Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H51 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 7, 2015 No. 2 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO 
TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
January 7, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable G LENN  
THOMPSON to act as Speaker pro tempore on 
this day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 6, 2015, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
The Chair will alternate recognition 
between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. 
f 
POLICY CHANGES TOWARD CUBA 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to strongly oppose the De-cember 17 announcement by President Obama on policy changes toward the Cuban Communist regime. The Cuban regime from day one was planning on using Alan Gross as a pawn to receive concessions from the Obama adminis-tration, and their strategy worked. 
In April 2013, when asked about a pos-
sible swap for Mr. Gross, Secretary Kerry testified before Congress that 
‘‘We have refused to do that because there is no equivalency. Alan Gross is wrongly imprisoned, and we are not going to trade as if it is a spy for a spy.’’ That turned out to not be true. 
President Obama unilaterally par-
doned three convicted Cuban spies. These spies were responsible for the deaths of three American citizens and one U.S. resident, Carlos Costa, Armando Alejandre, Mario de la Pena, 
and Pablo Morales, whose Brothers to the Rescue planes were unjustly shot down over international air space on direct orders of the Castro brothers. 
To make matters worse, we learned 
that the U.S. Government used re-sources to facilitate the artificial in-semination of one of the wives of the Cuban spies. Good grief. So the White House ignores the fact that these inno-cent U.S. pilots were not able to have their own families, but rewards one of the persons responsible for their deaths. 
Not only did the dictatorship achieve 
the return of five convicted spies, it was also able to attain major conces-sions from our President in order to support Cuba’s struggling economy. 
Cuba’s largest supporters, Russia and 
Venezuela, are struggling due to their own fiscal crises, so the Castro broth-ers needed a bailout from a new source; and, sadly, they found one with Presi-dent Obama. 
By increasing tourism travel on the 
island, the Obama administration will be injecting millions of dollars into the pockets of the Castro brothers. The Cuban police state runs the hotels. 
Let’s examine the President’s an-
nouncement very closely. First, the President claims that these new policy changes will empower the Cuban peo-ple. Well, the pro-democracy advocates on the island have stated that the changes will help their oppressor, not the people of Cuba. 
Second, the issue is not only impact-
ing the people of Cuba, it also poses a greater threat to U.S. national secu-
rity interests. Cuba is a designated state sponsor of terrorism and is an avowed enemy of the United States. 
With these concessions by the admin-
istration, the Castro brothers will use some of their new economic stream to invest more funds into their espionage activities, activities that are aimed against our Nation. With the ability to garner more intelligence against the U.S., the Castro brothers are likely to hit the black market and sell this in-telligence to the highest bidder. This is not a theory; it is a fact. 
One example of this fact is the case 
of Ana Belen Montes. She was a con-victed Cuban spy who worked for our U.S. Defense Intelligence Agency, col-lecting information for Castro so that it can be sold to our enemies. 
Third, the human rights situation on 
the island has not changed one bit. The President says that he got Raul Castro to agree to the release of 53 political prisoners, prisoners who should never have been in jail in the first place, yet the White House will not release the names of these 53 political prisoners. Why not? What do they have to hide? Plus what good is it for the Castro brothers to release these 53 when he doesn’t stop capturing and detaining other prisoners, which he will? 
What has been happening in Cuba 
lately in these past few weeks? Well, according to reports, more than 80 Cu-bans have been detained. The Cuban coast guard sank a boat recently in international waters that was carrying over 30 people, causing the deaths of some of them on board. Hezbollah cele-brated President Obama’s announce-ment after a meeting with the Cuban Ambassador to Lebanon. 
Mr. Speaker, this misguided policy of 
the President will have serious impli-cations for the United States and sends a signal to our enemies that we will cave and we will surrender at every 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:56 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JA7.000 H07JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H52 January 7, 2015 
turn. We in the Congress must do ev-
erything we can to prevent this disas-trous policy from going into effect. 
This is a bad deal for U.S. national 
security and for the Cuban opposition, and it is a sweetheart deal for the re-pressive Cuban regime. 
f 
INFRASTRUCTURE FUNDING 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, 
there is always a great deal of excite-ment surrounding a new Congress and a new year. One area that has been very encouraging is the focus on re-building and renewing America. That was where we left off in the last Con-gress, frustrated by an inability to produce a 6-year reauthorization, largely because of an inability for Con-gress to address meaningfully how it would be funded. This continues a struggle of almost two decades, as we have not increased the gas tax or devel-oped a viable, sustainable, adequate al-ternative. 
It is widely recognized that America 
is falling apart and falling behind. Our infrastructure, once the envy of the world, now has put us at a second-tier status, with America at risk of falling ever further behind. 
The deplorable state of our infra-
structure is actually costing Ameri-cans far more to endure the damage to their cars and the delays to their lives through congestion than simply fund-ing an alternative and fixing it. 
It is encouraging that the adminis-
tration and people in both parties, in both Chambers, might be prepared to address the issue anew. There are some short-term stopgap solutions which would nowhere near solve the problem but nudge us in the right direction. 
In the Senate there is bipartisan in-
terest in and openness to a comprehen-sive solution including the gas tax. Senators B
OBCORKER and his partner 
CHRIS MURPHY have been champions. 
Senator T OMCARPER continues his 
leadership and advocacy for the gas tax solution. Senator J
OHN THUNE , a key 
Republican leader, has signaled his openness to the gas tax, which is the simplest, most logical, and most effec-tive solution. 
Even the problematic proposal to use 
dynamic scoring to evaluate budget proposals could make a difference for the prospect of solving this huge prob-lem for America if it would be applied in the spirit of dynamic scoring. 
The Standard & Poor’s research re-
port, ‘‘U.S. Infrastructure Investment: A Chance to Reap More Than We Sow,’’ pointed out the overwhelming eco-nomic impact in terms of jobs created, economic benefits that actually ex-ceeded the direct amount invested, and long-term deficit reduction of $200 mil-lion for every $1.2 billion invested. This should be one of the easiest economic decisions we ever make. In an era of low interest rates, gaso-
line prices falling dramatically, when there are still hundreds of thousands of people ready to go to work at family wage jobs rebuilding this country, the economic case has never been stronger. 
By all means, let’s evaluate all of the 
proposals. Let’s expand the discussion. Let’s look at the leadership of States around the country that are stepping up to do their part. State, local, and private investment all have a role to play, to be sure, but recognize that the 25 percent of infrastructure funding that comes from the Federal Govern-ment plays a critical role. Let this Congress give America a solution that is sustainable, not one that would put us back in the same fix in a year or two or even sooner. 
Let’s have a revenue source that is 
dedicated so that we can begin on longer-term projects that demand multimodal, multistate, multiyear so-lutions and that is large enough to give us a long overdue 6-year comprehensive reauthorization. Stable, dedicated, big enough to do the job—this is a test that the new Congress and administra-tion should meet to revitalize our econ-omy and rebuild and renew this great country. 
At a time of dramatically falling oil 
and gas prices, when the public is suf-fering from Congress dithering on our transportation and other infrastruc-ture needs, there will never be a better time to heed the advice of President Ronald Reagan 33 years ago in his Thanksgiving Day radio address to the country to raise the gas tax and put Americans to work fixing the problem that has only gotten worse. It was good advice then. It is good advice today. 
f 
MENTAL HEALTH REFORMS 
NEEDED 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. R OS- 
LEHTINEN ). The Chair recognizes the 
gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. M
URPHY ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. 
Madam Speaker, sadly, each day we read sensationalized headlines that boggle the mind, but here is the rest of the story. In New York, headlines read a 30-year-old man has been charged with killing his father who founded a hedge fund because his allowance had been cut. 
The rest of the story? He had been in 
a mental health decline for years. A friend told the press, clearly their son had serious mental illness. There were stories about strange things that he had been doing in the past few years, really erratic behavior. Another news-paper reports the man was off his medi-cation. 
In Florida, headlines read a 22-year- 
old man cut off his mother’s head with an ax last week because of her nagging about daily chores. 
The rest of the story? This man had 
been diagnosed with schizophrenia and had been involuntarily held under the State’s civil commitment law but re-leased. Despite his illness and past 
commitments, he was no longer in treatment because Florida, like most States, requires a person to be immi-nently homicidal or suicidal for treat-ment. 
In Pennsylvania a former marine 
killed his ex-wife and five of her family members last month because of ‘‘fam-ily issues.’’ 
The rest of the story? The marine 
had been evaluated and cleared of hav-ing suicidal or homicidal tendencies by a Department of Veterans Affairs psy-chiatrist just days before, a decision we now see was wrong. 
Each week there are half a dozen new 
reports that demand more than a sen-sationalized headline because the rest of the story tells the real story. Severe mental illness is a brain disease; it is not an attitude or a lifestyle choice. Psychosis, schizophrenia, and other se-rious mental illnesses involve disrup-tion in typical brain functioning which translates into a very specific set of disturbing behaviors. This is not a con-demnation of the mentally ill nor a criticism of those who have severe brain disorders. 
Hallucinations, voices, visions, and 
paranoia lead to actions that aren’t grounded in reasoned choices. For those who don’t have a brain disease it is hard to understand, and it is unnerving to think about, but when we understand that behaviors are sympto-matic of what is occurring in the brain, we can address them without judg-ment, just like other medical diseases and other lifesaving treatments. 
The distorted reasoning why an indi-
vidual acts out in a violent manner or takes the lives of innocent victims on a mass scale are complex and not as sim-ple as a response to a mother’s nag-ging. Sadly, in all cases I mentioned today, the families knew there was something wrong with their mentally ill loved one but they were ignored and frustrated or turned away by a broken system of State and Federal laws that create walls and barriers instead of ac-cess to care. 
Parents know there is a problem, and 
even when they have the resources to get a child help, the family efforts are thwarted by this broken system, and they are not getting effective, evi-dence-based treatment. And commu-nities rarely have the appropriate pro-grams, resources, and doctors to deal with the most severe cases. 
In the face of this growing crisis, we 
must approach serious mental illness as a medical emergency that engages a community and medical response to help people and families trapped in this system that is misguided, in denial, and disconnected. 
We can change this tragic pattern, 
and that is why I will be reintroducing the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act. 
b1015 
My legislation makes sure the most 
severely mentally ill have access to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:56 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.002 H07JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H53 January 7, 2015 
treatment. It fixes the shortage of psy-
chiatric beds. It clarifies and simplifies HIPAA privacy laws. It reforms Fed-eral programs to focus on programs that research shows work, not feel- good fads. It helps patients who aren’t able to understand their need for treat-ment get meaningful care. 
We know that, for example, 50 per-
cent of people with schizophrenia suffer from something called anosognosia— they are not even aware that they have problems—and this leads to noncompli-ance with treatment and helps to ex-plain why 40 percent of Americans with serious mental illness don’t get any treatment. 
Anosognosia occurs most frequently 
when schizophrenia or a bipolar dis-order affects portions of the frontal lobe, resulting in impaired executive function. The patients are neurologically unable to comprehend that their delusions or hallucinations are not real. 
This is different than denial; this is a 
change in the wiring of the brain. We need to understand and respect that. The Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act also ensures there is ac-countability for how public health dol-lars are being spent. 
We owe it to the 10 million Ameri-
cans with a serious mental illness and the 5 million who are not with treat-ment to take meaningful action to fix the chaotic patchwork of programs and laws that make it impossible to get meaningful medical care until it is too late to do anything beyond mourning. 
Each day, I receive countless letters 
and telephone calls from parents across the country who must courageously battle a broken system when trying to help a loved one in mental health cri-sis. I admire their courage, their com-passion, and their passion. Let their struggles be our motivation to take ac-tion of our own now. 
As I said, I will soon be reintroducing 
my Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act, and I welcome all Members interested in joining me in this quest to work together as we reintroduce this to make sure we get treatment be-fore tragedy. 
f 
STATEHOOD FOR PUERTO RICO 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Puerto Rico (Mr. P
IERLUISI ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. PIERLUISI. Madam Speaker, as 
the new Congress begins its work on behalf of the American people, I rise to address my colleagues about an issue of national importance, namely Puerto Rico’s quest to discard its status as a U.S. territory and to become a U.S. State. 
Puerto Rico has been a territory 
since 1898. If Puerto Rico does not de-sire to remain a territory, it can follow one of two paths. The territory can be-come a State or it can become a sov-ereign nation, either fully independent from the U.S. or with a compact of free association with the U.S. that either 
nation can terminate. If Puerto Rico becomes a nation, future generations of island residents would not be American citizens. 
My constituents have made countless 
contributions to the United States in times of peace and war, serving in every military conflict since World War I. They fight today in Afghanistan and other dangerous locations in the same units as young men and women from States such as Florida, Texas, and New Mexico. Many of them have made the ultimate sacrifice in battle. When they do, their casket is flown back to this country draped in the American flag. 
It takes a special kind of patriotism 
to fight for a nation that you love, but one that does not treat you equally. Although Puerto Rico is home to more American citizens than 21 States, my constituents cannot vote for President, are not represented in the Senate, and have one nonvoting delegate in the House. Moreover, territory status gives Congress license to treat Puerto Rico worse than the States, and Congress often uses that license. 
Everyone, other than apologists for 
the status quo, comprehends that terri-tory status is the root cause of the eco-nomic crisis in Puerto Rico. As a result of the structural problems this status has created, residents of Puerto Rico are relocating to the States in stag-gering numbers. 
I know it breaks their hearts to leave 
behind the island they love, but most see no other option; yet through the clouds, a bright sun is emerging. The people of Puerto Rico have finally said, ‘‘No more.’’ They have come to the conclusion that they deserve a status that is both democratic and dignified. 
They will no longer tolerate being 
second-class citizens. They do not want special treatment; rather, they demand equal treatment, nothing more but nothing less. 
The will of the Puerto Rican people 
was expressed in a 2012 referendum sponsored by the Puerto Rico Govern-ment. There, a majority of my con-stituents expressed their opposition to territory status. 
Statehood received more votes than 
territory status, and statehood re-ceived far more votes than independ-ence or free association, proving that Puerto Rico has no desire to weaken the bonds forged with the United States over nearly 12 decades. In short, statehood is now the predominant force in Puerto Rico. 
At my urging and in response to this 
landmark referendum, the Obama ad-ministration proposed and Congress ap-proved an appropriation of $2.5 million to fund the first federally-sponsored vote in Puerto Rico’s history with the stated goal of resolving the status issue. 
I have proposed that the funding be 
used to hold a simple, federally spon-sored yes-or-no vote on whether Puerto Rico should be admitted as a State, just as Alaska and Hawaii did. This ap-
proach would yield a definitive result that nobody could reasonably question, and it has broad congressional support, since a bill I introduced last Congress that embodies this approach had 131 co-sponsors and led to the filing of an identical Senate companion bill. 
All that remains is for the Governor 
of Puerto Rico to schedule the vote; yet a year has passed, and we have seen only inertia and indecision, all talk and no action. 
For my part, I will continue to press 
for action both in San Juan and in Washington, D.C., using any strategy and technique that will advance the statehood cause. 
Since none of my colleagues in this 
Chamber representing States would ac-cept territory status for their constitu-ents, I know they will understand that I will not accept it for my constituents either. 
f 
PENNSYLVANIA OFFICE OF RURAL 
HEALTH PRESENTS THE 2014 RURAL HEALTH AWARDS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for 5 
minutes. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Madam Speaker, I rise today to recog-nize one individual and one organiza-tion from Pennsylvania’s Fifth Con-gressional District that during the past year made substantial contributions to rural health in support of the commu-nities our hospitals and caregivers serve each and every day. 
The Pennsylvania Office of Rural 
Health, which is funded by the Federal Office of Rural Health Policy, the Pennsylvania Department of Health, and the Pennsylvania State University, is a public partnership designed to ex-pand data-driven health care outcomes for rural communities. 
Each year, the Pennsylvania Office of 
Rural Health’s ‘‘Rural Health Awards’’ recognize individuals and organizations in the Commonwealth that have gone above and beyond in their respective field or program and made significant improvements towards improving health outcomes. 
Mr. Daniel Blough, chief executive 
officer of the Punxsutawney Area Hos-pital in Punxsutawney, Pennsylvania, received the 2014 State Rural Health Leader of the Year Award. Mr. Blough was recognized for 28 years of dedicated service to the health and well-being of the residents in and around Punx-sutawney, which is located in Jefferson County, Pennsylvania. 
As a founding Pennsylvania member 
and president of the Pennsylvania Mountains Healthcare Alliance, a col-laboration of 18 rural hospitals, Mr. Blough’s leadership served to strength-en clinical outcomes for residents throughout the region. 
Additionally, the Total HEALTH 
Program at the Dickinson Center, In-corporated, in St. Marys, Pennsyl-vania, which is also located in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:56 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.004 H07JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H54 January 7, 2015 
Fifth District, received the 2014 Rural 
Health Program of the Year Award. 
The Total HEALTH Program, a re-
gional collaboration of health service providers encompassing Penn High-lands-Elk, Dickinson Center, Incor-porated, and an independent physician in Elk County, aims to provide primary and behavioral health care services to individuals with physical, mental, and behavioral health needs. 
Total HEALTH received the recogni-
tion for innovative programming in Elk, Cameron, and McKean Counties that resulted in both improved patient coordination and clinical outcomes. 
Madam Speaker, I offer my thanks, 
my congratulations, and my praise to Mr. Daniel Blough of the Punx-sutawney Area Hospital and the profes-sionals and the staff represented through the Total HEALTH Program for their commitment to strengthening and improving the quality of care in the communities of our region. 
f 
THE CONCERNS OF THE NINTH 
CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT OF TEXAS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Madam 
Speaker, I am honored to stand here today as a Member of the Congress of the United States of America, and I am grateful to my constituents for allow-ing me to serve in this capacity. 
My district is a very diverse one. It 
contains the greatest medical center in the world, the Houston Medical Center, and it contains the first domed sta-dium, the Astrodome. We speak more than 80 different languages, and the ballot in the Ninth Congressional Dis-trict in the State of Texas is printed in English, Spanish, Vietnamese, and Chi-nese. We are indeed a very diverse dis-trict. 
My constituents are constituents not 
unlike those across the length and breadth of this country. There are issues of concern to them. I want to as-sure my constituents that as we move into the 114th Congress, I will be push-ing legislation that will be important: the LAW Act, the Living American Wage Act. We have filed this bill be-fore, and we will file it again in this Congress. 
The LAW Act indexes the minimum 
wage to poverty. It is our belief that anyone who works full time should not live below the poverty line. People should be able to work their way out of poverty. 
The LAW Act indexes the minimum 
wage to poverty such that when the poverty level rises, the minimum wage will also elevate, such that people who are working for minimum wage will continue to live above the poverty line. 
As an aside, I spoke to a person who 
is working at the wage that is paid to the persons who wait tables, the wait staff, $2.13 an hour; and one of the things that was called to my attention was that these persons—good people, 
hardworking people—don’t always make a lot with these tips that are supposed to supplement their income. 
I have been told that as little as $8 in 
one day in tips were being made by one of my constituents, so I am concerned not only about the $7.25 an hour, the minimum wage, but also about the $2.13 an hour. I also supported H.R. 1010, which was filed in the last Con-gress, and it also indexed the minimum wage, not to poverty, but it did index the minimum wage. 
I will be concerned about comprehen-
sive immigration reform because in my district, I have a good many persons who are the sons and daughters of im-migrants who came here not of their own volition. Many of them came and discovered that they were not Amer-ican citizens after graduating from high school. 
I support what the President has 
done with his executive order. I have to support what he has done with his ex-ecutive order, given that I am the ben-eficiary of the greatest executive order ever written: the Emancipation Procla-mation. It did not free the slaves, but it did pave the way for the passage of the 13th Amendment. 
I am honored to say that I support 
what the President has done, but we still must have comprehensive immi-gration reform because there is much more to be done. With millions of peo-ple living in the shadows, we need to know who is in the country, and we also need to make sure those who are in the country pay their fair share of taxes, that they are a part of the infra-structure that elevates the country— the economic infrastructure—and to do this, we need comprehensive immigra-tion reform. 
I am also concerned very much about 
our veterans. This is why in the last Congress, we passed the language that was in the HAVEN Act in the defense authorization bill. 
Senator J
ACK REED, thank you so 
much. Senator J ACKREEDhelped to get 
that through the Senate, and that lan-guage got through the Senate because Senator R
EEDwas there. Senator R EED, 
we are eternally grateful, and I think a good many veterans are too. 
Twenty million dollars was made 
available to veterans to help those who are low-income veterans who are in-jured in some way, such that they can-not use their facilities in their homes as they would without that disability. Counters are lowered, bathrooms are made accessible, and ramps are in-stalled. 
Senator R
EED, thank you for helping 
us to get this $20 million, which will be matched by NGOs who will perform this service and help our veterans. 
Finally, we are concerned about law 
enforcement. I respect law enforce-ment. I support law enforcement. What happened to these peace officers in New York was dastardly done. The dastard that did it is a person that we can never ever in any way glorify. The peo-ple who commit crimes ought to be 
punished, and I support punishment for people who commit crimes. 
I also support having a system that 
prevents our law enforcement officers from being falsely accused. I believe that a camera on an officer can make a difference, and I am honored to say 
that my colleague, the Honorable E
MANUEL CLEAVER , and I are working 
together on bills that we have filed to bring them together, so that we can help our law enforcement avoid spe-cious accusations and make sure that they have the evidence of what actu-ally occurred. 
God bless my constituents and the 
United States of America. 
f 
b1030 
SERVING THE AMERICAN PEOPLE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
THOMPSON of Pennsylvania). The Chair 
recognizes the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) for 5 minutes. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as 
we come to begin this new opportunity of service to the American people, clearly we want to emphasize to them that we take this responsibility seri-ously and, as well, that we know that we represent our constituents. These are districts that are between thou-sands of people that are in our congres-sional districts, but we realize that the broader sense of what we do is to rep-resent our Nation and the values and needs of the American people. 
Over the last 2 days, as we begin this 
legislative process, I have been con-cerned about two issues in particular that I believe do not, if you will, pro-vide for the overall sensitivity to the American people. We were discussing a major financial services bill that will be coming up. Many elements are in this bill, but I want our constituents and, more importantly, our colleagues to realize that you have a bill that will diminish what we call the Volcker rule. 
What that is is a protection to make 
sure if banks want to dibble and dabble in risky ventures or risky investments, that they do so with the money that is private and separate from money that is protected by the FDIC. That is your savings accounts. That is the money you socked away. In the instance of this legislation, they want to take that protection away so that banks can dib-ble and dabble in accounts that are protected by the FDIC, meaning that you pay for mistakes; you pay for col-lapse; you pay for the wrong decisions that are made; and you lose. I don’t want the American people to lose. 
It is something that has touched my 
heart because I represent a vast amount of constituents: those who are quite well-endowed, if you will, quite wealthy, such as major corporations and neighbors and others who are doing quite well; and then, of course, I rep-resent children and widows who are de-pendent on something called SSI, or those who are disabled who are depend-ent on SSI. And I cannot, for the life of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:56 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.005 H07JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H55 January 7, 2015 
me, understand why we would pass leg-
islation that would, in essence, indi-cate that we are not going to continue supporting SSI, in fact, that we may call for either the elimination or the decreasing of benefits under SSI. 
Do we realize, does this Republican 
leadership realize, that those who re-ceive SSI are the most vulnerable, the poorest, the children who are in great need, the sick who are in great need, people who have worked and who have fallen upon times in which they need that kind of support? Why would we, in the thinking of representing the core of American values, lifting all people, be-lieving in the equality of all, why would we do this? And so my voice is going to be heard loudly and clearly. I call upon, as my Democratic colleagues have so aptly noted, that we raise our voices and that we get in the way and that we stop this kind of intrusion on those who cannot, in some instances, speak for themselves. 
I want to rise today as well to ac-
knowledge my deepest sympathy to the people of France for the heinous and tragic incident which has just oc-curred. When I left, there were 12 dead, including two police officers in the line of duty. We pray for their families, and we stand up against this vile act of franchise terrorism. 
As a member of the Homeland Secu-
rity Committee, I am grateful to serve on that committee with the ranking member, Mr. T
HOMPSON , and Chairman 
MCCAUL. I hope that we can work in a 
bipartisan manner to confront this kind of dangerous terrorism, recog-nizing that we do not label people by their faith, but we label them by their actions. 
Might I also say that I express, 
again, on the floor, a sympathy for the tragic execution of the NYPD law en-forcement officers. We do not stand for that. That individual has been deter-mined to be disturbed, crazed, and does not represent any value of America. We offer our deepest sympathy to those shot recently in the line of duty. Hope-fully we will continue working in the Judicial Committee to look at the criminal justice system that really in-volves a whole number of elements, such as the grand jury system, the spe-cial prosecutor system, the constant traffic stops in many instances that are done on a racially profiled sce-nario, and the uplifting of training and community-oriented policing. 
Mr. Speaker, we can do all of these 
things if we work together, but I did not come to this Congress to under-mine the criminal justice system or to undermine people who are in need. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. 
Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 34 
minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. b1200 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
Loving God, we give You thanks for 
giving us another day. 
We thank You for the joy, excite-
ment, and ceremony of yesterday when the 114th Congress convened. It was a celebration of the ongoing American experiment of participatory democ-racy. 
Today begins, if not in full force, the 
work of the Congress when the difficul-ties facing our Nation, and some com-munities especially, come into focus. We ask again an abundance of Your wisdom for the Members of the people’s House. 
May we be forever grateful for the 
blessings our Nation enjoys and appro-priately generous with what we have to help those among us who are in need. 
May all that is done this day be for 
Your greater honor and glory. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-
ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman 
from South Carolina (Mr. W ILSON ) 
come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina led 
the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
SWEARING IN OF MEMBERS-ELECT 
The SPEAKER. Will the Representa-
tives-elect please present themselves in the well. 
Mr. C
ROWLEY of New York, Mr. 
ENGEL of New York, Mr. H IGGINS of 
New York, Mrs. L OWEY of New York, 
Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New 
York, Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of 
New York, Mr. M EEKS of New York, Ms. 
MENGof New York, Mr. N ADLER of New 
York, Mr. R ANGEL of New York, Mr. 
TONKO of New York, and Ms. 
VELA´ZQUEZ of New York appeared at 
the bar of the House and took the oath of office, as follows: 
Do you solemnly swear that you will sup-
port and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that you will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; that you take this obligation freely, without any mental 
reservation or purpose of evasion; and that you will well and faithfully discharge the du-ties of the office on which you are about to enter, so help you God. 
The SPEAKER. Congratulations. You 
are now Members of the 114th Congress. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. P OE 
of Texas) laid before the House the fol-lowing communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, January 6, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNBOEHNER , 
The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Under Clause 2(g) of 
Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, I herewith designate Mr. Rob-ert Reeves, Deputy Clerk, and Mr. Kirk D. Boyle, Legal Counsel, to sign any and all pa-pers and do all other acts for me under the name of the Clerk of the House which they would be authorized to do by virtue of this designation, except such as are provided by statute, in case of my temporary absence or disability. 
This designation shall remain in effect for 
the 114th Congress or until modified by me. 
With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS, 
Clerk of the House. 
f 
HIRE OUR HEROES ACT 
(Mr. WILSON of South Carolina 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, the President’s takeover of our Nation’s health care system bur-dens small businesses and veterans seeking jobs. ObamaCare’s employer mandate hurts small businesses’ abil-ity to hire employees while veterans already face a tough job market. 
I am grateful the House yesterday 
passed the Hire More Heroes Act, a bi-partisan bill to exempt veterans who already receive health care benefits through the VA and TRICARE from being counted in the number that must receive employer coverage. 
This policy change encourages busi-
nesses to hire veterans and provides re-lief to employers to create jobs. I ap-preciate South Carolina Attorney Gen-eral Bob Livingston working with Colo-nel Ronnie Taylor on Operation Pal-metto Employment to reduce veteran unemployment from 16 to 3 percent. 
Potential for employment should not 
be restricted by the failures of ObamaCare, and I am grateful one of the first votes of the 114th Congress supports veterans and creates jobs. 
Also, God bless our troops, and the 
President, by his actions, must never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. Our sympathy to America’s first ally, France, on the ter-rorist attack today in Paris. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.006 H07JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H56 January 7, 2015 
PORT NEGOTIATIONS 
(Ms. HAHN asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. HAHN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to express my hopes that the negotia-tions between the Pacific Maritime As-sociation and our dock workers will improve quickly with the help of a Fed-eral mediator. 
Resolving differences between the 
ILWU and the PMA is essential to the United States’ economy because our west coast ports support 5 million jobs across the country and handle two- thirds of all America’s trade. This rep-resents 12.5 percent of our GDP. 
Port workers have been without a 
contract for 7 months under tense and uncertain conditions. Reaching a fair agreement is urgent for workers and their families, for communities, for our businesses that depends on goods mov-ing through these ports, and indeed for our Nation’s prosperity. 
As cochair of the bipartisan Port 
Caucus, along with my colleague T
ED 
POE, I will do all I can to help our ports 
operate smoothly and keep Americans working. 
f 
BALANCED BUDGET AMENDMENT 
(Mr. ROUZER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Speaker, it doesn’t 
take an accountant to figure out that our path of more spending and more debt must change. Our national debt has increased by more than $7 trillion over the past 6 years, now totaling more than $18 trillion. 
That is why I am proud to cosponsor 
H.J. Res. 1 and H.J. Res. 2. Both of these bills would amend the Constitu-tion to require a balanced budget. Families across North Carolina and America are required to live within their means, and they expect Wash-ington to do the same. 
I came here with a clear mission: 
work to get a balanced budget and do my best to reduce the size and scope of government, so that our small busi-nesses and farm families can grow and create jobs. 
On behalf of the fine citizens of the 
Seventh Congressional District of North Carolina, I am proud to be a co-sponsor of both of these resolutions, and I encourage my colleagues in both the House and the Senate to join me in this effort. 
f 
NEW CONGRESS REPRESENTS A 
NEW OPPORTUNITY 
(Mr. CICILLINE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, yester-
day, the 114th Congress of the United States convened for the first time. This new Congress represents a new oppor-tunity to get to work on the priorities of the American people. We have a responsibility over the 
next 2 years to work together in a bi-partisan way to create jobs, grow the economy, expand access to affordable education, and keep our communities safe. 
Last night, Democrats offered a new 
legislative package to grow the econ-omy by creating better infrastructure and bigger paychecks for hardworking Americans. Unfortunately, House Re-publicans voted to block action on this important legislation. 
I am hopeful that this year we can 
cast aside partisan differences and work together to expand opportunities for hardworking Americans and their families. 
This month, I will be meeting with 
Rhode Islanders all across my home State to hear about their priorities as I develop my legislative work plan for the 114th Congress. 
By working together, I believe we 
can find common ground to make this Congress more productive than the last, accomplish the work that we were sent here to do, and create a brighter future for the people we serve. 
f 
BALANCED BUDGET AMENDMENT 
(Mr. POLIQUIN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, for gen-
erations, the hardworking families of Maine’s Second District have balanced their checkbooks at the kitchen table. It is time our Federal Government does the same. 
A balanced budget amendment to our 
Constitution will finally force Wash-ington to live within its means. This discipline will help end wasteful spend-ing and enable our government to start paying down our $18 trillion national debt. 
That will give job creators the con-
fidence to expand their companies and to start new ones. More jobs, more freedom, less government dependency, that is what we all want for our kids. 
Amending our Constitution will not 
be easy or quick, but we can start the process right now. With every Member of Congress supporting this crucial jobs bill, an institutional discipline to spend no more than we collect in taxes from American families is the com-monsense, right thing to do. It will help ensure the financial security for our kids and our grandkids, and it will create jobs. 
f 
USA WARRIORS ICE HOCKEY 
PROGRAM 
(Mr. QUIGLEY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, one of 
my greatest privileges as a Congress-man has been spending time with some of our country’s wounded veterans through the USA Warriors Ice Hockey program. USA Warriors provides edu-
cation, training, motivation, and en-couragement for U.S. military mem-bers who have been injured while serv-ing. 
The same qualities that made them 
successful in the military—teamwork, perseverance, and determination— make them inspiring competitors on the ice. 
Recently, I played with the Warriors 
and the Chicago Blackhawks at a prac-tice at Nationals Park before the Win-ter Classic. Last week was particularly moving because the Warriors paid trib-ute to Clint Reif, Chicago Blackhawks’ assistant equipment manager, who passed away on December 21st, by wearing ‘‘CR’’ stickers on their hel-mets. 
Clint was responsible for getting the 
Warriors new equipment when they skated with the Blackhawks last sea-son at Soldier Field, and many of the Warriors considered Clint an extended member of their team. This simple ges-ture was a fitting tribute to Clint and an extraordinary testament to these veterans who have given us all so much. 
My thoughts and prayers are with 
the Reif family and the entire Chicago Blackhawks organization during these difficult times. 
f 
LAUREN HILL 
(Mr. MESSER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, today, I 
rise to honor a remarkable young woman from Indiana’s Sixth Congres-sional District, 19-year-old Lauren Hill. 
Last year, this Lawrenceburg native 
was diagnosed with DIPG, a terminal form of brain cancer. Since then, Lauren has become a national symbol of courage and hope for those impacted by this terrible disease. 
This selfless young woman inspired 
the Nation last November by fulfilling her dream of playing in an NCAA bas-ketball game, despite having an inoper-able brain tumor. Lauren not only played, but scored 4 points for the Mount St. Joseph’s Lions. 
She then set an ambitious goal: to 
raise $1 million for DIPG research be-fore the end of 2014. During a telethon on Tuesday, December 30th, she sur-passed that goal. 
I commend Lauren for her continued 
courage and applaud the steps she has taken to find a cure for pediatric brain cancer. 
Lauren, you make your community, 
your State, and your country proud. 
f 
b1215 
MARRIAGE EQUALITY 
(Mr. HIGGINS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, yester-
day, Florida became the 36th State to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:56 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.009 H07JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H57 January 7, 2015 
legalize marriage equality. Now more 
than 70 percent of Americans live in a State where sexual orientation does not dictate who can be married. 
Our Nation was founded on basic 
principles of freedom and equality, and no law should discriminate against in-dividuals on the basis of who they are. We have come a long way since 2004 when Massachusetts became a pio-neering State in the fight for marriage equality. But the fight is not over. 
I am a proud to be an original co-
sponsor of the Respect for Marriage Act, reintroduced in the House yester-day. This legislation will allow same- sex couples to receive equal and fair treatment under Federal law regardless of their State’s marriage laws. 
As we begin the 114th Congress, I 
look forward to working with my col-leagues in the House to make sure that 
we have laws in place to end discrimi-nation toward individuals, regardless of their gender, race, religious back-ground, sexual orientation, or gender identity. 
f 
FIRST RESPONDER APPRECIATION 
WEEK 
(Mr. BILIRAKIS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, this 
week is Florida’s First Responder Ap-preciation Week. Every day, law en-forcement, firefighters, and EMTs put their lives on the line to keep our com-munities safe. 
Sadly, in my district, Tarpon Springs 
police officer Charles ‘‘Charlie K’’ Kondek was shot and killed right be-fore Christmas as he patrolled the streets on the midnight shift while the rest of us slept securely in our homes. 
There is no such thing as a typical 
day for first responders. On average, an officer dies in the line of duty every 58 hours—150 deaths per year. 
This week, and every day, we should 
be thankful for the first responders serving our communities. Let us never forget the sacrifices of Officer Kondek and others who have fallen in the line of duty. These brave officers and their families are in our prayers. They are remembered. 
f 
VOTING RIGHTS OF THE DISTRICT 
OF COLUMBIA 
(Ms. NORTON asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, yester-
day, in their first votes of the 114th Congress, the majority used their first vote to eliminate the vote in the Com-mittee of the Whole of the residents of your Nation’s Capital. That vote on some, but certainly not all, matters had been approved by the Federal courts. The District of Columbia has used this vote in three Congresses, but not when Republicans controlled. 
With their large majority, Repub-
licans showed themselves to be small in principle when they voted to elimi-
nate the vote of D.C. citizens, who pay the highest Federal taxes per capita in the Nation. 
f 
HONORING DAVID FRANK GEER 
(Mr. DENHAM asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to acknowledge and honor the life of a beloved leader in the Modesto community. Former Modesto City Council member David ‘‘Dave’’ Frank Geer died at the age of 72 on Sunday, December 28. 
He followed in his father’s footsteps 
and became a paratrooper in the United States Army and served for many years in the Reserves after Ac-tive Duty. For 27 years, Dave worked at Lawrence Livermore National Lab-oratory for the U.S. Department of En-ergy and the Nuclear Security Admin-istration. He was a Federal security po-lice officer with a Q level security clearance. 
In 2009, Dave decided to get more ac-
tive in politics and ran for the Modesto City Council District Two. He won handily. He was a strong advocate for his largely Latino district, which in-cludes some of Modesto’s poorest neighborhoods, which he lived in for more than a quarter century. He under-stood politics without being political. He did his homework on issues facing the city. And while he treated people with respect, he did not shy away from asking very tough questions. 
In addition to serving on the city 
council, he was involved in many as-pects of our community. And he was very involved with many of us in ad-dressing all problems, not just from a city perspective, but from a county, from a State, and from a Federal per-spective. Dave Geer was a man who was very involved in his community and wanted to strengthen his Nation. He will be missed. We will miss his leader-ship. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me in hon-
oring and recognizing Dave Geer for his unwavering leadership and many ac-complishments and contributions. He had a long history of service to his Na-tion and community, and he had a gen-uine love for the people, community, and Nation he worked so hard for. 
f 
HONORING STEPHANIE RILEY 
(Ms. KUSTER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, today I 
rise to honor Lieutenant Colonel Stephanie Riley of the New Hampshire National Guard, a courageous Granite Stater who recently passed away after a long battle with cancer. In addition to her work as an occupational nurse for the Army and her dedicated service to the National Guard, Steph touched so many lives with her energy and compassion. Steph leaves behind a wonderful hus-
band, Shawn, and two terrific kids, Shane and Sammie, as well as count-less friends and admirers all across New Hampshire. She was a tireless ad-vocate for veterans, serving as sec-retary of our State’s Veterans Advi-sory Council. She was devoted to the next generation of leaders. 
When Steph was diagnosed with can-
cer, she refused to be discouraged. She was open about her disease, fighting on behalf of cancer research. I had the honor of walking with her on her team, Steph Strong, in an event to raise can-cer awareness. As always, she was kind and vivacious, joking with friends and family. I consider myself very lucky to have been her friend. Steph was a won-derful, brave Granite Stater. 
f 
STANDING AGAINST CASTRO 
REGIME 
(Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, 
President Obama’s statement that he will reestablish diplomatic relations with the communist regime in Cuba takes away leverage that could have been used once that island nation one day begins to move towards democracy and freedom. But the Castro brothers have taken no such steps, nor will they. Raul Castro already stated that he will not change anything about his regime. That was Castro’s official re-sponse to President Obama’s unilateral concessions. 
The U.S. has given away the store, 
and it has not helped the Cuban opposi-tion at all. 
Is there freedom of expression in 
Cuba now? No. 
Are there political parties in Cuba? 
No, just one party, the Communist Party. 
Is there freedom of assembly, free-
dom of the press, respect for human rights? No, no, and no. 
Will President Obama’s sellout help 
bring about such freedoms? No. Quite the opposite, Mr. Speaker. It will pro-vide an economic lifeline to the de-crepit regime. 
The President has stated that he has 
asked for an official U.S. Embassy and a U.S. Ambassador to Cuba. This would lend legitimacy to a dictatorship that continues to pose a threat to U.S. na-tional security. 
Let’s work to stop this reckless and 
unwarranted action. Let’s stand with the Cuban opposition and not with the Castro regime. 
f 
CRAIG BIGGIO VOTED INTO 
BASEBALL HALL OF FAME 
(Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas asked 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. 
Speaker, Houstonians and baseball fans 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:07 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.010 H07JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H58 January 7, 2015 
all across the country today are cele-
brating. The Houston Astros have their first person into the Hall of Fame, Craig Biggio. He is called the greatest Astro because, for his 20-year career, he spent his total time with the Hous-ton Astros. We have a number of other players in the Hall of Fame, but they didn’t spend their entire career with the Astros. 
The Houston Astro franchise started 
in 1962, 52 years ago, as the Colt .45s. In 1965, they changed the name to the Houston Astros and played in the As-trodome for many years. Now they play at Minute Maid Park. The famed Astrodome is still there, although we need to refurbish it. But it is historic. 
The Astros organization and 
Houstonians today are celebrating Craig Biggio, who was a great mentor to a lot of baseball players. Mr. Hustle, as he was known in the Houston area, is now a member of the Hall of Frame. 
f 
OPPOSING UNILATERAL 
EXECUTIVE ACTIONS 
(Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, over the last 
few weeks, many people have expressed genuine concerns about the appropria-tions bill that passed Congress in De-cember. Unfortunately, many Wash-ington-based special interest groups are confusing the matter with incom-plete and sometimes false messages aimed more at fundraising for them-selves than uniting behind our shared goal of stopping President Obama’s ex-ecutive overreach on immigration. 
I am vehemently opposed to the 
President’s unilateral executive ac-tions granting amnesty to millions of illegal aliens. It is the responsibility of Congress to pursue reforms and ensure that a strong immigration policy is de-vised. 
By extending funding for the Depart-
ment of Homeland Security only through February 2015, the House and Senate are prepared to confront the President’s unparalleled power grab without the threat of a looming, gov-ernment-wide shutdown, and we will do everything we can to stop his destruc-tive actions. 
f 
OUR LEGISLATIVE AGENDA 
(Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of a Democratic legislative agenda that would improve our Nation’s infrastruc-ture and focus on job creation and sup-port of the American people. 
Instead of taking backward steps and 
undermining existing law that protects and helps our fellow Americans, we must concentrate on fair wages, sci-entific advancement, and allowing in-dividuals to access health security. We must begin to work on reauthorizing the highway trust fund immediately, 
moving beyond the all-too-familiar re-curring nightmare of short-term, piece-meal highway reauthorizations. 
Instead of providing giveaways to 
special interest groups, we must strengthen protections in public health, the environment, food safety, and consumer safety for hardworking Americans. We must support access to quality, affordable health insurance for millions of Americans instead of slowly chipping away provisions of the Afford-able Care Act. And Congress must think in the long term by leading ef-forts to curb climate change. 
f 
SHARED ENDEAVOR ON COMMON 
GROUND 
(Mr. CONNOLLY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I wel-
come you and all of our colleagues back for the start of the 114th Con-gress. I was encouraged by Speaker B
OEHNER ’s remarks yesterday calling 
for all of us to begin this shared en-deavor on common ground. I couldn’t agree more. As someone who comes from local government, I know first-hand the music that can be made when elected leaders allow their commit-ments to improve the quality of life for our neighbors to guide their actions rather than partisan ideology. 
My predecessor in this Chamber was 
also a veteran of local government. And although we had our share of par-tisan differences, we both like to say that we belong to the same party, the party of getting things done, a moniker to which this new Congress should as-pire. 
Without question, there will be rig-
orous battle of ideas, and we should ex-pect nothing less in the arena of elect-ed leadership. But at the end of the day, our constituents expect us to re-solve those differences, to accomplish something on their behalf rather than on behalf of our respective parties. 
Mr. Speaker, when a final tally is 
taken of this Congress, I hope we do prove the pessimists wrong and show we were a Congress that got things done. 
f 
b1230 
AMERICAN PEOPLE ARE BEING 
MISLED AS TO THE CON-SEQUENCES OF COMPANY BO-NUSES 
(Mr. CONAWAY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, yester-
day, from these microphones, there was more than one occasion when my col-leagues would argue that somehow giv-ing a bonus of $1 million to the busi-ness owner or a chief executive officer of a company would somehow go untaxed; that because the company got a tax deduction that that somehow 
spread the burden of that across all of America. 
What was left out of the conversation 
each and every time was the fact that the recipient of that bonus—this indi-vidual—actually puts that on their tax return and pays it at a much higher rate. In fact, that $1 million would probably be taxed at the 43 percent rate—or 39.6, plus the add-ons that are in place. 
So, over and over again yesterday the 
American people were misled as to the consequences of getting bonuses or paying chief executive officers. It does not go untaxed simply because the company gets a tax deduction. That employee has to put that on their tax return and pay the appropriate taxes on that. 
I just wanted to set the record 
straight on yesterday’s misguided com-ments with respect to how individuals who create businesses and grow those businesses are compensated, and the misinformation that that somehow is a negative impact on the rest of us. 
f 
BEGINNING OF A NEW CONGRESS 
(Mrs. DAVIS of California asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speak-
er, this week marks the beginning of a new Congress, and with it comes a new chance to move past the bickering that has characterized the last 2 years. Sadly, the leadership of the House seems poised to let that opportunity go to waste. 
Since the election, we have heard 
that one potential area of agreement would be tax reform. That would be great. I would welcome the chance to improve our deeply flawed Tax Code. And yet, the very first act of this Con-gress will make it much harder for any reform bill to get bipartisan support. 
That is because House leadership has 
quite literally changed the rules of the game, allowing them to pick and choose which tax bills the congres-sional budget will be giving favorable treatment. 
Mr. Speaker, I am optimistic that we 
can move past the dysfunction of the last few years, but changing the rules of the game isn’t a signal that we are heading in the right direction. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. 
Record votes on postponed questions 
will be taken later. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:07 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.013 H07JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H59 January 7, 2015 
TERRORISM RISK INSURANCE PRO-
GRAM REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2015 
Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 26) to extend the termination date of the Terrorism Insurance Pro-gram established under the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act of 2002, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 26 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE AND TABLE OF CON-
TENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Terrorism Risk Insurance Program Re-authorization Act of 2015’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title and table of contents. 
TITLE I—EXTENSION OF TERRORISM 
INSURANCE PROGRAM 
Sec. 101. Extension of Terrorism Insurance 
Program. 
Sec. 102. Federal share. Sec. 103. Program trigger. Sec. 104. Recoupment of Federal share of 
compensation under the pro-gram. 
Sec. 105. Certification of acts of terrorism; 
consultation with Secretary of Homeland Security. 
Sec. 106. Technical amendments. Sec. 107. Improving the certification proc-
ess. 
Sec. 108. GAO study. Sec. 109. Membership of Board of Governors 
of the Federal Reserve System. 
Sec. 110. Advisory Committee on Risk-Shar-
ing Mechanisms. 
Sec. 111. Reporting of terrorism insurance 
data. 
Sec. 112. Annual study of small insurer mar-
ket competitiveness. 
TITLE II—NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF 
REGISTERED AGENTS AND BROKERS REFORM 
Sec. 201. Short title. 
Sec. 202. Reestablishment of the National 
Association of Registered Agents and Brokers. 
TITLE III—BUSINESS RISK MITIGATION 
AND PRICE STABILIZATION 
Sec. 301. Short title. 
Sec. 302. Margin requirements. Sec. 303. Implementation. 
TITLE I—EXTENSION OF TERRORISM 
INSURANCE PROGRAM 
SEC. 101. EXTENSION OF TERRORISM INSURANCE 
PROGRAM. 
Section 108(a) of the Terrorism Risk Insur-
ance Act of 2002 (15 U.S.C. 6701 note) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2020’’. 
SEC. 102. FEDERAL SHARE. 
Section 103(e)(1)(A) of the Terrorism Risk 
Insurance Act of 2002 (15 U.S.C. 6701 note) is amended by inserting ‘‘and beginning on January 1, 2016, shall decrease by 1 percent-age point per calendar year until equal to 80 percent’’ after ‘‘85 percent’’. 
SEC. 103. PROGRAM TRIGGER. 
Subparagraph (B) of section 103(e)(1) (15 
U.S.C. 6701 note) is amended in the matter preceding clause (i)— 
(1) by striking ‘‘a certified act’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘certified acts’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘such certified act’’ and in-
serting ‘‘such certified acts’’; and (3) by striking ‘‘exceed’’ and all that fol-
lows through clause (ii) and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘exceed— 
‘‘(i) $100,000,000, with respect to such in-
sured losses occurring in calendar year 2015; 
‘‘(ii) $120,000,000, with respect to such in-
sured losses occurring in calendar year 2016; 
‘‘(iii) $140,000,000, with respect to such in-
sured losses occurring in calendar year 2017; 
‘‘(iv) $160,000,000, with respect to such in-
sured losses occurring in calendar year 2018; 
‘‘(v) $180,000,000, with respect to such in-
sured losses occurring in calendar year 2019; and 
‘‘(vi) $200,000,000, with respect to such in-
sured losses occurring in calendar year 2020 and any calendar year thereafter.’’. 
SEC. 104. RECOUPMENT OF FEDERAL SHARE OF 
COMPENSATION UNDER THE PRO-GRAM. 
Section 103(e) of the Terrorism Risk Insur-
ance Act of 2002 (15 U.S.C. 6701 note) is amended— 
(1) by amending paragraph (6) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(6) I
NSURANCE MARKETPLACE AGGREGATE  
RETENTION AMOUNT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—For purposes of para-
graph (7), the insurance marketplace aggre-gate retention amount shall be the lesser of— 
‘‘(i) $27,500,000,000, as such amount is re-
vised pursuant to this paragraph; and 
‘‘(ii) the aggregate amount, for all insur-
ers, of insured losses during such calendar year. 
‘‘(B) R
EVISION OF INSURANCE MARKETPLACE  
AGGREGATE RETENTION AMOUNT .— 
‘‘(i) P HASE -IN.—Beginning in the calendar 
year of enactment of the Terrorism Risk In-surance Program Reauthorization Act of 2015, the amount set forth under subpara-graph (A)(i) shall increase by $2,000,000,000 per calendar year until equal to $37,500,000,000. 
‘‘(ii) F
URTHER REVISION .—Beginning in the 
calendar year that follows the calendar year in which the amount set forth under sub-paragraph (A)(i) is equal to $37,500,000,000, the amount under subparagraph (A)(i) shall be revised to be the amount equal to the an-nual average of the sum of insurer deductibles for all insurers participating in the Program for the prior 3 calendar years, as such sum is determined by the Secretary under subparagraph (C). 
‘‘(C) R
ULEMAKING .—Not later than 3 years 
after the date of enactment of the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program Reauthorization Act of 2015, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(i) issue final rules for determining the 
amount of the sum described under subpara-graph (B)(ii); and 
‘‘(ii) provide a timeline for public notifica-
tion of such determination.’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (7)— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) in the matter preceding clause (i), by 
striking ‘‘for each of the periods referred to in subparagraphs (A) through (E) of para-graph (6)’’; and 
(ii) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘for such pe-
riod’’; 
(B) by striking subparagraph (B) and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(B) [Reserved.]’’; (C) in subparagraph (C)— (i) by striking ‘‘occurring during any of the 
periods referred to in any of subparagraphs (A) through (E) of paragraph (6), terrorism loss risk-spreading premiums in an amount equal to 133 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘, ter-rorism loss risk-spreading premiums in an amount equal to 140 percent’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘as calculated under sub-
paragraph (A)’’ after ‘‘mandatory recoupment amount’’; and 
(D) in subparagraph (E)(i)— (i) in subclause (I)— 
(I) by striking ‘‘2010’’ and inserting ‘‘2017’’; 
and 
(II) by striking ‘‘2012’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’; (ii) in subclause (II)— (I) by striking ‘‘2011’’ and inserting ‘‘2018’’; (II) by striking ‘‘2012’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’; 
and 
(III) by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting 
‘‘2024’’; and 
(iii) in subclause (III)— (I) by striking ‘‘2012’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’; 
and 
(II) by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2024’’. 
SEC. 105. CERTIFICATION OF ACTS OF TER-
RORISM; CONSULTATION WITH SEC-RETARY OF HOMELAND SECURITY. 
Paragraph (1)(A) of section 102 (15 U.S.C. 
6701 note) is amended in the matter pre-ceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘concurrence with the Secretary of State’’ and inserting ‘‘consultation with the Secretary of Home-land Security’’. 
SEC. 106. TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS. 
The Terrorism Risk Insurance Act of 2002 
(15 U.S.C. 6701 note) is amended— 
(1) in section 102— (A) in paragraph (3)— (i) by redesignating subparagraphs (A), (B), 
and (C) as clauses (i), (ii), and (iii), respec-tively; 
(ii) in the matter preceding clause (i) (as so 
redesignated), by striking ‘‘An entity has’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—An entity has’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(B) R ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—An entity, 
including any affiliate thereof, does not have ‘control’ over another entity, if, as of the date of enactment of the Terrorism Risk In-surance Program Reauthorization Act of 2015, the entity is acting as an attorney-in- fact, as defined by the Secretary, for the other entity and such other entity is a recip-rocal insurer, provided that the entity is not, for reasons other than the attorney-in-fact relationship, defined as having ‘control’ under subparagraph (A).’’; 
(B) in paragraph (7)— (i) by striking subparagraphs (A) through 
(F) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(A) the value of an insurer’s direct earned 
premiums during the immediately preceding calendar year, multiplied by 20 percent; and’’; 
(ii) by redesignating subparagraph (G) as 
subparagraph (B); and 
(iii) in subparagraph (B), as so redesignated 
by clause (ii)— 
(I) by striking ‘‘notwithstanding subpara-
graphs (A) through (F), for the Transition Period or any Program Year’’ and inserting ‘‘notwithstanding subparagraph (A), for any calendar year’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘Period or Program Year’’ 
and inserting ‘‘calendar year’’; 
(C) by striking paragraph (11); and (D) by redesignating paragraphs (12) 
through (16) as paragraphs (11) through (15), respectively; and 
(2) in section 103— (A) in subsection (b)(2)— (i) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘, pur-
chase,’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘, pur-
chase,’’; 
(B) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘Program 
Year’’ and inserting ‘‘calendar year’’; 
(C) in subsection (e)— (i) in paragraph (1)(A), as previously 
amended by section 102— 
(I) by striking ‘‘the Transition Period and 
each Program Year through Program Year 4 shall be equal to 90 percent, and during Pro-gram Year 5 and each Program Year there-after’’ and inserting ‘‘each calendar year’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:07 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.014 H07JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H60 January 7, 2015 
(II) by striking the comma after ‘‘80 per-
cent’’; and 
(III) by striking ‘‘such Transition Period or 
such Program Year’’ and inserting ‘‘such cal-endar year’’; 
(ii) in paragraph (2)(A), by striking ‘‘the 
period beginning on the first day of the Transition Period and ending on the last day of Program Year 1, or during any Program Year thereafter’’ and inserting ‘‘a calendar year’’; and 
(iii) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘the pe-
riod beginning on the first day of the Transi-tion Period and ending on the last day of Program Year 1, or during any other Pro-gram Year’’ and inserting ‘‘any calendar year’’; and 
(D) in subsection (g)(2)— (i) by striking ‘‘the Transition Period or a 
Program Year’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘the calendar year’’; 
(ii) by striking ‘‘such period’’ and inserting 
‘‘the calendar year’’; and 
(iii) by striking ‘‘that period’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘the calendar year’’. 
SEC. 107. IMPROVING THE CERTIFICATION PROC-
ESS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—As used in this section— 
(1) the term ‘‘act of terrorism’’ has the 
same meaning as in section 102(1) of the Ter-rorism Risk Insurance Act of 2002 (15 U.S.C. 6701 note); 
(2) the term ‘‘certification process’’ means 
the process by which the Secretary deter-mines whether to certify an act as an act of terrorism under section 102(1) of the Ter-rorism Risk Insurance Act of 2002 (15 U.S.C. 6701 note); and 
(3) the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Sec-
retary of the Treasury. 
(b) S
TUDY .—Not later than 9 months after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall conduct and complete a study on the certification process. 
(c) R
EQUIRED CONTENT .—The study required 
under subsection (a) shall include an exam-ination and analysis of— 
(1) the establishment of a reasonable 
timeline by which the Secretary must make an accurate determination on whether to certify an act as an act of terrorism; 
(2) the impact that the length of any 
timeline proposed to be established under paragraph (1) may have on the insurance in-dustry, policyholders, consumers, and tax-payers as a whole; 
(3) the factors the Secretary would evalu-
ate and monitor during the certification process, including the ability of the Sec-retary to obtain the required information re-garding the amount of projected and in-curred losses resulting from an act which the Secretary would need in determining wheth-er to certify the act as an act of terrorism; 
(4) the appropriateness, efficiency, and ef-
fectiveness of the consultation process re-quired under section 102(1)(A) of the Ter-rorism Risk Insurance Act of 2002 (15 U.S.C. 6701 note) and any recommendations on changes to the consultation process; and 
(5) the ability of the Secretary to provide 
guidance and updates to the public regarding any act that may reasonably be certified as an act of terrorism. 
(d) R
EPORT .—Upon completion of the study 
required under subsection (a), the Secretary shall submit a report on the results of such study to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the 
Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives. 
(e) R
ULEMAKING .—Section 102(1) of the Ter-
rorism Risk Insurance Act of 2002 (15 U.S.C. 6701 note) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subparagraph (D) as 
subparagraph (E); and 
(2) by inserting after subparagraph (C) the 
following: ‘‘(D) T
IMING OF CERTIFICATION .—Not later 
than 9 months after the report required under section 107 of the Terrorism Risk In-surance Program Reauthorization Act of 2015 is submitted to the appropriate committees of Congress, the Secretary shall issue final rules governing the certification process, in-cluding establishing a timeline for which an act is eligible for certification by the Sec-retary on whether an act is an act of ter-rorism under this paragraph.’’. 
SEC. 108. GAO STUDY. 
(a) S TUDY .—Not later than 2 years after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall complete a study on the viability and effects of the Federal Government— 
(1) assessing and collecting upfront pre-
miums on insurers that participate in the Terrorism Insurance Program established under the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act of 2002 (15 U.S.C. 6701 note) (hereafter in this section referred to as the ‘‘Program’’), which shall include a comparison of practices in international markets to assess and collect premiums either before or after terrorism losses are incurred; and 
(2) creating a capital reserve fund under 
the Program and requiring insurers partici-pating in the Program to dedicate capital specifically for terrorism losses before such losses are incurred, which shall include a comparison of practices in international markets to establish reserve funds. 
(b) R
EQUIRED CONTENT .—The study re-
quired under subsection (a) shall examine, but shall not be limited to, the following issues: 
(1) U
PFRONT PREMIUMS .—With respect to 
upfront premiums described in subsection (a)(1)— 
(A) how the Federal Government could de-
termine the price of such upfront premiums on insurers that participate in the Program; 
(B) how the Federal Government could col-
lect and manage such upfront premiums; 
(C) how the Federal Government could en-
sure that such upfront premiums are not spent for purposes other than claims through the Program; 
(D) how the assessment and collection of 
such upfront premiums could affect take-up rates for terrorism risk coverage in different 
regions and industries and how it could im-pact small businesses and consumers in both metropolitan and non-metropolitan areas; 
(E) the effect of collecting such upfront 
premiums on insurers both large and small; 
(F) the effect of collecting such upfront 
premiums on the private market for ter-rorism risk reinsurance; and 
(G) the size of any Federal Government 
subsidy insurers may receive through their participation in the Program, taking into ac-count the Program’s current post-event recoupment structure. 
(2) C
APITAL RESERVE FUND .—With respect 
to the capital reserve fund described in sub-section (a)(2)— 
(A) how the creation of a capital reserve 
fund would affect the Federal Government’s fiscal exposure under the Terrorism Risk In-surance Program and the ability of the Pro-gram to meet its statutory purposes; 
(B) how a capital reserve fund would im-
pact insurers and reinsurers, including li-quidity, insurance pricing, and capacity to provide terrorism risk coverage; 
(C) the feasibility of segregating funds at-
tributable to terrorism risk from funds at-tributable to other insurance lines; 
(D) how a capital reserve fund would be 
viewed and treated under current Financial Accounting Standards Board accounting rules and the tax laws; and 
(E) how a capital reserve fund would affect 
the States’ ability to regulate insurers par-ticipating in the Program. (3) I
NTERNATIONAL PRACTICES .—With re-
spect to international markets referred to in paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (a), how other countries, if any— 
(A) have established terrorism insurance 
structures; 
(B) charge premiums or otherwise collect 
funds to pay for the costs of terrorism insur-ance structures, including risk and adminis-trative costs; and 
(C) have established capital reserve funds 
to pay for the costs of terrorism insurance structures. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Upon completion of the study 
required under subsection (a), the Comp-troller General shall submit a report on the results of such study to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives. 
(d) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The study and 
report required under this section shall be made available to the public in electronic form and shall be published on the website of the Government Accountability Office. 
SEC. 109. MEMBERSHIP OF BOARD OF GOV-
ERNORS OF THE FEDERAL RESERVE SYSTEM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The first undesignated 
paragraph of section 10 of the Federal Re-serve Act (12 U.S.C. 241) is amended by in-serting after the second sentence the fol-lowing: ‘‘In selecting members of the Board, the President shall appoint at least 1 mem-ber with demonstrated primary experience working in or supervising community banks having less than $10,000,000,000 in total as-sets.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by this section shall take effect on the date of enactment of this Act and apply to appointments made on and after that effec-tive date, excluding any nomination pending in the Senate on that date. 
SEC. 110. ADVISORY COMMITTEE ON RISK-SHAR-
ING MECHANISMS. 
(a) F INDING ; RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .— 
(1) F INDING .—Congress finds that it is de-
sirable to encourage the growth of non-governmental, private market reinsurance capacity for protection against losses arising from acts of terrorism. 
(2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
Act, any amendment made by this Act, or the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act of 2002 (15 U.S.C. 6701 note) shall prohibit insurers from developing risk-sharing mechanisms to vol-untarily reinsure terrorism losses between and among themselves. 
(b) A
DVISORY COMMITTEE ON RISK-SHARING  
MECHANISMS .— 
(1) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary of the 
Treasury shall establish and appoint an advi-sory committee to be known as the ‘‘Advi-sory Committee on Risk-Sharing Mecha-nisms’’ (referred to in this subsection as the ‘‘Advisory Committee’’). 
(2) D
UTIES .—The Advisory Committee shall 
provide advice, recommendations, and en-couragement with respect to the creation and development of the nongovernmental risk-sharing mechanisms described under subsection (a). 
(3) M
EMBERSHIP .—The Advisory Committee 
shall be composed of 9 members who are di-rectors, officers, or other employees of insur-ers, reinsurers, or capital market partici-pants that are participating or that desire to participate in the nongovernmental risk- sharing mechanisms described under sub-section (a), and who are representative of the affected sectors of the insurance industry, including commercial property insurance, commercial casualty insurance, reinsurance, and alternative risk transfer industries. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:07 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JA7.004 H07JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H61 January 7, 2015 
SEC. 111. REPORTING OF TERRORISM INSUR-
ANCE DATA. 
Section 104 (15 U.S.C. 6701 note) is amended 
by adding at the end the following new sub-section: 
‘‘(h) R
EPORTING OF TERRORISM INSURANCE  
DATA.— 
‘‘(1) A UTHORITY .—During the calendar year 
beginning on January 1, 2016, and in each cal-endar year thereafter, the Secretary shall re-quire insurers participating in the Program to submit to the Secretary such information regarding insurance coverage for terrorism losses of such insurers as the Secretary con-siders appropriate to analyze the effective-ness of the Program, which shall include in-formation regarding— 
‘‘(A) lines of insurance with exposure to 
such losses; 
‘‘(B) premiums earned on such coverage; ‘‘(C) geographical location of exposures; ‘‘(D) pricing of such coverage; ‘‘(E) the take-up rate for such coverage; ‘‘(F) the amount of private reinsurance for 
acts of terrorism purchased; and 
‘‘(G) such other matters as the Secretary 
considers appropriate. 
‘‘(2) R
EPORTS .—Not later than June 30, 
2016, and every other June 30 thereafter, the Secretary shall submit a report to the Com-mittee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate that includes— 
‘‘(A) an analysis of the overall effective-
ness of the Program; 
‘‘(B) an evaluation of any changes or 
trends in the data collected under paragraph (1); 
‘‘(C) an evaluation of whether any aspects 
of the Program have the effect of discour-aging or impeding insurers from providing commercial property casualty insurance cov-erage or coverage for acts of terrorism; 
‘‘(D) an evaluation of the impact of the 
Program on workers’ compensation insurers; and 
‘‘(E) in the case of the data reported in 
paragraph (1)(B), an updated estimate of the total amount earned since January 1, 2003. 
‘‘(3) P
ROTECTION OF DATA .—To the extent 
possible, the Secretary shall contract with an insurance statistical aggregator to collect the information described in paragraph (1), which shall keep any nonpublic information confidential and provide it to the Secretary in an aggregate form or in such other form or manner that does not permit identifica-tion of the insurer submitting such informa-tion. 
‘‘(4) A
DVANCE COORDINATION .—Before col-
lecting any data or information under para-graph (1) from an insurer, or affiliate of an insurer, the Secretary shall coordinate with the appropriate State insurance regulatory authorities and any relevant government agency or publicly available sources to de-termine if the information to be collected is available from, and may be obtained in a timely manner by, individually or collec-tively, such entities. If the Secretary deter-mines that such data or information is avail-able, and may be obtained in a timely mat-ter, from such entities, the Secretary shall obtain the data or information from such en-tities. If the Secretary determines that such data or information is not so available, the Secretary may collect such data or informa-tion from an insurer and affiliates. 
‘‘(5) C
ONFIDENTIALITY .— 
‘‘(A) R ETENTION OF PRIVILEGE .—The sub-
mission of any non-publicly available data and information to the Secretary and the sharing of any non-publicly available data with or by the Secretary among other Fed-eral agencies, the State insurance regulatory authorities, or any other entities under this subsection shall not constitute a waiver of, or otherwise affect, any privilege arising 
under Federal or State law (including the rules of any Federal or State court) to which the data or information is otherwise subject. 
‘‘(B) C
ONTINUED APPLICATION OF PRIOR CON -
FIDENTIALITY AGREEMENTS .—Any require-
ment under Federal or State law to the ex-tent otherwise applicable, or any require-ment pursuant to a written agreement in ef-fect between the original source of any non- publicly available data or information and the source of such data or information to the Secretary, regarding the privacy or confiden-tiality of any data or information in the pos-session of the source to the Secretary, shall continue to apply to such data or informa-tion after the data or information has been provided pursuant to this subsection. 
‘‘(C) I
NFORMATION -SHARING AGREEMENT .— 
Any data or information obtained by the Secretary under this subsection may be made available to State insurance regu-latory authorities, individually or collec-tively through an information-sharing agree-ment that— 
‘‘(i) shall comply with applicable Federal 
law; and 
‘‘(ii) shall not constitute a waiver of, or 
otherwise affect, any privilege under Federal or State law (including any privilege re-ferred to in subparagraph (A) and the rules of any Federal or State court) to which the data or information is otherwise subject. 
‘‘(D) A
GENCY DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS .— 
Section 552 of title 5, United States Code, in-cluding any exceptions thereunder, shall apply to any data or information submitted under this subsection to the Secretary by an insurer or affiliate of an insurer.’’. 
SEC. 112. ANNUAL STUDY OF SMALL INSURER 
MARKET COMPETITIVENESS. 
Section 108 (15 U.S.C. 6701 note) is amended 
by adding at the end the following new sub-section: 
‘‘(h) S
TUDY OF SMALL INSURER MARKET  
COMPETITIVENESS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than June 30, 
2017, and every other June 30 thereafter, the Secretary shall conduct a study of small in-surers (as such term is defined by regulation by the Secretary) participating in the Pro-gram, and identify any competitive chal-lenges small insurers face in the terrorism risk insurance marketplace, including— 
‘‘(A) changes to the market share, pre-
mium volume, and policyholder surplus of small insurers relative to large insurers; 
‘‘(B) how the property and casualty insur-
ance market for terrorism risk differs be-tween small and large insurers, and whether such a difference exists within other perils; 
‘‘(C) the impact of the Program’s manda-
tory availability requirement under section 103(c) on small insurers; 
‘‘(D) the effect of increasing the trigger 
amount for the Program under section 103(e)(1)(B) on small insurers; 
‘‘(E) the availability and cost of private re-
insurance for small insurers; and 
‘‘(F) the impact that State workers com-
pensation laws have on small insurers and workers compensation carriers in the ter-rorism risk insurance marketplace. 
‘‘(2) R
EPORT .—The Secretary shall submit 
a report to the Congress setting forth the findings and conclusions of each study re-quired under paragraph (1).’’. 
TITLE II—NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF 
REGISTERED AGENTS AND BROKERS REFORM 
SEC. 201. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘National 
Association of Registered Agents and Bro-kers Reform Act of 2015’’. SEC. 202. REESTABLISHMENT OF THE NATIONAL 
ASSOCIATION OF REGISTERED AGENTS AND BROKERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle C of title III of 
the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (15 U.S.C. 6751 et seq.) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘Subtitle C—National Association of 
Registered Agents and Brokers 
‘‘SEC. 321. NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF REG-
ISTERED AGENTS AND BROKERS. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established 
the National Association of Registered Agents and Brokers (referred to in this sub-title as the ‘Association’). 
‘‘(b) S
TATUS .—The Association shall— 
‘‘(1) be a nonprofit corporation; ‘‘(2) not be an agent or instrumentality of 
the Federal Government; 
‘‘(3) be an independent organization that 
may not be merged with or into any other private or public entity; and 
‘‘(4) except as otherwise provided in this 
subtitle, be subject to, and have all the pow-ers conferred upon, a nonprofit corporation by the District of Columbia Nonprofit Cor-poration Act (D.C. Code, sec. 29–301.01 et seq.) or any successor thereto. 
‘‘SEC. 322. PURPOSE. 
‘‘The purpose of the Association shall be to 
provide a mechanism through which licens-ing, continuing education, and other non-resident insurance producer qualification re-quirements and conditions may be adopted and applied on a multi-state basis without affecting the laws, rules, and regulations, and preserving the rights of a State, per-taining to— 
‘‘(1) licensing, continuing education, and 
other qualification requirements of insur-ance producers that are not members of the Association; 
‘‘(2) resident or nonresident insurance pro-
ducer appointment requirements; 
‘‘(3) supervising and disciplining resident 
and nonresident insurance producers; 
‘‘(4) establishing licensing fees for resident 
and nonresident insurance producers so that there is no loss of insurance producer licens-ing revenue to the State; and 
‘‘(5) prescribing and enforcing laws and 
regulations regulating the conduct of resi-dent and nonresident insurance producers. 
‘‘SEC. 323. MEMBERSHIP. 
‘‘(a) E LIGIBILITY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Any insurance producer 
licensed in its home State shall, subject to paragraphs (2) and (4), be eligible to become a member of the Association. 
‘‘(2) I
NELIGIBILITY FOR SUSPENSION OR REV -
OCATION OF LICENSE .—Subject to paragraph 
(3), an insurance producer is not eligible to become a member of the Association if a State insurance regulator has suspended or revoked the insurance license of the insur-ance producer in that State. 
‘‘(3) R
ESUMPTION OF ELIGIBILITY .—Para-
graph (2) shall cease to apply to any insur-ance producer if— 
‘‘(A) the State insurance regulator reissues 
or renews the license of the insurance pro-ducer in the State in which the license was suspended or revoked, or otherwise termi-nates or vacates the suspension or revoca-tion; or 
‘‘(B) the suspension or revocation expires 
or is subsequently overturned by a court of competent jurisdiction. 
‘‘(4) C
RIMINAL HISTORY RECORD CHECK RE -
QUIRED .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—An insurance producer 
who is an individual shall not be eligible to become a member of the Association unless the insurance producer has undergone a criminal history record check that complies with regulations prescribed by the Attorney General of the United States under subpara-graph (K). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:07 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JA7.004 H07JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H62 January 7, 2015 
‘‘(B) C RIMINAL HISTORY RECORD CHECK RE -
QUESTED BY HOME STATE .—An insurance pro-
ducer who is licensed in a State and who has undergone a criminal history record check during the 2-year period preceding the date of submission of an application to become a member of the Association, in compliance with a requirement to undergo such criminal history record check as a condition for such licensure in the State, shall be deemed to have undergone a criminal history record check for purposes of subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(C) C
RIMINAL HISTORY RECORD CHECK RE -
QUESTED BY ASSOCIATION .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The Association shall, 
upon request by an insurance producer li-censed in a State, submit fingerprints or other identification information obtained from the insurance producer, and a request for a criminal history record check of the in-surance producer, to the Federal Bureau of Investigation. 
‘‘(ii) P
ROCEDURES .—The board of directors 
of the Association (referred to in this sub-title as the ‘Board’) shall prescribe proce-dures for obtaining and utilizing fingerprints or other identification information and criminal history record information, includ-ing the establishment of reasonable fees to defray the expenses of the Association in connection with the performance of a crimi-nal history record check and appropriate safeguards for maintaining confidentiality and security of the information. Any fees charged pursuant to this clause shall be sep-arate and distinct from those charged by the Attorney General pursuant to subparagraph (I). 
‘‘(D) F
ORM OF REQUEST .—A submission 
under subparagraph (C)(i) shall include such fingerprints or other identification informa-tion as is required by the Attorney General concerning the person about whom the criminal history record check is requested, and a statement signed by the person au-thorizing the Attorney General to provide the information to the Association and for the Association to receive the information. 
‘‘(E) P
ROVISION OF INFORMATION BY ATTOR -
NEY GENERAL .—Upon receiving a submission 
under subparagraph (C)(i) from the Associa-tion, the Attorney General shall search all criminal history records of the Federal Bu-reau of Investigation, including records of the Criminal Justice Information Services Division of the Federal Bureau of Investiga-tion, that the Attorney General determines appropriate for criminal history records cor-responding to the fingerprints or other iden-tification information provided under sub-paragraph (D) and provide all criminal his-
tory record information included in the re-quest to the Association. 
‘‘(F) L
IMITATION ON PERMISSIBLE USES OF IN -
FORMATION .—Any information provided to 
the Association under subparagraph (E) may only— 
‘‘(i) be used for purposes of determining 
compliance with membership criteria estab-lished by the Association; 
‘‘(ii) be disclosed to State insurance regu-
lators, or Federal or State law enforcement agencies, in conformance with applicable law; or 
‘‘(iii) be disclosed, upon request, to the in-
surance producer to whom the criminal his-tory record information relates. 
‘‘(G) P
ENALTY FOR IMPROPER USE OR DISCLO -
SURE .—Whoever knowingly uses any infor-
mation provided under subparagraph (E) for a purpose not authorized in subparagraph (F), or discloses any such information to anyone not authorized to receive it, shall be fined not more than $50,000 per violation as determined by a court of competent jurisdic-tion. 
‘‘(H) R
ELIANCE ON INFORMATION .—Neither 
the Association nor any of its Board mem-bers, officers, or employees shall be liable in 
any action for using information provided under subparagraph (E) as permitted under subparagraph (F) in good faith and in reason-able reliance on its accuracy. 
‘‘(I) F
EES.—The Attorney General may 
charge a reasonable fee for conducting the search and providing the information under subparagraph (E), and any such fee shall be collected and remitted by the Association to the Attorney General. 
‘‘(J) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this paragraph shall be construed as— 
‘‘(i) requiring a State insurance regulator 
to perform criminal history record checks under this section; or 
‘‘(ii) limiting any other authority that al-
lows access to criminal history records. 
‘‘(K) R
EGULATIONS .—The Attorney General 
shall prescribe regulations to carry out this paragraph, which shall include— 
‘‘(i) appropriate protections for ensuring 
the confidentiality of information provided under subparagraph (E); and 
‘‘(ii) procedures providing a reasonable op-
portunity for an insurance producer to con-test the accuracy of information regarding the insurance producer provided under sub-paragraph (E). 
‘‘(L) I
NELIGIBILITY FOR MEMBERSHIP .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The Association may, 
under reasonably consistently applied stand-ards, deny membership to an insurance pro-ducer on the basis of criminal history record information provided under subparagraph (E), or where the insurance producer has been subject to disciplinary action, as de-scribed in paragraph (2). 
‘‘(ii) R
IGHTS OF APPLICANTS DENIED MEM -
BERSHIP .—The Association shall notify any 
insurance producer who is denied member-ship on the basis of criminal history record information provided under subparagraph (E) of the right of the insurance producer to— 
‘‘(I) obtain a copy of all criminal history 
record information provided to the Associa-tion under subparagraph (E) with respect to the insurance producer; and 
‘‘(II) challenge the denial of membership 
based on the accuracy and completeness of the information. 
‘‘(M) D
EFINITION .—For purposes of this 
paragraph, the term ‘criminal history record check’ means a national background check of criminal history records of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. 
‘‘(b) A
UTHORITY TOESTABLISH MEMBERSHIP  
CRITERIA .—The Association may establish 
membership criteria that bear a reasonable relationship to the purposes for which the Association was established. 
‘‘(c) E
STABLISHMENT OF CLASSES AND CAT-
EGORIES OF MEMBERSHIP .— 
‘‘(1) C LASSES OF MEMBERSHIP .—The Asso-
ciation may establish separate classes of membership, with separate criteria, if the Association reasonably determines that per-formance of different duties requires dif-ferent levels of education, training, experi-ence, or other qualifications. 
‘‘(2) B
USINESS ENTITIES .—The Association 
shall establish a class of membership and membership criteria for business entities. A business entity that applies for membership shall be required to designate an individual Association member responsible for the com-pliance of the business entity with Associa-tion standards and the insurance laws, standards, and regulations of any State in which the business entity seeks to do busi-ness on the basis of Association membership. 
‘‘(3) C
ATEGORIES .— 
‘‘(A) S EPARATE CATEGORIES FOR INSURANCE  
PRODUCERS PERMITTED .—The Association 
may establish separate categories of mem-bership for insurance producers and for other persons or entities within each class, based on the types of licensing categories that 
exist under State laws. 
‘‘(B) S
EPARATE TREATMENT FOR DEPOSITORY  
INSTITUTIONS PROHIBITED .—No special cat-
egories of membership, and no distinct mem-bership criteria, shall be established for members that are depository institutions or for employees, agents, or affiliates of deposi-tory institutions. 
‘‘(d) M
EMBERSHIP CRITERIA .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Association may es-
tablish criteria for membership which shall include standards for personal qualifications, education, training, and experience. The As-sociation shall not establish criteria that un-fairly limit the ability of a small insurance producer to become a member of the Asso-ciation, including imposing discriminatory membership fees. 
‘‘(2) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—In establishing cri-
teria under paragraph (1), the Association shall not adopt any qualification less protec-tive to the public than that contained in the National Association of Insurance Commis-sioners (referred to in this subtitle as the ‘NAIC’) Producer Licensing Model Act in ef-fect as of the date of enactment of the Na-tional Association of Registered Agents and Brokers Reform Act of 2015, and shall con-sider the highest levels of insurance producer qualifications established under the licens-ing laws of the States. 
‘‘(3) A
SSISTANCE FROM STATES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Association may re-
quest a State to provide assistance in inves-tigating and evaluating the eligibility of a prospective member for membership in the Association. 
‘‘(B) A
UTHORIZATION OF INFORMATION SHAR -
ING.—A submission under subsection 
(a)(4)(C)(i) made by an insurance producer li-censed in a State shall include a statement signed by the person about whom the assist-ance is requested authorizing— 
‘‘(i) the State to share information with 
the Association; and 
‘‘(ii) the Association to receive the infor-
mation. 
‘‘(C) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Subpara-
graph (A) shall not be construed as requiring or authorizing any State to adopt new or ad-ditional requirements concerning the licens-ing or evaluation of insurance producers. 
‘‘(4) D
ENIAL OF MEMBERSHIP .—The Associa-
tion may, based on reasonably consistently applied standards, deny membership to any State-licensed insurance producer for failure to meet the membership criteria established by the Association. 
‘‘(e) E
FFECT OF MEMBERSHIP .— 
‘‘(1) A UTHORITY OF ASSOCIATION MEMBERS .— 
Membership in the Association shall— 
‘‘(A) authorize an insurance producer to 
sell, solicit, or negotiate insurance in any State for which the member pays the licens-ing fee set by the State for any line or lines of insurance specified in the home State li-cense of the insurance producer, and exercise all such incidental powers as shall be nec-essary to carry out such activities, including claims adjustments and settlement to the extent permissible under the laws of the State, risk management, employee benefits advice, retirement planning, and any other insurance-related consulting activities; 
‘‘(B) be the equivalent of a nonresident in-
surance producer license for purposes of au-thorizing the insurance producer to engage in the activities described in subparagraph (A) in any State where the member pays the licensing fee; and 
‘‘(C) be the equivalent of a nonresident in-
surance producer license for the purpose of subjecting an insurance producer to all laws, regulations, provisions or other action of any State concerning revocation, suspension, or other enforcement action related to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:07 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JA7.004 H07JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H63 January 7, 2015 
ability of a member to engage in any activ-
ity within the scope of authority granted under this subsection and to all State laws, regulations, provisions, and actions pre-served under paragraph (5). 
‘‘(2) V
IOLENT CRIME CONTROL AND LAW EN -
FORCEMENT ACT OF 1994 .—Nothing in this sub-
title shall be construed to alter, modify, or supercede any requirement established by section 1033 of title 18, United States Code. 
‘‘(3) A
GENT FOR REMITTING FEES .—The Asso-
ciation shall act as an agent for any member for purposes of remitting licensing fees to any State pursuant to paragraph (1). 
‘‘(4) N
OTIFICATION OF ACTION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Association shall 
notify the States (including State insurance regulators) and the NAIC when an insurance producer has satisfied the membership cri-teria of this section. The States (including State insurance regulators) shall have 10 business days after the date of the notifica-tion in order to provide the Association with evidence that the insurance producer does not satisfy the criteria for membership in the Association. 
‘‘(B) O
NGOING DISCLOSURES REQUIRED .—On 
an ongoing basis, the Association shall dis-close to the States (including State insur-ance regulators) and the NAIC a list of the States in which each member is authorized to operate. The Association shall imme-diately notify the States (including State in-surance regulators) and the NAIC when a member is newly authorized to operate in one or more States, or is no longer author-ized to operate in one or more States on the basis of Association membership. 
‘‘(5) P
RESERVATION OF CONSUMER PROTEC -
TION AND MARKET CONDUCT REGULATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—No provision of this sec-
tion shall be construed as altering or affect-ing the applicability or continuing effective-ness of any law, regulation, provision, or other action of any State, including those described in subparagraph (B), to the extent that the State law, regulation, provision, or other action is not inconsistent with the pro-visions of this subtitle related to market entry for nonresident insurance producers, and then only to the extent of the inconsist-ency. 
‘‘(B) P
RESERVED REGULATIONS .—The laws, 
regulations, provisions, or other actions of any State referred to in subparagraph (A) in-clude laws, regulations, provisions, or other actions that— 
‘‘(i) regulate market conduct, insurance 
producer conduct, or unfair trade practices; 
‘‘(ii) establish consumer protections; or ‘‘(iii) require insurance producers to be ap-
pointed by a licensed or authorized insurer. 
‘‘(f) B
IENNIAL RENEWAL .—Membership in 
the Association shall be renewed on a bien-nial basis. 
‘‘(g) C
ONTINUING EDUCATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Association shall es-
tablish, as a condition of membership, con-tinuing education requirements which shall be comparable to the continuing education requirements under the licensing laws of a majority of the States. 
‘‘(2) S
TATE CONTINUING EDUCATION REQUIRE -
MENTS .—A member may not be required to 
satisfy continuing education requirements imposed under the laws, regulations, provi-sions, or actions of any State other than the home State of the member. 
‘‘(3) R
ECIPROCITY .—The Association shall 
not require a member to satisfy continuing education requirements that are equivalent to any continuing education requirements of the home State of the member that have been satisfied by the member during the ap-plicable licensing period. 
‘‘(4) L
IMITATION ON THE ASSOCIATION .—The 
Association shall not directly or indirectly offer any continuing education courses for 
insurance producers. 
‘‘(h) P ROBATION , SUSPENSION AND REVOCA -
TION.— 
‘‘(1) D ISCIPLINARY ACTION .—The Association 
may place an insurance producer that is a member of the Association on probation or suspend or revoke the membership of the in-surance producer in the Association, or as-sess monetary fines or penalties, as the Asso-ciation determines to be appropriate, if— 
‘‘(A) the insurance producer fails to meet 
the applicable membership criteria or other standards established by the Association; 
‘‘(B) the insurance producer has been sub-
ject to disciplinary action pursuant to a final adjudicatory proceeding under the ju-risdiction of a State insurance regulator; 
‘‘(C) an insurance license held by the insur-
ance producer has been suspended or revoked by a State insurance regulator; or 
‘‘(D) the insurance producer has been con-
victed of a crime that would have resulted in the denial of membership pursuant to sub-section (a)(4)(L)(i) at the time of application, and the Association has received a copy of the final disposition from a court of com-petent jurisdiction. 
‘‘(2) V
IOLATIONS OF ASSOCIATION STAND -
ARDS .—The Association shall have the power 
to investigate alleged violations of Associa-tion standards. 
‘‘(3) R
EPORTING .—The Association shall im-
mediately notify the States (including State insurance regulators) and the NAIC when the 
membership of an insurance producer has been placed on probation or has been sus-pended, revoked, or otherwise terminated, or when the Association has assessed monetary fines or penalties. 
‘‘(i) C
ONSUMER COMPLAINTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Association shall— 
‘‘(A) refer any complaint against a member 
of the Association from a consumer relating to alleged misconduct or violations of State insurance laws to the State insurance regu-lator where the consumer resides and, when appropriate, to any additional State insur-ance regulator, as determined by standards adopted by the Association; and 
‘‘(B) make any related records and infor-
mation available to each State insurance regulator to whom the complaint is for-warded. 
‘‘(2) T
ELEPHONE AND OTHER ACCESS .—The 
Association shall maintain a toll-free num-ber for purposes of this subsection and, as practicable, other alternative means of com-munication with consumers, such as an Internet webpage. 
‘‘(3) F
INAL DISPOSITION OF INVESTIGATION .— 
State insurance regulators shall provide the Association with information regarding the final disposition of a complaint referred pur-suant to paragraph (1)(A), but nothing shall be construed to compel a State to release confidential investigation reports or other information protected by State law to the Association. 
‘‘(j) I
NFORMATION SHARING .—The Associa-
tion may— 
‘‘(1) share documents, materials, or other 
information, including confidential and priv-ileged documents, with a State, Federal, or international governmental entity or with the NAIC or other appropriate entity re-ferred to paragraphs (3) and (4), provided that the recipient has the authority and agrees to maintain the confidentiality or privileged status of the document, material, or other information; 
‘‘(2) limit the sharing of information as re-
quired under this subtitle with the NAIC or any other non-governmental entity, in cir-cumstances under which the Association de-termines that the sharing of such informa-tion is unnecessary to further the purposes of this subtitle; ‘‘(3) establish a central clearinghouse, or 
utilize the NAIC or another appropriate enti-ty, as determined by the Association, as a central clearinghouse, for use by the Asso-ciation and the States (including State in-surance regulators), through which members of the Association may disclose their intent to operate in 1 or more States and pay the li-censing fees to the appropriate States; and 
‘‘(4) establish a database, or utilize the 
NAIC or another appropriate entity, as de-termined by the Association, as a database, for use by the Association and the States (in-cluding State insurance regulators) for the collection of regulatory information con-cerning the activities of insurance producers. 
‘‘(k) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The provisions of 
this section shall take effect on the later of— 
‘‘(1) the expiration of the 2-year period be-
ginning on the date of enactment of the Na-tional Association of Registered Agents and Brokers Reform Act of 2015; and 
‘‘(2) the date of incorporation of the Asso-
ciation. 
‘‘SEC. 324. BOARD OF DIRECTORS. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established 
a board of directors of the Association, which shall have authority to govern and su-pervise all activities of the Association. 
‘‘(b) P
OWERS .—The Board shall have such 
of the powers and authority of the Associa-tion as may be specified in the bylaws of the Association. 
‘‘(c) C
OMPOSITION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Board shall consist 
of 13 members who shall be appointed by the President, by and with the advice and con-sent of the Senate, in accordance with the procedures established under Senate Resolu-tion 116 of the 112th Congress, of whom— 
‘‘(A) 8 shall be State insurance commis-
sioners appointed in the manner provided in paragraph (2), 1 of whom shall be designated by the President to serve as the chairperson of the Board until the Board elects one such State insurance commissioner Board mem-ber to serve as the chairperson of the Board; 
‘‘(B) 3 shall have demonstrated expertise 
and experience with property and casualty insurance producer licensing; and 
‘‘(C) 2 shall have demonstrated expertise 
and experience with life or health insurance producer licensing. 
‘‘(2) S
TATE INSURANCE REGULATOR REP -
RESENTATIVES .— 
‘‘(A) R ECOMMENDATIONS .—Before making 
any appointments pursuant to paragraph (1)(A), the President shall request a list of recommended candidates from the States through the NAIC, which shall not be bind-ing on the President. If the NAIC fails to submit a list of recommendations not later than 15 business days after the date of the re-quest, the President may make the requisite appointments without considering the views of the NAIC. 
‘‘(B) P
OLITICAL AFFILIATION .—Not more 
than 4 Board members appointed under para-graph (1)(A) shall belong to the same polit-ical party. 
‘‘(C) F
ORMER STATE INSURANCE COMMIS -
SIONERS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—If, after offering each 
currently serving State insurance commis-sioner an appointment to the Board, fewer than 8 State insurance commissioners have accepted appointment to the Board, the President may appoint the remaining State insurance commissioner Board members, as required under paragraph (1)(A), of the ap-propriate political party as required under subparagraph (B), from among individuals who are former State insurance commis-sioners. 
‘‘(ii) L
IMITATION .—A former State insur-
ance commissioner appointed as described in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:07 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JA7.004 H07JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H64 January 7, 2015 
clause (i) may not be employed by or have 
any present direct or indirect financial in-terest in any insurer, insurance producer, or other entity in the insurance industry, other than direct or indirect ownership of, or bene-ficial interest in, an insurance policy or an-nuity contract written or sold by an insurer. 
‘‘(D) S
ERVICE THROUGH TERM .—If a Board 
member appointed under paragraph (1)(A) ceases to be a State insurance commissioner during the term of the Board member, the Board member shall cease to be a Board member. 
‘‘(3) P
RIVATE SECTOR REPRESENTATIVES .—In 
making any appointment pursuant to sub-paragraph (B) or (C) of paragraph (1), the President may seek recommendations for candidates from groups representing the cat-egory of individuals described, which shall not be binding on the President. 
‘‘(4) S
TATE INSURANCE COMMISSIONER DE -
FINED .—For purposes of this subsection, the 
term ‘State insurance commissioner’ means a person who serves in the position in State government, or on the board, commission, or other body that is the primary insurance regulatory authority for the State. 
‘‘(d) T
ERMS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided under 
paragraph (2), the term of service for each Board member shall be 2 years. 
‘‘(2) E
XCEPTIONS .— 
‘‘(A) 1- YEAR TERMS .—The term of service 
shall be 1 year, as designated by the Presi-dent at the time of the nomination of the subject Board members for— 
‘‘(i) 4 of the State insurance commissioner 
Board members initially appointed under paragraph (1)(A), of whom not more than 2 shall belong to the same political party; 
‘‘(ii) 1 of the Board members initially ap-
pointed under paragraph (1)(B); and 
‘‘(iii) 1 of the Board members initially ap-
pointed under paragraph (1)(C). 
‘‘(B) E
XPIRATION OF TERM .—A Board mem-
ber may continue to serve after the expira-tion of the term to which the Board member was appointed for the earlier of 2 years or until a successor is appointed. 
‘‘(C) M
ID-TERM APPOINTMENTS .—A Board 
member appointed to fill a vacancy occur-ring before the expiration of the term for which the predecessor of the Board member was appointed shall be appointed only for the remainder of that term. 
‘‘(3) S
UCCESSIVE TERMS .—Board members 
may be reappointed to successive terms. 
‘‘(e) I NITIAL APPOINTMENTS .—The appoint-
ment of initial Board members shall be made no later than 90 days after the date of enact-ment of the National Association of Reg-istered Agents and Brokers Reform Act of 2015. 
‘‘(f) M
EETINGS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Board shall meet— 
‘‘(A) at the call of the chairperson; ‘‘(B) as requested in writing to the chair-
person by not fewer than 5 Board members; or 
‘‘(C) as otherwise provided by the bylaws of 
the Association. 
‘‘(2) Q
UORUM REQUIRED .—A majority of all 
Board members shall constitute a quorum. 
‘‘(3) V OTING .—Decisions of the Board shall 
require the approval of a majority of all Board members present at a meeting, a quorum being present. 
‘‘(4) I
NITIAL MEETING .—The Board shall 
hold its first meeting not later than 45 days after the date on which all initial Board members have been appointed. 
‘‘(g) R
ESTRICTION ON CONFIDENTIAL INFOR -
MATION .—Board members appointed pursuant 
to subparagraphs (B) and (C) of subsection (c)(1) shall not have access to confidential information received by the Association in connection with complaints, investigations, or disciplinary proceedings involving insur-
ance producers. 
‘‘(h) E
THICS AND CONFLICTS OF INTEREST .— 
The Board shall issue and enforce an ethical conduct code to address permissible and pro-hibited activities of Board members and As-sociation officers, employees, agents, or con-sultants. The code shall, at a minimum, in-clude provisions that prohibit any Board member or Association officer, employee, agent or consultant from— 
‘‘(1) engaging in unethical conduct in the 
course of performing Association duties; 
‘‘(2) participating in the making or influ-
encing the making of any Association deci-sion, the outcome of which the Board mem-ber, officer, employee, agent, or consultant knows or had reason to know would have a reasonably foreseeable material financial ef-
fect, distinguishable from its effect on the public generally, on the person or a member of the immediate family of the person; 
‘‘(3) accepting any gift from any person or 
entity other than the Association that is given because of the position held by the per-son in the Association; 
‘‘(4) making political contributions to any 
person or entity on behalf of the Association; and 
‘‘(5) lobbying or paying a person to lobby 
on behalf of the Association. 
‘‘(i) C
OMPENSATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), no Board member may receive any compensation from the Association or any other person or entity on account of Board membership. 
‘‘(2) T
RAVEL EXPENSES AND PER DIEM .— 
Board members may be reimbursed only by the Association for travel expenses, includ-ing per diem in lieu of subsistence, at rates consistent with rates authorized for employ-ees of Federal agencies under subchapter I of chapter 57 of title 5, United States Code, while away from home or regular places of business in performance of services for the Association. 
‘‘SEC. 325. BYLAWS, STANDARDS, AND DISCIPLI-
NARY ACTIONS. 
‘‘(a) A DOPTION AND AMENDMENT OF BYLAWS  
ANDSTANDARDS .— 
‘‘(1) P ROCEDURES .—The Association shall 
adopt procedures for the adoption of bylaws and standards that are similar to procedures under subchapter II of chapter 5 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘Administrative Procedure Act’). 
‘‘(2) C
OPY REQUIRED TO BE FILED .—The 
Board shall submit to the President, through the Department of the Treasury, and the States (including State insurance regu-lators), and shall publish on the website of the Association, all proposed bylaws and standards of the Association, or any pro-posed amendment to the bylaws or standards of the Association, accompanied by a concise general statement of the basis and purpose of such proposal. 
‘‘(3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—Any proposed bylaw 
or standard of the Association, and any pro-posed amendment to the bylaws or standards of the Association, shall take effect, after notice under paragraph (2) and opportunity for public comment, on such date as the As-sociation may designate, unless suspended under section 329(c). 
‘‘(4) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed to subject the Board or the Association to the require-ments of subchapter II of chapter 5 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘Administrative Procedure Act’). 
‘‘(b) D
ISCIPLINARY ACTION BY THE ASSOCIA -
TION.— 
‘‘(1) S PECIFICATION OF CHARGES .—In any 
proceeding to determine whether member-ship shall be denied, suspended, revoked, or not renewed, or to determine whether a member of the Association should be placed 
on probation (referred to in this section as a ‘disciplinary action’) or whether to assess fines or monetary penalties, the Association shall bring specific charges, notify the mem-ber of the charges, give the member an op-portunity to defend against the charges, and keep a record. 
‘‘(2) S
UPPORTING STATEMENT .—A deter-
mination to take disciplinary action shall be supported by a statement setting forth— 
‘‘(A) any act or practice in which the mem-
ber has been found to have been engaged; 
‘‘(B) the specific provision of this subtitle 
or standard of the Association that any such act or practice is deemed to violate; and 
‘‘(C) the sanction imposed and the reason 
for the sanction. 
‘‘(3) I
NELIGIBILITY OF PRIVATE SECTOR REP -
RESENTATIVES .—Board members appointed 
pursuant to section 324(c)(3) may not— 
‘‘(A) participate in any disciplinary action 
or be counted toward establishing a quorum during a disciplinary action; and 
‘‘(B) have access to confidential informa-
tion concerning any disciplinary action. 
‘‘SEC. 326. POWERS. 
‘‘In addition to all the powers conferred 
upon a nonprofit corporation by the District of Columbia Nonprofit Corporation Act, the Association shall have the power to— 
‘‘(1) establish and collect such membership 
fees as the Association finds necessary to im-pose to cover the costs of its operations; 
‘‘(2) adopt, amend, and repeal bylaws, pro-
cedures, or standards governing the conduct of Association business and performance of its duties; 
‘‘(3) establish procedures for providing no-
tice and opportunity for comment pursuant to section 325(a); 
‘‘(4) enter into and perform such agree-
ments as necessary to carry out the duties of the Association; 
‘‘(5) hire employees, professionals, or spe-
cialists, and elect or appoint officers, and to fix their compensation, define their duties and give them appropriate authority to carry out the purposes of this subtitle, and determine their qualification; 
‘‘(6) establish personnel policies of the As-
sociation and programs relating to, among other things, conflicts of interest, rates of compensation, where applicable, and quali-fications of personnel; 
‘‘(7) borrow money; and ‘‘(8) secure funding for such amounts as the 
Association determines to be necessary and appropriate to organize and begin operations of the Association, which shall be treated as loans to be repaid by the Association with interest at market rate. 
‘‘SEC. 327. REPORT BY THE ASSOCIATION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—As soon as practicable 
after the close of each fiscal year, the Asso-ciation shall submit to the President, through the Department of the Treasury, and the States (including State insurance regulators), and shall publish on the website of the Association, a written report regard-ing the conduct of its business, and the exer-cise of the other rights and powers granted by this subtitle, during such fiscal year. 
‘‘(b) F
INANCIAL STATEMENTS .—Each report 
submitted under subsection (a) with respect to any fiscal year shall include audited fi-nancial statements setting forth the finan-cial position of the Association at the end of such fiscal year and the results of its oper-ations (including the source and application of its funds) for such fiscal year. 
‘‘SEC. 328. LIABILITY OF THE ASSOCIATION AND 
THE BOARD MEMBERS, OFFICERS, AND EMPLOYEES OF THE ASSOCIA-TION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Association shall 
not be deemed to be an insurer or insurance 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:07 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JA7.004 H07JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H65 January 7, 2015 
producer within the meaning of any State 
law, rule, regulation, or order regulating or taxing insurers, insurance producers, or other entities engaged in the business of in-surance, including provisions imposing pre-mium taxes, regulating insurer solvency or financial condition, establishing guaranty funds and levying assessments, or requiring claims settlement practices. 
‘‘(b) L
IABILITY OF BOARD MEMBERS , OFFI-
CERS, AND EMPLOYEES .—No Board member, 
officer, or employee of the Association shall be personally liable to any person for any ac-tion taken or omitted in good faith in any matter within the scope of their responsibil-ities in connection with the Association. 
‘‘SEC. 329. PRESIDENTIAL OVERSIGHT. 
‘‘(a) R EMOVAL OF BOARD .—If the President 
determines that the Association is acting in a manner contrary to the interests of the public or the purposes of this subtitle or has failed to perform its duties under this sub-title, the President may remove the entire existing Board for the remainder of the term to which the Board members were appointed and appoint, in accordance with section 324 and with the advice and consent of the Sen-ate, in accordance with the procedures estab-lished under Senate Resolution 116 of the 112th Congress, new Board members to fill the vacancies on the Board for the remainder of the terms. 
‘‘(b) R
EMOVAL OF BOARD MEMBER .—The 
President may remove a Board member only for neglect of duty or malfeasance in office. 
‘‘(c) S
USPENSION OF BYLAWS AND STAND -
ARDS AND PROHIBITION OF ACTIONS .—Fol-
lowing notice to the Board, the President, or a person designated by the President for such purpose, may suspend the effectiveness of any bylaw or standard, or prohibit any ac-tion, of the Association that the President or 
the designee determines is contrary to the purposes of this subtitle. 
‘‘SEC. 330. RELATIONSHIP TO STATE LAW. 
‘‘(a) P REEMPTION OF STATE LAWS.—State 
laws, regulations, provisions, or other ac-tions purporting to regulate insurance pro-ducers shall be preempted to the extent pro-vided in subsection (b). 
‘‘(b) P
ROHIBITED ACTIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—No State shall— 
‘‘(A) impede the activities of, take any ac-
tion against, or apply any provision of law or regulation arbitrarily or discriminatorily to, any insurance producer because that insur-ance producer or any affiliate plans to be-come, has applied to become, or is a member of the Association; 
‘‘(B) impose any requirement upon a mem-
ber of the Association that it pay fees dif-ferent from those required to be paid to that State were it not a member of the Associa-tion; or 
‘‘(C) impose any continuing education re-
quirements on any nonresident insurance producer that is a member of the Associa-tion. 
‘‘(2) S
TATES OTHER THAN A HOME STATE .—No 
State, other than the home State of a mem-ber of the Association, shall— 
‘‘(A) impose any licensing, personal or cor-
porate qualifications, education, training, experience, residency, continuing education, or bonding requirement upon a member of the Association that is different from the criteria for membership in the Association or renewal of such membership; 
‘‘(B) impose any requirement upon a mem-
ber of the Association that it be licensed, registered, or otherwise qualified to do busi-ness or remain in good standing in the State, including any requirement that the insur-ance producer register as a foreign company with the secretary of state or equivalent State official; 
‘‘(C) require that a member of the Associa-
tion submit to a criminal history record check as a condition of doing business in the 
State; or 
‘‘(D) impose any licensing, registration, or 
appointment requirements upon a member of the Association, or require a member of the Association to be authorized to operate as an insurance producer, in order to sell, solicit, or negotiate insurance for commercial prop-erty and casualty risks to an insured with risks located in more than one State, if the member is licensed or otherwise authorized to operate in the State where the insured maintains its principal place of business and the contract of insurance insures risks lo-cated in that State. 
‘‘(3) P
RESERVATION OF STATE DISCIPLINARY  
AUTHORITY .—Nothing in this section may be 
construed to prohibit a State from inves-tigating and taking appropriate disciplinary action, including suspension or revocation of authority of an insurance producer to do business in a State, in accordance with State law and that is not inconsistent with the provisions of this section, against a member of the Association as a result of a complaint or for any alleged activity, regardless of whether the activity occurred before or after the insurance producer commenced doing business in the State pursuant to Associa-tion membership. 
‘‘SEC. 331. COORDINATION WITH FINANCIAL IN-
DUSTRY REGULATORY AUTHORITY. 
‘‘The Association shall coordinate with the 
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority in order to ease any administrative burdens that fall on members of the Association that are subject to regulation by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, consistent with the requirements of this subtitle and the Federal securities laws. 
‘‘SEC. 332. RIGHT OF ACTION. 
‘‘(a) R IGHT OF ACTION .—Any person ag-
grieved by a decision or action of the Asso-ciation may, after reasonably exhausting available avenues for resolution within the Association, commence a civil action in an appropriate United States district court, and obtain all appropriate relief. 
‘‘(b) A
SSOCIATION INTERPRETATIONS .—In 
any action under subsection (a), the court shall give appropriate weight to the interpre-tation of the Association of its bylaws and standards and this subtitle. 
‘‘SEC. 333. FEDERAL FUNDING PROHIBITED. 
‘‘The Association may not receive, accept, 
or borrow any amounts from the Federal Government to pay for, or reimburse, the As-sociation for, the costs of establishing or op-erating the Association. 
‘‘SEC. 334. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘For purposes of this subtitle, the fol-
lowing definitions shall apply: 
‘‘(1) B USINESS ENTITY .—The term ‘business 
entity’ means a corporation, association, partnership, limited liability company, lim-ited liability partnership, or other legal enti-ty. 
‘‘(2) D
EPOSITORY INSTITUTION .—The term 
‘depository institution’ has the meaning as in section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813). 
‘‘(3) H
OME STATE .—The term ‘home State’ 
means the State in which the insurance pro-ducer maintains its principal place of resi-dence or business and is licensed to act as an insurance producer. 
‘‘(4) I
NSURANCE .—The term ‘insurance’ 
means any product, other than title insur-ance or bail bonds, defined or regulated as insurance by the appropriate State insurance regulatory authority. 
‘‘(5) I
NSURANCE PRODUCER .—The term ‘in-
surance producer’ means any insurance agent or broker, excess or surplus lines broker or agent, insurance consultant, lim-ited insurance representative, and any other individual or entity that sells, solicits, or ne-gotiates policies of insurance or offers ad-
vice, counsel, opinions or services related to insurance. 
‘‘(6) I
NSURER .—The term ‘insurer’ has the 
meaning as in section 313(e)(2)(B) of title 31, United States Code. 
‘‘(7) P
RINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS .—The 
term ‘principal place of business’ means the State in which an insurance producer main-tains the headquarters of the insurance pro-ducer and, in the case of a business entity, where high-level officers of the entity direct, control, and coordinate the business activi-ties of the business entity. 
‘‘(8) P
RINCIPAL PLACE OF RESIDENCE .—The 
term ‘principal place of residence’ means the State in which an insurance producer resides for the greatest number of days during a cal-endar year. 
‘‘(9) S
TATE .—The term ‘State’ includes any 
State, the District of Columbia, any terri-tory of the United States, and Puerto Rico, Guam, American Samoa, the Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands, the Virgin Islands, and the Northern Mariana Islands. 
‘‘(10) S
TATE LAW .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘State law’ in-
cludes all laws, decisions, rules, regulations, or other State action having the effect of law, of any State. 
‘‘(B) L
AWS APPLICABLE IN THE DISTRICT OF  
COLUMBIA .—A law of the United States appli-
cable only to or within the District of Co-lumbia shall be treated as a State law rather than a law of the United States.’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents for the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act is amended by striking the items relating to subtitle C of title III and inserting the fol-lowing new items: 
‘‘Subtitle C—National Association of 
Registered Agents and Brokers 
‘‘Sec. 321. National Association of Reg-
istered Agents and Brokers. 
‘‘Sec. 322. Purpose. ‘‘Sec. 323. Membership. ‘‘Sec. 324. Board of directors. ‘‘Sec. 325. Bylaws, standards, and discipli-
nary actions. 
‘‘Sec. 326. Powers. ‘‘Sec. 327. Report by the Association. ‘‘Sec. 328. Liability of the Association and 
the Board members, officers, and employees of the Associa-tion. 
‘‘Sec. 329. Presidential oversight. ‘‘Sec. 330. Relationship to State law. ‘‘Sec. 331. Coordination with financial indus-
try regulatory authority. 
‘‘Sec. 332. Right of action. ‘‘Sec. 333. Federal funding prohibited. ‘‘Sec. 334. Definitions.’’. 
TITLE III—BUSINESS RISK MITIGATION 
AND PRICE STABILIZATION 
SEC. 301. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Business 
Risk Mitigation and Price Stabilization Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 302. MARGIN REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) C OMMODITY EXCHANGE ACTAMEND -
MENT .—Section 4s(e) of the Commodity Ex-
change Act (7 U.S.C. 6s(e)), as added by sec-tion 731 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Re-form and Consumer Protection Act, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(4) A
PPLICABILITY WITH RESPECT TO  
COUNTERPARTIES .—The requirements of para-
graphs (2)(A)(ii) and (2)(B)(ii), including the initial and variation margin requirements imposed by rules adopted pursuant to para-graphs (2)(A)(ii) and (2)(B)(ii), shall not apply to a swap in which a counterparty qualifies for an exception under section 2(h)(7)(A), or an exemption issued under section 4(c)(1) from the requirements of section 2(h)(1)(A) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:07 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JA7.004 H07JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H66 January 7, 2015 
for cooperative entities as defined in such 
exemption, or satisfies the criteria in section 2(h)(7)(D).’’. 
(b) S
ECURITIES EXCHANGE ACTAMEND -
MENT .—Section 15F(e) of the Securities Ex-
change Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78o–10(e)), as added by section 764(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protec-tion Act, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(4) A
PPLICABILITY WITH RESPECT TO  
COUNTERPARTIES .—The requirements of para-
graphs (2)(A)(ii) and (2)(B)(ii) shall not apply to a security-based swap in which a counterparty qualifies for an exception under section 3C(g)(1) or satisfies the criteria in section 3C(g)(4).’’. 
SEC. 303. IMPLEMENTATION. 
The amendments made by this title to the 
Commodity Exchange Act shall be imple-mented— 
(1) without regard to— (A) chapter 35 of title 44, United States 
Code; and 
(B) the notice and comment provisions of 
section 553 of title 5, United States Code; 
(2) through the promulgation of an interim 
final rule, pursuant to which public com-ment will be sought before a final rule is issued; and 
(3) such that paragraph (1) shall apply sole-
ly to changes to rules and regulations, or proposed rules and regulations, that are lim-ited to and directly a consequence of such amendments. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. N
EUGEBAUER ) and the gen-
tlewoman from New York (Mrs. C ARO-
LYN B. M ALONEY ) each will control 20 
minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and to insert extraneous mate-rial for the R
ECORD on H.R. 26, cur-
rently under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, for those of you watch-
ing at home today, this is not a C– SPAN rerun. I stand before you today to discuss the Terrorism Risk Insur-ance Program Reauthorization Act, a bill that passed this House 417–7 at the end of the previous Congress. 
This bill is a result of long and dif-
ficult bicameral and bipartisan nego-tiations. But for whatever reason, the previous Senate decided that it was more important to go home a couple of days earlier rather than reauthorize the TRIA program. As a result, the pro-gram expired at the end of the year. 
So, today, the House will act on this 
important piece of legislation once again. Doing so will provide certainty to the terrorism risk insurance market and ensure that the American economy remains resilient against the threat of terrorism. 
Congress passed the Terrorism Risk 
Insurance Act of 2002 in the aftermath of 9/11. It was intended to provide a 2- 
year transition period in which the market participants could develop re-sources that would enable them to offer private terrorism insurance cov-erage once the program expired. For various reasons, that transition has not taken hold. 
Throughout the last 2 years, my sub-
committee learned how evolved the terrorism risk insurance marketplace has become since the last reauthoriza-tion. Since the advent of TRIA in 2002, markets have stabilized, risk manage-ment practices have improved, ter-rorism risk modeling and underwriting has advanced, and the price of ter-rorism risk coverage has actually de-clined by 70 percent. 
But we have also learned that this 
evolution of TRIA has failed to keep up with marketplace realities. In fact, the program remains largely unchanged over the last 12 years. This has hin-dered the growth of private market participation in terrorism risk insur-ance and resulted in a bad deal for the taxpayers. 
The bill before us today is an effort 
to recognize and to keep pace with the market developments of the terrorism risk insurance marketplace over the past decade. The bill strengthens tax-payer protections without altering the program’s fundamental functions, brings greater certainty and stability to the terrorism risk market, and lays a foundation for a more robust private market for terrorism risk. 
With regard to the taxpayer protec-
tion, the program’s trigger doubles from $100 million to $200 million. It also decreases the Federal share of in-surers’ losses from 85 percent to 80 per-cent and enhances the taxpayer repay-ment requirements. And for the first time, we will have meaningful data on the program to increase accountability and transparency. 
To provide certainty, the program is 
extended for 6 years but makes no changes for the first year so that the market will have time to adjust. It also clarifies it streamlines the terrorism certification process so that policy-holders are better protected. 
Most importantly, the bill today cre-
ates a framework that will allow for a more healthy private market terrorism risk over time that slowly replaces tax-payer-funded reinsurance with private sector capital. 
Finally, the bill before us today in-
cludes some bipartisan reforms that will help boost the economy and job op-portunities for all Americans. These Dodd-Frank fixes will help America’s hardworking farmers, ranchers, and business owners. They did not cause the financial crisis, and they deserve immediate relief. 
I am also proud of the inclusion of 
the reestablishment of the National Association of Registered Agents and Brokers, or NARAB, which is an effi-
cient and effective way to enable insur-ance agents and brokers to be licensed on a multistate basis while retaining essential State regulatory authority. I thank Chairman H
ENSARLING for 
trusting me to reform this important program, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 26. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support 
of H.R. 26, the TRIA Reauthorization Act of 2015. This bill passed in the last Congress overwhelmingly 417–7. 
I first want to thank Speaker B
OEH-
NER and Leader P ELOSI for acting so 
quickly to reauthorize the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act, or TRIA. Unfortu-nately, this critical program expired on January 1, and unless Congress swiftly reauthorizes TRIA, our economy will be dangerously exposed if we have an-other terrorist attack. 
In fact, one of the financial rating 
agencies—Fitch—has said that if Con-gress doesn’t reauthorize TRIA by the end of January, they are going to start downgrading companies and major con-struction projects, which would hurt the American economy. The other rat-ing agencies have made equally strong statements about the importance to re-authorize TRIA. 
Already, companies are having trou-
ble getting terrorism insurance, and many companies that had terrorism in-surance have now lost it because there were clauses written into their policies that said if TRIA is not there they do not have the insurance coverage. 
I also want to thank very much 
Chairman H
ENSARLING and Chairman 
NEUGEBAUER , as well as Ranking Mem-
ber W ATERS and the Democrats on the 
Financial Services Committee, for their very hard work on this bill, which represents a true bipartisan com-promise. I especially want to thank my colleagues from New York, P
ETER KING 
and Senator S CHUMER , who have 
worked very hard on this bill, which is critical to the State of New York, and 
I would say every State in our Union. 
I believe that this compromise will 
ensure that terrorism insurance re-mains available and at affordable prices. This has always been the pur-pose of TRIA, and I believe that this bill will accomplish that goal. 
After the last terrorist attack on our 
homeland—9/11—insurers realized that they couldn’t accurately model for ter-rorism risk—it was simply too unpre-dictable—and the market for terrorism insurance completely shut down. With-out terrorism insurance, all construc-tion stopped in New York City. We couldn’t build anything, and thousands and thousands of jobs were lost. 
In response, Congress came together 
in a bipartisan way and passed TRIA, which provides a government backstop for terrorism insurance. The goal of TRIA was to make terrorism insurance both available and affordable, and that is exactly what it has done. This has come at no additional expense whatso-ever or cost to the taxpayer. 
Initially, the House TRIA bill raised 
the trigger for the government’s back-stop by a whopping 500 percent from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:07 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JA7.004 H07JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H67 January 7, 2015 
$100 million to $500 million. This would 
have forced small- and medium-sized insurers out of the market entirely and would have actually reduced the amount of terrorism insurance avail-able to American businesses. 
I was strongly opposed to increasing 
the trigger to $500 million because it would make terrorism insurance un-available and unaffordable to busi-nesses all across this country. 
Fortunately, this compromise bill 
will only raise the trigger for the gov-ernment backstop from $100 million to $200 million. This modest increase will ensure that small- and medium-sized insurers are not forced out of the mar-ket entirely, while also protecting tax-payers, and I fully support this com-promise approach. 
This bill also slightly increases the 
amount that the government recoups from the industry after TRIA is trig-gered, which will ensure that taxpayers are fully repaid for TRIA if it is need-ed. 
Importantly, the compromise does 
not include the so-called bifurcation proposal, which would have treated nu-clear, biological, chemical, and radio-logical attacks differently from other so-called conventional attacks. This made no sense whatsoever, and this compromise sensibly drops this pro-posal entirely. A terrorist attack is a terrorist attack. 
Finally, I am pleased that the bill re-
authorizes TRIA for a full 6 years. This will provide much needed certainty to businesses across the country as they expand and create more American jobs. Support for reauthorization of TRIA is deep and it is strong in the business community across this country. 
Mr. Speaker, I enter into the R
ECORD  
a letter from 28 different business stakeholders strongly supporting the reauthorization and the need for TRIA. 
DEAR REPRESENTATIVE : American busi-
nesses strongly support H.R. 26—the Ter-rorism Risk Insurance Program Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2015. This bill is the same as the TRIA legislation that passed the House by a bipartisan vote of 417–7 on December 10, 2014. Our coalition represents a diverse and broad majority of business stakeholders. We urge you to SUPPORT the bill when it is consid-ered under suspension of the rules this week. 
The Terrorism Risk Insurance Act is vital 
to the millions of businesses, job creators, and workers across the country reliant on TRIA to secure terrorism insurance and pro-tect our economic growth. Following the at-tacks of September 11, 2001, Congress created TRIA to address a void in the marketplace, foster economic stability, and provide cer-tainty to for-profit and non-profit entities across the country. For the past dozen years, the United States has relied on TRIA as a fiscally responsible terrorism risk manage-ment plan to protect taxpayers and our na-tional security and stability. 
It is critical that Congress act imme-
diately to keep our terrorism insurance pro-tection program in place. We urge your sup-port of this important bill. 
Sincerely, 
American Association of Managing Gen-
eral Agents (AAMGA), 
American Gaming Association (AGA), American Hotel & Lodging Association 
(AH&LA), American Insurance Association (AIA), 
American Land Title Association (ALTA), American Society of Workers Compensa-
tion Professionals (AmCOMP), 
Associated Builders and Contractors 
(ABC), 
California Insurance Wholesalers Associa-
tion (CIWA), 
CCIM Institute, Coalition to Insure Against Terrorism 
(CIAT), 
Council of Insurance Agents and Brokers 
(CIAB), 
CRE Finance Council (CREFC), Financial Services Roundtable (FSR), Independent Insurance Agents & Brokers 
of America (Big ‘‘I’’). 
Institute of Real Estate Management 
(IREM), 
Mortgage Bankers Association (MBA), National Apartment Association (NAA), National Association of Home Builders 
(NAHB), 
National Association of Mutual Insurance 
Companies (NAMIC), 
National Association of Real Estate In-
vestment Trusts (NAREIT), 
National Association of REALTORS ® 
(NAR), 
National Multifamily Housing Council 
(NMHC), 
Property Casualty Insurers Association of 
America (PCI), 
Reinsurance Association of America 
(RAA), 
Texas Surplus Lines Association (TSLA), The Real Estate Roundtable (The Round-
table), 
The Risk and Insurance Management Soci-
ety (RIMS), 
U.S. Chamber of Commerce. 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. The bill also includes the NARAB bill—the National Association of Registered Agents and Brokers— which has passed this Congress mul-tiple times, many, many times, and this would merely recognize insurance brokers and agents licensed in other States across this country, increasing efficiency and saving and reducing costs for these businesses. 
I urge my colleagues to vote for 
TRIA because it is the right thing to do for America, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. 
Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
enter into the R
ECORD an exchange of 
letters between the Financial Services Committee and the House Agriculture Committee. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , 
Washington, DC, January 7, 2015. 
Hon. J EBHENSARLING , 
Chairman, Committee on Financial Services, 
Rayburn House Office Building, Wash-ington, DC. 
D
EARCHAIRMAN HENSARLING : I am writing 
concerning H.R. 26, Terrorism Risk Insur-ance Program Reauthorization Act of 2015. 
As you know, provisions of H.R. 26 are 
within the jurisdiction of the Committee on Agriculture. In order to expedite floor con-sideration of the bill, the Committee on Ag-riculture will forgo action on H.R. 26. Fur-ther, the Committee will not oppose the bill’s consideration on the suspension cal-endar. This is also being done with the un-derstanding that it does not in any way prej-udice the Committee with respect to the ap-pointment of conferees or its jurisdictional prerogatives on this or similar legislation. 
I would appreciate your response to this 
letter, confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 26, and would ask that a copy 
of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during Floor consideration. 
Sincerely, 
K. M
ICHAEL CONAWAY , 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES , 
Washington, DC, January 7, 2015. 
Hon. K. M ICHAEL CONAWAY , 
Chairman, Committee on Agriculture, Long-
worth House Office Building, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR CHAIRMAN CONAWAY : Thank you for 
your letter of even date herewith regarding H.R. 26, the Terrorism Risk Insurance Pro-gram Reauthorization Act of 2015. 
I am most appreciative of your decision to 
forego consideration of H.R. 26 so that it may move expeditiously to the House floor. I acknowledge that although you are waiving formal consideration of the bill, the Com-mittee on Agriculture is in no way waiving its jurisdiction over any subject matter con-tained in the bill that falls within its juris-diction. In addition, if a conference is nec-essary on this legislation, I will support any request that your committee be represented therein. 
Finally, I shall be pleased to include your 
letter and this letter in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of H.R. 26. 
Sincerely, 
J
EBHENSARLING , 
Chairman. 
Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ONAWAY ), my neighbor to 
the south, our new committee chair-man for the House Agriculture Com-mittee. 
Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
Mr. N
EUGEBAUER for yielding. 
I rise today in support of H.R. 26, a 
bill to extend the expiration date of the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act. 
I want to thank my good friend and 
vice chairman of the Agriculture Com-mittee, R
ANDY NEUGEBAUER , for his 
work in shepherding this bill to the floor again. 
I would also like to thank him and 
Chairman H
ENSARLING for fighting 
hard to include the Business Risk Miti-gation and Price Stabilization Act as title III of today’s bill. The House Com-mittee on Agriculture, along with the Financial Services Committee, has made moving this legislation a pri-ority. 
Despite the lengthy title, the Busi-
ness Risk Mitigation and Price Sta-bilization Act is not a complicated bill. It fulfills the promise that this body made to our farmers, ranchers, and small businesses when Dodd-Frank was drafted and signed into law that end users would not be treated as financial firms. 
b1245 
Yet regulators have narrowly inter-
preted the exemptions in the black let-ter of the law, forcing some businesses to leave capital idle in margin ac-counts, rather than investing in new production and creating jobs. 
Forcing businesses to post margin 
not only ties up capital, but also makes it more expensive for firms to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.015 H07JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H68 January 7, 2015 
utilize the risk management tools that 
they need to protect their businesses from uncertainty. 
Today’s bill clarifies in statute that 
Congress meant what it said when it exempted end users from margin and clearing requirements. Specifically, it ensures that those businesses which are exempt from clearing their hedges are also exempt from margining those hedges. 
This well-reasoned legislation has 
broad bipartisan support. As a stand- alone bill, the House overwhelmingly supported it last year in June by a vote of 411–12. Since then, we have passed it four more times—and if we pass it today, a fifth time—which means we will keep doing it until we get it right. 
I am hopeful that with today’s vote, 
we can finally offer farmers, ranchers, and businesses the relief we promised them almost 5 years ago. 
Again, I thank Chairman H
ENSARLING  
and Chairman N EUGEBAUER for includ-
ing the Business Risk Mitigation and Price Stabilization Act in today’s bill, and I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 26. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , 
Washington, DC, January 7, 2014. 
MR. SPEAKER : I am pleased to see the in-
clusion H.R. 634, Business Risk Mitigation and Price Stability Act, from the 113th Con-gress as Title III of the Terrorism Risk In-surance Program Reauthorization Act. This language, which was also included as Sub-title of Title III of H.R. 4413, Customer Pro-tection and End-User Relief Act, from the 113th Congress provides an important protec-tion to end-users from costly margining re-quirements that will divert much needed capital away from job creation. 
In support of this title, I would like to re-
quest that the pertinent portions of the Committee on Agriculture report to accom-pany H.R. 4413 be included in the appropriate place in the Congressional Record. 
Sincerely, 
K. M
ICHAEL CONAWAY , 
Chairman. 
TITLE 3—E NDUSERRELIEF  
SUBTITLE A —END-USER EXEMPTION FROM  
MARGIN REQUIREMENTS  
Section 311—End-user margin requirements 
Section 311 amends Section 4s(e) of the 
Commodity Exchange Act (CEA) as added by Section 731 of the Dodd-Frank Act to provide an explicit exemption from margin require-ments for swap transactions involving end- users that qualify for the clearing exception under 2(h)(7)(A). 
‘‘End-users’’ are thousands of companies 
across the United States who utilize deriva-tives to hedge risks associated with their day-to-day operations, such as fluctuations in the prices of raw materials. Because these businesses do not pose systemic risk, Con-gress intended that the Dodd-Frank Act pro-vide certain exemptions for end-users to en-sure they were not unduly burdened by new margin and capital requirements associated with their derivatives trades that would hamper their ability to expand and create jobs. 
Indeed, Title VII of the Dodd-Frank Act in-
cludes an exemption for non-financial end- users from centrally clearing their deriva-tives trades. This exemption permits end- users to continue trading directly with a counterparty, (also known as trading ‘‘bilat-erally,’’ or over-the-counter (OTC)) which 
means their swaps are negotiated privately between two parties and they are not exe-cuted and cleared using an exchange or clearinghouse. Generally, it is common for non-financial end-users, such as manufactur-ers, to avoid posting cash margin for their OTC derivative trades. End-users generally will not post margin because they are able to negotiate such terms with their counterpar-ties due to the strength of their own balance sheet or by posting non-cash collateral, such as physical property. End-users typically 
seek to preserve their cash and liquid assets for reinvestment in their businesses. In rec-ognition of this common practice, the Dodd- Frank Act included an exemption from mar-gin requirements for end-users for OTC trades. 
Section 731 of the Dodd-Frank Act (and 
Section 764 with respect to security-based swaps) requires margin requirements be ap-plied to swap dealers and major swap partici-pants for swaps that are not centrally cleared. For swap dealers and major swap participants that are banks, the prudential banking regulators (such as the Federal Re-serve or Federal Deposit Insurance Corpora-tion) are required to set the margin require-ments. For swap dealers and major swap par-ticipants that are not banks, the CFTC is re-quired to set the margin requirements. Both the CFTC and the banking regulators have issued their own rule proposals establishing margin requirements pursuant to Section 731. 
Following the enactment of the Dodd- 
Frank Act in July of 2010, uncertainty arose regarding whether this provision permitted the regulators to impose margin require-ments on swap dealers when they trade with end-users, which could then result in either a direct or indirect margin requirement on end-users. Subsequently, Senators Blanche Lincoln and Chris Dodd sent a letter to then- Chairmen Barney Frank and Collin Peterson on June 30, 2010, to set forth and clarify con-gressional intent, stating: 
The legislation does not authorize the reg-
ulators to impose margin on end-users, those exempt entities that use swaps to hedge or mitigate commercial risk. If regulators raise the costs of end-user transactions, they may create more risk. It is imperative that the regulators do not unnecessarily divert work-ing capital from our economy into margin accounts, in a way that would discourage hedging by end-users or impair economic growth. 
In addition, statements in the legislative 
history of section 731 (and Section 764) sug-gests that Congress did not intend, in enact-ing this section, to impose margin require-ments on nonfinancial end-users engaged in hedging activities, even in cases where they entered into swaps with swap entities. 
In the CFTC’s proposed rule on margin, it 
does not require margin for uncleared swaps when non-bank swap dealers transact with non-financial end-users. However, the pru-dential banking regulators proposed rules would require margin be posted by non-fi-nancial end-users above certain established thresholds when they trade with swap deal-ers that are banks. Many of end-users’ trans-actions occur with swap dealers that are banks, so the banking regulators’ proposed rule is most relevant, and therefore of most concern, to end-users. 
By the prudential banking regulators’ own 
terms, their proposal to require margin stems directly from what they view to be a legal obligation under Title VII. The plain language of section 731 provides that the Agencies adopt rules for covered swap enti-ties imposing margin requirements on all non-cleared swaps. Despite clear congres-sional intent, those sections do not, by their terms, exclude a swap with a counterparty 
that is a commercial end-user. By providing an explicit exemption under Title VII through enactment of this provision, the prudential regulators will no longer have a perceived legal obligation and the congres-sional intent they acknowledge in their pro-posed rule will be implemented. 
The Committee notes that in September of 
2013, the International Organization of Secu-rities Commissions (IOSCO) and the Bank of International Settlements published their final recommendations for margin require-ments for uncleared derivatives. Representa-tives from a number of U.S. regulators, in-cluding the CFTC and the Board of Gov-ernors of the Federal Reserve participated in the development of those margin require-ments, which are intended to set baseline international standards for margin require-ments. It is the intent of the Committee that any margin requirements promulgated under 
the authority provided in Section 4s of the Commodity Exchange Act should be gen-erally consistent with the international mar-gin standards established by IOSCO. 
On March 14, 2013, at a hearing entitled 
‘‘Examining Legislative Improvements to Title VII of the Dodd-Frank Act,’’ the fol-lowing testimony was provided to the Com-mittee with respect to provisions included in Section 311: 
In approving the Dodd-Frank Act, Con-
gress made clear that end-users were not to be subject to margin requirements. Nonethe-less, regulations proposed by the Prudential Banking Regulators could require end-users to post margin. This stems directly from what they view to be a legal obligation under Title VII. While the regulations proposed by the CFTC are preferable, they do not provide end-users with the certainty that legislation offers. According to a Coalition for Deriva-tives End-Users survey, a 3% initial margin requirement could reduce capital spending by as much as $5.1 to $6.7 billion among S&P 500 companies alone and cost 100,000 to 130,000 jobs. To shed some light on Honey-well’s potential exposure to margin require-ments, we had approximately $2 billion of hedging contracts outstanding at year-end that would be defined as a swap under Dodd- Frank. Applying 3% initial margin and 10% variation margin implies a potential margin requirement of $260 million. Cash deposited in a margin account cannot be productively deployed in our businesses and therefore de-tracts from Honeywell’s financial perform-ance and ability to promote economic growth and protect American jobs.—Mr. James E. Colby, Assistant Treasurer, Honey-well International Inc. 
On May 21, 2013, at a hearing entitled ‘‘The 
Future of the CFTC: Market Perspectives,’’ Mr. Stephen O’Connor, Chairman, ISDA, pro-vided the following testimony with respect to provisions included in Section 311: 
Perhaps most importantly, we do not be-
lieve that initial margin will contribute to the shared goal of reducing systemic risk and increasing systemic resilience. When ro-bust variation margin practices are em-ployed, the additional step of imposing ini-tial margin imposes an extremely high cost on both market participants and on systemic resilience with very little countervailing benefit. The Lehman and AIG situations highlight the importance of variation mar-gin. AIG did not follow sound variation mar-gin practices, which resulted in dangerous levels of credit risk building up, ultimately leading to its bailout. Lehman, on the other hand, posted daily variation margin, and while its failure caused shocks in many mar-kets, the variation margin prevented out-sized losses in the OTC derivatives markets. While industry and regulators agree on a ro-bust variation margin regime including all 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:07 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.018 H07JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H69 January 7, 2015 
appropriate products and counterparties, the 
further step of moving to mandatory IM [ini-tial margin] does not stand up to any rig-orous cost-benefit analysis. 
Based on the extensive background that 
accompanies the statutory change provided explicitly in Section 311, the Committee in-tends that initial and variation margin re-quirements cannot be imposed on uncleared swaps entered into by cooperative entities if they similarly qualify for the CFTC’s cooper-ative exemption with respect to cleared swaps. Cooperative entities did not cause the financial crisis and should not be required to incur substantial new costs associated with posting initial and variation margin to counterparties. In the end, these costs will be borne by their members in the form of higher prices and more limited access to credit, especially in underserved markets, such as in rural America. Therefore, the Committee’s clear intent when drafting Sec-tion 311 was to prohibit the CFTC and pru-dential regulators, including the Farm Cred-it Administration, from imposing margin re-quirements on cooperative entities. 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from the great State of Georgia (Mr. S
COTT). 
Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, I certainly want to recognize and appreciate the gentlewoman from Manhattan for the excellent leadership job that she is doing on this. 
Mr. Speaker, this bill, TRIA, is so 
important. It is very important to note that it hasn’t cost the taxpayers any-thing, and it has been very successful where needed; but, Mr. Speaker, this bill contains another very important piece: we affectionately call it NARAB, which is the National Association of Registered Agents and Brokers—just think if TRIA and the NARAB portion of this bill had been in place in 1999, be-fore we had the terrorism risk, before we had the terrorist strikes of 9/11, and other terrorist attacks. 
But in the middle of all of that, even 
with the downturn of the economic ca-lamity, standing in the middle of this storm were our insurance agents, the lifeline of the American people. What NARAB is doing here is making sure that we streamline the process and make sure that our insurance agents are able to operate across State lines. 
Mr. Speaker, we all realize that in-
surance is a State-licensed, State-au-thorized operation. NARAB does not interfere with that. As a matter of fact, all 50 of the insurance agents of our States have all agreed with NARAB. 
This is an important bill because our 
insurance agents, our small businesses, are the lifeline in tragedy and distress. We live in a highly mobile society now. It is very important for our agents to be able to go across State lines with one licensing procedure that is held to the highest standard while at the same time being licensed in their own State. 
We have had great cooperation from 
all of our insurance agents, including the insurance agents’ association. Our financial advisers and our brokers all agree. 
The other thing, Mr. Speaker, is that 
many of us on the Financial Services Committee have been working on this 
measure for 10 years. For 10 years, we have been toiling in the vineyards on this and so have others in the Senate. 
Now is the time to give our insurance 
agents the respect and the nobility of purpose of their very fine profession and at the same time reach our pri-mary goal, which is to give the Amer-ican insurance consumers the choice, the competition, and the benefits that they need. 
Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the 
gentleman from Georgia for his tireless efforts on NARAB. I think we are going to get it done this time. I know he has worked on it a number of years. He and I have worked together to try to get this done. It is a commonsense piece of legislation, and I am hopeful that this will be the time to get it passed. 
I am now pleased to yield 3 minutes 
to the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ING), who has been a tireless advocate 
for the TRIA program. 
Mr. KING of New York. Mr. Speaker, 
I thank Chairman N EUGEBAUER for 
yielding and for all his efforts on this. I also appreciate the fact that he said my efforts were tireless. Chairman H
ENSARLING , at times, thought they 
were tiresome. 
I want to thank the chairman for 
putting a good spin on it, but very seri-ously, I want to thank him for his ef-forts. This is a bill where a number of us started off from different positions, from different perspectives. In true leg-islative form, we came together. 
This bill that we passed in December 
was a solid bill. Unfortunately, it was not taken up by the Senate, but it is essential that we pass it today because, as my good friend Mrs. M
ALONEY said, 
this could have a devastating effect on the construction industry and on the American economy if it is not renewed as quickly as possible. This has to be reauthorized. It is absolutely essential. 
I want to thank Chairman H
EN-
SARLING again for his efforts through-
out this. Again, it has been a long proc-ess, but we stayed at it, and I thank him for that. Obviously, I thank Mrs. M
ALONEY and the ranking member, Ms. 
WATERS . Also, Mr. C APUANO has been a 
fighter on this from the start. Again, we came together. 
This is a bill that, as I have said a 
number of times, was absolutely essen-tial after September 11, when terrorism risk insurance could not be obtained. It even became more obvious as time went on how essential it was, how we desperately need it, and we have to pre-serve it. 
Also, not one Federal dollar has been 
expended on it; yet billions of dollars in revenue, construction projects, jobs, and expansion of the economy has re-sulted because of it. 
We are voting today, in a way, on a 
bill which, as Mrs. M
ALONEY said, is 
going to go on for another 6 years. That gives it permanence and stability. It gives the construction industry, the 
real estate industry, and the people on the ground who want those construc-tion jobs the ability to go forward. It lets municipalities know there is going to be construction going ahead in their jurisdictions. It is a plus-plus all the way. 
The changes that were made, the re-
forms that were made, I didn’t believe they had to be done, but the fact is they are done, and they are not going to change the overall impact. They are not going to have any meaningful de-terminative effect whatsoever. 
Again, I am proud to support this bill 
in all its aspects. Mr. S
COTT from Geor-
gia had a great concern about the in-surers. I share that also. I think it is important that be in this bill. I know that was a bit of an obstacle in the Senate, but it shouldn’t be. It had over-whelming support in the House. I know the great majority of the Members in the Senate support it. 
Now, we pass this on suspension 
today, sending a strong signal how we support this bill in its entirety. From my conversations—and I think Mrs. M
ALONEY has had the same conversa-
tions—we feel confident that the Sen-ate is going to pass it. 
When they do, it will be a victory for 
the American people, a victory for American business, a victory for Amer-ican labor, and a victory for the Amer-ican people to show that we have fought all the way back from the hor-rors of 9/11, and we are going to make sure that never again are we put in that position as far as the damage it can have on our economy. 
I would end this by saying that when 
we saw the attack in Paris today, we realized what can happen with a ter-rorist attack, how it can happen at any moment, and why it is essential this be reauthorized. 
Again, I thank the chairman for his 
efforts and patience over the last sev-eral years. 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. Mr. Speaker, I do want to com-ment that it has been reported in the press that the Senate has announced they will bring up this bill next week, which is very, very important to move it forward. 
I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman 
from the great State of Massachusetts (Mr. C
APUANO ), who has been a fighter, 
advocate, and an effective spokes-person. 
Mr. CAPUANO. I thank the gentle-
woman for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I, too, want to add my 
words congratulating everybody for fi-nally getting this done, but I also want to be real clear. I wish we could have done this a year ago, so we could have been working on things that we have some differences on that need to be done. 
Where we are today on this bill could 
have easily been reached in a bipar-tisan manner with 400-plus Members voting for it over a year ago. I am only aware of two outside groups—both 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:07 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JA7.019 H07JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H70 January 7, 2015 
think tanks, not in business, not in 
labor—that opposed this bill; yet we let them run the agenda here because peo-ple couldn’t get off the dime. 
For me, that is a huge mistake. We 
are here to make agreements, to make compromise, to get things done. For in-stance, we are sitting here today with Fannie and Freddie not resolved after all these years because we can’t get off the dime of a few ideological disagree-ments that clearly are not going to be settled, the way they are going. 
There is plenty of room for com-
promise, plenty of room to get together and talk about it and get something done for the American people and the American economy. 
That is just one example. We have to 
get beyond the outside ideological groups telling us what we can and can-not do. Even if we agree with them, we have to understand we are elected to lead, to argue, and then to com-promise. 
We are here today, finally. Thank 
you. Let’s not get bogged down any fur-ther in this new Congress. We will have our differences, and we will have some differences that cannot be resolved. This was never one of them. I think there is plenty of room on Fannie and Freddie. I think there are issues on in-surance. 
I think there are plenty of issues we 
can and should work on. We both have our outside groups to deal with. We both have to turn to them with loving attention and tell you: ‘‘We love you, we agree with you, but I was elected to move the ball forward.’’ 
That is what we are doing here today, 
and I congratulate those people that have finally done it, including the two people leading this bill, both the chair-man and the ranking member of the committee, and other members of this committee that have worked on this for so long. 
I can’t honestly say that I am look-
ing forward to doing this again in 6 years, but I hope that when we get there, we can do it a little bit more quickly than we did this time. 
Mr. NEUGEBAUER. I thank the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts. I want to tell him how much I enjoyed working with him. He was the ranking Member of the Housing and Insurance Sub-committee, and we had an opportunity to work together. It was a pleasure to do. 
Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. S
TUTZMAN ), a distin-
guished member of the Financial Serv-ices Committee. 
Mr. STUTZMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in support of the Terrorism Risk Program Reauthorization Act of 2015. 
Mr. Speaker, as we have all recently 
seen, terrorism and violence continues to be a threat not only to our friends on the other side of the globe, but also to our homeland. The rise of ISIS has demonstrated that the American peo-ple and our interests are constant tar-gets. Because these dangers continue to 
grow, it is our job to make sure we are taking the necessary steps to protect ourselves. The terror attacks on Sep-tember 11, 2001, not only brought a dev-astating loss of innocent human life, they also wreaked havoc on our econ-omy, costing insurers tens of billions of dollars, taking years to recover. 
We have to take the necessary steps 
to protect and prevent any physical harm to America and make sure we are doing what we can to protect our eco-nomic interests. That is what today’s legislation is all about. 
When first passed in 2002, TRIA pro-
vided much-needed stability to ease any economic pain of another attack. Today’s reauthorization will continue to provide a necessary backstop and the financial security that will allow major commercial and real estate projects so vital to the economy to move forward. 
Reauthorizing this legislation is an 
opportunity for both parties to stand together in a bipartisan fashion and strengthen our national security. 
I would like to thank Chairman H
EN-
SARLING , Representative N EUGEBAUER , 
and the rest of the members of the Fi-nancial Services Committee for their hard work on this issue. It has taken time to get to this point, but I believe this is a good way for us to start this Congress, working together to pass a bill that is in the best interest of our national security. 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from the great State of Maryland (Mr. H
OYER ), the distin-
guished minority leader. 
(Mr. HOYER asked and was given 
permission to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentlewoman from New York for yielding. I appreciate her work. I also appreciate the work of Mr. N
EUGE -
BAUER for bringing this bill to the 
floor. 
This bill could have been—should 
have been, as Mr. C APUANO said—passed 
a long time ago with an overwhelming vote. I brought this up on regular con-ferences and colloquies that I had with Mr. Cantor and more recently with Mr. M
CCARTHY , but it is always timely to 
do the right thing. Today, we are doing the right thing, and I rise in strong support of the passage of this bill. 
Reauthorizing the Terrorism Risk 
Program Reauthorization Act will pro-vide much-needed certainty to busi-nesses and insurers, certainty that will help our economy and prevent harm to job creation. I believe Congress has the responsibility to reauthorize the TRIA program, and I encourage all of my col-leagues to join me in voting to do so today. 
b1300 
This program expired at the end of 
2014, and Congress must take action on TRIA without delay. I would reiterate that this program as incorporated in this piece of legislation has had well 
over 250 votes for at least the last year and a half, but it is never too late to do the right thing. The longer Congress waits, the worse the effects will be on our economy and job creation. 
I want to thank Ranking Member 
W
ATERS . I want to thank Ranking 
Member V ELA´ZQUEZ for her work on 
this as well and, as I said, the leader-ship on the majority side that finally got us to a point where we could make an agreement last year. 
We passed a bill last year. I regret 
that the Senate didn’t pass it, but I ap-plaud the majority’s bringing it to the floor as one of the first pieces of busi-ness that we do. All sides deserve, therefore, credit for their efforts to help restore certainty to businesses and protect against the slowdown in job growth that would result from not reauthorizing TRIA. 
So, today we do the right thing; we 
do it in a bipartisan fashion. Let’s hope we can continue to do this. 
Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, it 
is now my pleasure to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New Hampshire (Mr. G
UINTA ), a distinguished member 
of the Financial Services Committee. 
Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
strong support of H.R. 26, the Ter-rorism Risk Insurance Program Reau-thorization Act of 2015. As the recent tragic events in Boston have shown, terrorism is still alive, and we must be ever vigilant in the fight against it. 
This overwhelmingly bipartisan piece 
of legislation will ensure market sta-bility for Main Street, businesses, con-struction projects, public events, and more by maintaining their ability to access terrorism insurance to keep job- creating businesses and projects mov-ing forward with certainty. 
TRIA is an important piece of legis-
lation for protecting taxpayers by re-quiring insurers to step up and manage more of their own risk. I urge my col-leagues to vote ‘‘yes,’’ and I ask that the Senate bring up this bill imme-diately. 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2
1⁄2minutes 
to my good friend from the great State of New York (Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ ), who is 
the ranking member on the Small Business Committee. 
(Ms. VELA ´ZQUEZ asked and was 
given permission to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. VELA ´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I 
want to take this opportunity to thank the gentlelady from New York for yielding. 
Today, I call on my colleagues to re-
authorize the Terrorism Risk Insur-ance Program, a public-private part-nership that is vital to continued eco-nomic development across the country. 
Following the tragic events of 9/11, 
terrorism became uninsurable, the marketplace evaporated, and rates sky-rocketed. Many businesses were im-pacted, causing job losses and hin-dering the recovery effort. To address the growing problem, Congress swiftly 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:07 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.020 H07JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H71 January 7, 2015 
passed the Terrorism Risk Insurance 
Act, creating a Federal backstop and restoring coverage. 
Today I can say without a doubt, our 
efforts were successful. I have wit-nessed firsthand how this program has substantially helped New York City re-cover and prosper over the past 12 years. The program has also tripled the number of small businesses nationwide that have terrorism protection. As a direct result of TRIA, over 60 percent of small firms carry some form of cov-erage. 
Some stakeholders have already re-
ported disruptions since TRIA lapsed last week, especially in high-risk cities such as New York. It should be noted that the lapse is not only affecting in-surance coverage, but also the financ-ing efforts of many job-creating con-struction projects. 
Is this bill perfect? No, but it will re-
store certainty to the marketplace and prevent a rate spike that could force two-thirds of small businesses out of the market. 
Mr. Speaker, acts of terrorism re-
main too risky to cover for the vast majority of carriers, especially for the small- and medium-sized firms that dominate the insurance industry. As a result, the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program, which has not cost taxpayers $1, continues to be a vital component of our economic growth and national security. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
support this bill. 
Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
reserve the balance of my time. 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, we had other speakers 
scheduled from New York, but they are not on the floor now, so I would just like to say, in closing, that this is critically important legislation. 
I can speak from personal experience, 
having represented New York during and after 9/11, that after 9/11 you could not even build a hot dog stand. All con-struction stopped. No one could get any insurance. The only insurance available was from Lloyds of London, and it was incredibly expensive and people could not afford it. We lost thousands and thousands of jobs. 
And it happened also, when we came 
together and started to rebuild not only in New York but the Pentagon and Pennsylvania, I would say, of all the programs that this body put for-ward—and there were many, and I thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for their support—I truly be-lieve that this particular one was cer-tainly the most important in helping New York rebuild and rebound. 
I want to add that it did not cost our 
taxpayers one single dime. It is an in-novative way to get building and con-struction happening across this coun-try. So it is tremendously important to the economy. It is an important bill, and I am so pleased that it has been a bipartisan effort. This body passed the bill. It stalled 
in the Senate, but we do need to reau-thorize it as swiftly and as quickly as possible. I hope it is an example of how this body can work together on legisla-tion that is critical to this country to rebuild and expand the jobs and our economy and to help strengthen our country in other ways. 
So again I thank the leadership on 
both sides of the aisle for moving so swiftly to bring it to the floor and, really, to Mr. N
EUGEBAUER , who was 
the point person in many ways in the compromise legislation that moved for-ward. 
I urge my colleagues to vote for it. It 
is the right thing to do for America. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself as much time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, in closing, I think what 
you can see by the comments today is that we have a bipartisan piece of leg-islation. It is a piece of legislation that passed overwhelmingly in the House in the 113th Congress. Unfortunately, it was not taken up by the Senate. 
This is a win-win bill. It does a num-
ber of really good things for the coun-try; and, more importantly, for the taxpayers, it begins to bring reform in a program that originally was meant to be a temporary program but some-how has become a permanent program, beginning to stairstep-up the private market participation and stairstep- down the taxpayers’ participation. It increases the trigger; it increases the amount of recovery that the taxpayers would be able to recover in the case of an event. 
Another thing you heard many peo-
ple talk about is this end-user provi-sion that is going to help farmers and ranchers and small businesses not have to put up additional capital so they can use that capital to create jobs for America. 
Another provision in this bill is the 
NARAB II, which is a small business provision allowing your local insurance agent, maybe he or she can sell insur-ance in multiple States by being a member of NARAB and being able to not have to get a license in each indi-vidual State, but if they are licensed and meet the qualifications in that State, that is recognized by other States. 
So this is a great bipartisan effort. It 
has been, as mentioned, a long process, and so I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 26. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. N
EUGE -
BAUER ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 26. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
PROMOTING JOB CREATION AND 
REDUCING SMALL BUSINESS BURDENS ACT 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 37) to make technical correc-tions to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, to enhance the ability of small and emerging growth companies to access capital through public and private markets, to reduce regulatory burdens, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 37 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Promoting 
Job Creation and Reducing Small Business Burdens Act’’. 
SEC. 2. TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
The table of contents for this Act is as fol-
lows: 
Sec. 1. Short title. 
Sec. 2. Table of contents. 
TITLE I—BUSINESS RISK MITIGATION 
AND PRICE STABILIZATION ACT 
Sec. 101. Margin requirements. 
Sec. 102. Implementation. 
TITLE II—TREATMENT OF AFFILIATE 
TRANSACTIONS 
Sec. 201. Treatment of affiliate transactions. TITLE III—HOLDING COMPANY REG-
ISTRATION THRESHOLD EQUALI-ZATION ACT 
Sec. 301. Registration threshold for savings 
and loan holding companies. 
TITLE IV—SMALL BUSINESS MERGERS, 
ACQUISITIONS, SALES, AND BROKER-AGE SIMPLIFICATION ACT 
Sec. 401. Registration exemption for merger 
and acquisition brokers. 
Sec. 402. Effective date. 
TITLE V—SWAP DATA REPOSITORY AND 
CLEARINGHOUSE INDEMNIFICATION CORRECTIONS 
Sec. 501. Repeal of indemnification require-
ments. 
TITLE VI—IMPROVING ACCESS TO CAP-
ITAL FOR EMERGING GROWTH COMPA-NIES ACT 
Sec. 601. Filing requirement for public filing 
prior to public offering. 
Sec. 602. Grace period for change of status of 
emerging growth companies. 
Sec. 603. Simplified disclosure requirements 
for emerging growth compa-nies. 
TITLE VII—SMALL COMPANY 
DISCLOSURE SIMPLIFICATION ACT 
Sec. 701. Exemption from XBRL require-
ments for emerging growth companies and other smaller companies. 
Sec. 702. Analysis by the SEC. Sec. 703. Report to Congress. Sec. 704. Definitions. 
TITLE VIII—RESTORING PROVEN FI-
NANCING FOR AMERICAN EMPLOYERS ACT 
Sec. 801. Rules of construction relating to 
collateralized loan obligations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.021 H07JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H72 January 7, 2015 
TITLE IX—SBIC ADVISERS RELIEF ACT 
Sec. 901. Advisers of SBICs and venture cap-
ital funds. 
Sec. 902. Advisers of SBICs and private 
funds. 
Sec. 903. Relationship to State law. 
TITLE X—DISCLOSURE MODERNIZATION 
AND SIMPLIFICATION ACT 
Sec. 1001. Summary page for form 10–K. 
Sec. 1002. Improvement of regulation S–K. Sec. 1003. Study on modernization and sim-
plification of regulation S–K. 
TITLE XI—ENCOURAGING EMPLOYEE 
OWNERSHIP ACT 
Sec. 1101. Increased threshold for disclosures 
relating to compensatory ben-efit plans. 
TITLE I—BUSINESS RISK MITIGATION AND 
PRICE STABILIZATION ACT 
SEC. 101. MARGIN REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) C OMMODITY EXCHANGE ACTAMEND -
MENT .—Section 4s(e) of the Commodity Ex-
change Act (7 U.S.C. 6s(e)), as added by sec-tion 731 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Re-form and Consumer Protection Act, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(4) A
PPLICABILITY WITH RESPECT TO  
COUNTERPARTIES .—The requirements of para-
graphs (2)(A)(ii) and (2)(B)(ii), including the initial and variation margin requirements imposed by rules adopted pursuant to para-graphs (2)(A)(ii) and (2)(B)(ii), shall not apply to a swap in which a counterparty qualifies for an exception under section 2(h)(7)(A), or an exemption issued under section 4(c)(1) from the requirements of section 2(h)(1)(A) for cooperative entities as defined in such exemption, or satisfies the criteria in section 2(h)(7)(D).’’. 
(b) S
ECURITIES EXCHANGE ACTAMEND -
MENT .—Section 15F(e) of the Securities Ex-
change Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78o–10(e)), as added by section 764(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protec-tion Act, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(4) A
PPLICABILITY WITH RESPECT TO  
COUNTERPARTIES .—The requirements of para-
graphs (2)(A)(ii) and (2)(B)(ii) shall not apply to a security-based swap in which a counterparty qualifies for an exception under section 3C(g)(1) or satisfies the criteria in section 3C(g)(4).’’. 
SEC. 102. IMPLEMENTATION. 
The amendments made by this title to the 
Commodity Exchange Act shall be imple-mented— 
(1) without regard to— (A) chapter 35 of title 44, United States 
Code; and 
(B) the notice and comment provisions of 
section 553 of title 5, United States Code; 
(2) through the promulgation of an interim 
final rule, pursuant to which public com-ment will be sought before a final rule is issued; and 
(3) such that paragraph (1) shall apply sole-
ly to changes to rules and regulations, or proposed rules and regulations, that are lim-ited to and directly a consequence of such amendments. 
TITLE II—TREATMENT OF AFFILIATE 
TRANSACTIONS 
SEC. 201. TREATMENT OF AFFILIATE TRANS-
ACTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— 
(1) C OMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT AMEND -
MENT .—Section 2(h)(7)(D)(i) of the Com-
modity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 2(h)(7)(D)(i)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—An affiliate of a person 
that qualifies for an exception under sub-paragraph (A) (including affiliate entities predominantly engaged in providing financ-ing for the purchase of the merchandise or 
manufactured goods of the person) may qual-ify for the exception only if the affiliate en-ters into the swap to hedge or mitigate the commercial risk of the person or other affil-iate of the person that is not a financial en-tity, provided that if the hedge or mitigation of such commercial risk is addressed by en-tering into a swap with a swap dealer or major swap participant, an appropriate cred-it support measure or other mechanism must be utilized.’’. 
(2) S
ECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 AMEND -
MENT .—Section 3C(g)(4)(A) of the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c–3(g)(4)(A)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—An affiliate of a person 
that qualifies for an exception under para-graph (1) (including affiliate entities pre-dominantly engaged in providing financing for the purchase of the merchandise or man-ufactured goods of the person) may qualify for the exception only if the affiliate enters into the security-based swap to hedge or mitigate the commercial risk of the person or other affiliate of the person that is not a financial entity, provided that if the hedge or mitigation such commercial risk is ad-dressed by entering into a security-based swap with a security-based swap dealer or major security-based swap participant, an appropriate credit support measure or other mechanism must be utilized.’’. 
(b) A
PPLICABILITY OF CREDIT SUPPORT  
MEASURE REQUIREMENT .—The requirements 
in section 2(h)(7)(D)(i) of the Commodity Ex-change Act and section 3C(g)(4)(A) of the Se-curities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended by subsection (a), requiring that a credit sup-port measure or other mechanism be utilized if the transfer of commercial risk referred to in such sections is addressed by entering into a swap with a swap dealer or major swap par-ticipant or a security-based swap with a se-curity-based swap dealer or major security- based swap participant, as appropriate, shall not apply with respect to swaps or security- based swaps, as appropriate, entered into be-fore the date of the enactment of this Act. 
TITLE III—HOLDING COMPANY REGISTRA-
TION THRESHOLD EQUALIZATION ACT 
SEC. 301. REGISTRATION THRESHOLD FOR SAV-
INGS AND LOAN HOLDING COMPA-NIES. 
The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 
U.S.C. 78a et seq.) is amended— 
(1) in section 12(g)— (A) in paragraph (1)(B), by inserting after 
‘‘is a bank’’ the following: ‘‘, a savings and loan holding company (as defined in section 10 of the Home Owners’ Loan Act),’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (4), by inserting after 
‘‘case of a bank’’ the following: ‘‘, a savings and loan holding company (as defined in sec-tion 10 of the Home Owners’ Loan Act),’’; and 
(2) in section 15(d), by striking ‘‘case of 
bank’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘case of a bank, a savings and loan holding company (as defined in section 10 of the Home Owners’ Loan Act),’’. 
TITLE IV—SMALL BUSINESS MERGERS, 
ACQUISITIONS, SALES, AND BROKERAGE SIMPLIFICATION ACT 
SEC. 401. REGISTRATION EXEMPTION FOR MERG-
ER AND ACQUISITION BROKERS. 
Section 15(b) of the Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78o(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(13) R
EGISTRATION EXEMPTION FOR MERGER  
AND ACQUISITION BROKERS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (B), an M&A broker shall be exempt from registration under this section. 
‘‘(B) E
XCLUDED ACTIVITIES .—An M&A 
broker is not exempt from registration under this paragraph if such broker does any of the following: ‘‘(i) Directly or indirectly, in connection 
with the transfer of ownership of an eligible privately held company, receives, holds, transmits, or has custody of the funds or se-curities to be exchanged by the parties to the transaction. 
‘‘(ii) Engages on behalf of an issuer in a 
public offering of any class of securities that is registered, or is required to be registered, with the Commission under section 12 or with respect to which the issuer files, or is required to file, periodic information, docu-ments, and reports under subsection (d). 
‘‘(C) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this paragraph shall be construed to limit any other authority of the Commission to exempt any person, or any class of persons, from any provision of this title, or from any provision of any rule or regulation there-under. 
‘‘(D) D
EFINITIONS .—In this paragraph: 
‘‘(i) C ONTROL .—The term ‘control’ means 
the power, directly or indirectly, to direct the management or policies of a company, whether through ownership of securities, by contract, or otherwise. There is a presump-tion of control for any person who— 
‘‘(I) is a director, general partner, member 
or manager of a limited liability company, or officer exercising executive responsibility (or has similar status or functions); 
‘‘(II) has the right to vote 20 percent or 
more of a class of voting securities or the power to sell or direct the sale of 20 percent or more of a class of voting securities; or 
‘‘(III) in the case of a partnership or lim-
ited liability company, has the right to re-ceive upon dissolution, or has contributed, 20 percent or more of the capital. 
‘‘(ii) E
LIGIBLE PRIVATELY HELD COMPANY .— 
The term ‘eligible privately held company’ means a company that meets both of the fol-lowing conditions: 
‘‘(I) The company does not have any class 
of securities registered, or required to be reg-istered, with the Commission under section 12 or with respect to which the company files, or is required to file, periodic informa-tion, documents, and reports under sub-section (d). 
‘‘(II) In the fiscal year ending immediately 
before the fiscal year in which the services of the M&A broker are initially engaged with respect to the securities transaction, the company meets either or both of the fol-lowing conditions (determined in accordance with the historical financial accounting records of the company): 
‘‘(aa) The earnings of the company before 
interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortiza-tion are less than $25,000,000. 
‘‘(bb) The gross revenues of the company 
are less than $250,000,000. 
‘‘(iii) M&A 
BROKER .—The term ‘M&A 
broker’ means a broker, and any person asso-ciated with a broker, engaged in the business of effecting securities transactions solely in connection with the transfer of ownership of an eligible privately held company, regard-less of whether the broker acts on behalf of a seller or buyer, through the purchase, sale, exchange, issuance, repurchase, or redemp-tion of, or a business combination involving, securities or assets of the eligible privately held company, if the broker reasonably be-lieves that— 
‘‘(I) upon consummation of the trans-
action, any person acquiring securities or as-sets of the eligible privately held company, acting alone or in concert, will control and, directly or indirectly, will be active in the management of the eligible privately held company or the business conducted with the assets of the eligible privately held com-pany; and 
‘‘(II) if any person is offered securities in 
exchange for securities or assets of the eligi-ble privately held company, such person will, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JA7.008 H07JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H73 January 7, 2015 
prior to becoming legally bound to consum-
mate the transaction, receive or have rea-sonable access to the most recent year-end balance sheet, income statement, statement of changes in financial position, and state-ment of owner’s equity of the issuer of the securities offered in exchange, and, if the fi-nancial statements of the issuer are audited, the related report of the independent audi-tor, a balance sheet dated not more than 120 days before the date of the offer, and infor-mation pertaining to the management, busi-ness, results of operations for the period cov-ered by the foregoing financial statements, and material loss contingencies of the issuer. 
‘‘(E) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—On the date that is 5 
years after the date of the enactment of this paragraph, and every 5 years thereafter, each dollar amount in subparagraph (D)(ii)(II) shall be adjusted by— 
‘‘(I) dividing the annual value of the Em-
ployment Cost Index For Wages and Salaries, Private Industry Workers (or any successor index), as published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics, for the calendar year preceding the calendar year in which the adjustment is being made by the annual value of such index (or successor) for the calendar year ending December 31, 2014; and 
‘‘(II) multiplying such dollar amount by 
the quotient obtained under subclause (I). 
‘‘(ii) R
OUNDING .—Each dollar amount de-
termined under clause (i) shall be rounded to the nearest multiple of $100,000.’’. 
SEC. 402. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
This Act and any amendment made by this 
Act shall take effect on the date that is 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
TITLE V—SWAP DATA REPOSITORY AND 
CLEARINGHOUSE INDEMNIFICATION CORRECTIONS 
SEC. 501. REPEAL OF INDEMNIFICATION RE-
QUIREMENTS. 
(a) D ERIVATIVES CLEARING ORGANIZA -
TIONS .—Section 5b(k)(5) of the Commodity 
Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 7a–1(k)(5)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(5) C
ONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT .—Before 
the Commission may share information with any entity described in paragraph (4), the Commission shall receive a written agree-ment from each entity stating that the enti-ty shall abide by the confidentiality require-ments described in section 8 relating to the information on swap transactions that is provided.’’. 
(b) S
WAP DATA REPOSITORIES .—Section 
21(d) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 24a(d)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(d) C
ONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT .—Before 
the swap data repository may share informa-tion with any entity described in subsection (c)(7), the swap data repository shall receive a written agreement from each entity stat-ing that the entity shall abide by the con-fidentiality requirements described in sec-tion 8 relating to the information on swap transactions that is provided.’’. 
(c) S
ECURITY -BASED SWAP DATA REPOSI -
TORIES .—Section 13(n)(5)(H) of the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m(n)(5)(H)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(H) C
ONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT .—Before 
the security-based swap data repository may share information with any entity described in subparagraph (G), the security-based swap data repository shall receive a written agree-ment from each entity stating that the enti-ty shall abide by the confidentiality require-ments described in section 24 relating to the information on security-based swap trans-actions that is provided.’’. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this Act shall take effect as if en-acted as part of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Pub-
lic Law 111–203) on July 21, 2010. 
TITLE VI—IMPROVING ACCESS TO CAP-
ITAL FOR EMERGING GROWTH COMPA-NIES ACT 
SEC. 601. FILING REQUIREMENT FOR PUBLIC FIL-
ING PRIOR TO PUBLIC OFFERING. 
Section 6(e)(1) of the Securities Act of 1933 
(15 U.S.C. 77f(e)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘21 days’’ and inserting ‘‘15 days’’. 
SEC. 602. GRACE PERIOD FOR CHANGE OF STA-
TUS OF EMERGING GROWTH COMPA-NIES. 
Section 6(e)(1) of the Securities Act of 1933 
(15 U.S.C. 77f(e)(1)) is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘An issuer that was an emerging growth company at the time it submitted a confidential reg-istration statement or, in lieu thereof, a pub-licly filed registration statement for review under this subsection but ceases to be an emerging growth company thereafter shall continue to be treated as an emerging mar-ket growth company for the purposes of this subsection through the earlier of the date on which the issuer consummates its initial public offering pursuant to such registra-tions statement or the end of the 1-year pe-riod beginning on the date the company ceases to be an emerging growth company.’’. 
SEC. 603. SIMPLIFIED DISCLOSURE REQUIRE-
MENTS FOR EMERGING GROWTH COMPANIES. 
Section 102 of the Jumpstart Our Business 
Startups Act (Public Law 112–106) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(d) S
IMPLIFIED DISCLOSURE REQUIRE -
MENTS .—With respect to an emerging growth 
company (as such term is defined under sec-tion 2 of the Securities Act of 1933): 
‘‘(1) R
EQUIREMENT TO INCLUDE NOTICE ON  
FORM S –1.—Not later than 30 days after the 
date of enactment of this subsection, the Se-curities and Exchange Commission shall re-vise its general instructions on Form S–1 to indicate that a registration statement filed (or submitted for confidential review) by an issuer prior to an initial public offering may omit financial information for historical pe-riods otherwise required by regulation S–X (17 C.F.R. 210.1–01 et seq.) as of the time of filing (or confidential submission) of such registration statement, provided that— 
‘‘(A) the omitted financial information re-
lates to a historical period that the issuer reasonably believes will not be required to be included in the Form S–1 at the time of the contemplated offering; and 
‘‘(B) prior to the issuer distributing a pre-
liminary prospectus to investors, such reg-istration statement is amended to include all financial information required by such regulation S–X at the date of such amend-ment. 
‘‘(2) R
ELIANCE BY ISSUERS .—Effective 30 
days after the date of enactment of this sub-section, an issuer filing a registration state-ment (or submitting the statement for con-fidential review) on Form S–1 may omit fi-nancial information for historical periods otherwise required by regulation S–X (17 C.F.R. 210.1–01 et seq.) as of the time of filing (or confidential submission) of such registra-tion statement, provided that— 
‘‘(A) the omitted financial information re-
lates to a historical period that the issuer reasonably believes will not be required to be included in the Form S–1 at the time of the contemplated offering; and 
‘‘(B) prior to the issuer distributing a pre-
liminary prospectus to investors, such reg-istration statement is amended to include all financial information required by such regulation S–X at the date of such amend-ment.’’. TITLE VII—SMALL COMPANY DISCLOSURE 
SIMPLIFICATION ACT 
SEC. 701. EXEMPTION FROM XBRL REQUIRE-
MENTS FOR EMERGING GROWTH COMPANIES AND OTHER SMALLER COMPANIES. 
(a) E XEMPTION FOR EMERGING GROWTH COM-
PANIES .—Emerging growth companies are ex-
empted from the requirements to use Exten-sible Business Reporting Language (XBRL) for financial statements and other periodic reporting required to be filed with the Com-mission under the securities laws. Such com-panies may elect to use XBRL for such re-porting. 
(b) E
XEMPTION FOR OTHER SMALLER COMPA -
NIES.—Issuers with total annual gross reve-
nues of less than $250,000,000 are exempt from the requirements to use XBRL for financial statements and other periodic reporting re-quired to be filed with the Commission under the securities laws. Such issuers may elect to use XBRL for such reporting. An exemp-tion under this subsection shall continue in effect until— 
(1) the date that is five years after the date 
of enactment of this Act; or 
(2) the date that is two years after a deter-
mination by the Commission, by order after conducting the analysis required by section 702, that the benefits of such requirements to such issuers outweigh the costs, but no ear-lier than three years after enactment of this Act. 
(c) M
ODIFICATIONS TO REGULATIONS .—Not 
later than 60 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Commission shall re-vise its regulations under parts 229, 230, 232, 239, 240, and 249 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, to reflect the exemptions set forth in subsections (a) and (b). 
SEC. 702. ANALYSIS BY THE SEC. 
The Commission shall conduct an analysis 
of the costs and benefits to issuers described in section 701(b) of the requirements to use XBRL for financial statements and other periodic reporting required to be filed with the Commission under the securities laws. Such analysis shall include an assessment of— 
(1) how such costs and benefits may differ 
from the costs and benefits identified by the Commission in the order relating to inter-active data to improve financial reporting (dated January 30, 2009; 74 Fed. Reg. 6776) be-cause of the size of such issuers; 
(2) the effects on efficiency, competition, 
capital formation, and financing and on ana-lyst coverage of such issuers (including any such effects resulting from use of XBRL by investors); 
(3) the costs to such issuers of— (A) submitting data to the Commission in 
XBRL; 
(B) posting data on the website of the 
issuer in XBRL; 
(C) software necessary to prepare, submit, 
or post data in XBRL; and 
(D) any additional consulting services or 
filing agent services; 
(4) the benefits to the Commission in terms 
of improved ability to monitor securities markets, assess the potential outcomes of regulatory alternatives, and enhance inves-tor participation in corporate governance and promote capital formation; and 
(5) the effectiveness of standards in the 
United States for interactive filing data rel-ative to the standards of international coun-terparts. 
SEC. 703. REPORT TO CONGRESS. 
Not later than one year after the date of 
enactment of this Act, the Commission shall provide the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate a report regarding— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JA7.008 H07JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H74 January 7, 2015 
(1) the progress in implementing XBRL re-
porting within the Commission; 
(2) the use of XBRL data by Commission 
officials; 
(3) the use of XBRL data by investors; (4) the results of the analysis required by 
section 702; and 
(5) any additional information the Com-
mission considers relevant for increasing transparency, decreasing costs, and increas-ing efficiency of regulatory filings with the Commission. 
SEC. 704. DEFINITIONS. 
As used in this title, the terms ‘‘Commis-
sion’’, ‘‘emerging growth company’’, ‘‘issuer’’, and ‘‘securities laws’’ have the meanings given such terms in section 3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c). 
TITLE VIII—RESTORING PROVEN FINANC-
ING FOR AMERICAN EMPLOYERS ACT 
SEC. 801. RULES OF CONSTRUCTION RELATING 
TO COLLATERALIZED LOAN OBLIGA-TIONS. 
Section 13(c)(2) of the Bank Holding Com-
pany Act of 1956 (12 U.S.C. 1851(c)(2)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘A banking entity or 
nonbank financial company supervised by the Board’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(A) G
ENERAL CONFORMANCE PERIOD .—A 
banking entity or nonbank financial com-pany supervised by the Board’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) C
ONFORMANCE PERIOD FOR CERTAIN  
COLLATERALIZED LOAN OBLIGATIONS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding sub-
paragraph (A), a banking entity or nonbank financial company supervised by the Board shall bring its activities related to or invest-ments in a debt security of a collateralized loan obligation issued before January 31, 2014, into compliance with the requirements of subsection (a)(1)(B) and any applicable rules relating to subsection (a)(1)(B) not later than July 21, 2019. 
‘‘(ii) C
OLLATERALIZED LOAN OBLIGATION .— 
For purposes of this subparagraph, the term ‘collateralized loan obligation’ means any issuing entity of an asset-backed security, as defined in section 3(a)(77) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(77)), that is comprised primarily of commercial loans.’’. 
TITLE IX—SBIC ADVISERS RELIEF ACT 
SEC. 901. ADVISERS OF SBICS AND VENTURE CAP-
ITAL FUNDS. 
Section 203(l) of the Investment Advisers 
Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80b–3(l)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘No investment adviser’’ 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—No investment adviser’’; 
and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) A
DVISERS OF SBICS .—For purposes of 
this subsection, a venture capital fund in-cludes an entity described in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) of subsection (b)(7) (other than an entity that has elected to be regu-lated or is regulated as a business develop-ment company pursuant to section 54 of the Investment Company Act of 1940).’’. 
SEC. 902. ADVISERS OF SBICS AND PRIVATE 
FUNDS. 
Section 203(m) of the Investment Advisers 
Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80b–3(m)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(3) A
DVISERS OF SBICS .—For purposes of 
this subsection, the assets under manage-ment of a private fund that is an entity de-scribed in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) of subsection (b)(7) (other than an entity that has elected to be regulated or is regulated as a business development company pursuant to section 54 of the Investment Company Act of 1940) shall be excluded from the limit set forth in paragraph (1).’’. SEC. 903. RELATIONSHIP TO STATE LAW. 
Section 203A(b)(1) of the Investment Advis-
ers Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80b–3a(b)(1)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘or’’ at 
the end; 
(2) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) that is not registered under section 
203 because that person is exempt from reg-istration as provided in subsection (b)(7) of such section, or is a supervised person of such person.’’. 
TITLE X—DISCLOSURE MODERNIZATION 
AND SIMPLIFICATION ACT 
SEC. 1001. SUMMARY PAGE FOR FORM 10–K. 
Not later than the end of the 180-day period 
beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Securities and Exchange Com-mission shall issue regulations to permit issuers to submit a summary page on form 10–K (17 C.F.R. 249.310), but only if each item on such summary page includes a cross-ref-erence (by electronic link or otherwise) to the material contained in form 10–K to which such item relates. 
SEC. 1002. IMPROVEMENT OF REGULATION S–K. 
Not later than the end of the 180-day period 
beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Securities and Exchange Com-mission shall take all such actions to revise regulation S–K (17 C.F.R. 229.10 et seq.)— 
(1) to further scale or eliminate require-
ments of regulation S–K, in order to reduce the burden on emerging growth companies, accelerated filers, smaller reporting compa-nies, and other smaller issuers, while still providing all material information to inves-tors; 
(2) to eliminate provisions of regulation S– 
K, required for all issuers, that are duplica-tive, overlapping, outdated, or unnecessary; and 
(3) for which the Commission determines 
that no further study under section 1003 is necessary to determine the efficacy of such revisions to regulation S–K. 
SEC. 1003. STUDY ON MODERNIZATION AND SIM-
PLIFICATION OF REGULATION S–K. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Securities and Exchange 
Commission shall carry out a study of the requirements contained in regulation S–K (17 C.F.R. 229.10 et seq.). Such study shall— 
(1) determine how best to modernize and 
simplify such requirements in a manner that reduces the costs and burdens on issuers while still providing all material informa-tion; 
(2) emphasize a company by company ap-
proach that allows relevant and material in-formation to be disseminated to investors without boilerplate language or static re-quirements while preserving completeness and comparability of information across reg-istrants; and 
(3) evaluate methods of information deliv-
ery and presentation and explore methods for discouraging repetition and the disclo-sure of immaterial information. 
(b) C
ONSULTATION .—In conducting the 
study required under subsection (a), the Commission shall consult with the Investor Advisory Committee and the Advisory Com-mittee on Small and Emerging Companies. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than the end of the 
360-day period beginning on the date of en-actment of this Act, the Commission shall issue a report to the Congress containing— 
(1) all findings and determinations made in 
carrying out the study required under sub-section (a); 
(2) specific and detailed recommendations 
on modernizing and simplifying the require-ments in regulation S–K in a manner that re-duces the costs and burdens on companies while still providing all material informa-tion; and (3) specific and detailed recommendations 
on ways to improve the readability and navi-gability of disclosure documents and to dis-courage repetition and the disclosure of im-material information. 
(d) R
ULEMAKING .—Not later than the end of 
the 360-day period beginning on the date that the report is issued to the Congress under subsection (c), the Commission shall issue a proposed rule to implement the rec-ommendations of the report issued under subsection (c). 
(e) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Revisions 
made to regulation S–K by the Commission under section 1002 shall not be construed as satisfying the rulemaking requirements under this section. 
TITLE XI—ENCOURAGING EMPLOYEE 
OWNERSHIP ACT 
SEC. 1101. INCREASED THRESHOLD FOR DISCLO-
SURES RELATING TO COMPEN-SATORY BENEFIT PLANS. 
Not later than 60 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Securities and Exchange Commission shall revise section 230.701(e) of title 17, Code of Federal Regula-tions, so as to increase from $5,000,000 to $10,000,000 the aggregate sales price or amount of securities sold during any con-secutive 12-month period in excess of which the issuer is required under such section to deliver an additional disclosure to investors. The Commission shall index for inflation such aggregate sales price or amount every 5 years to reflect the change in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers pub-lished by the Bureau of Labor Statistics, rounding to the nearest $1,000,000. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) and 
the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLISON ) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and to include extraneous mate-rials for the R
ECORD on H.R. 37, cur-
rently under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? 
There was no objection. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, thank you for the time 
and for the opportunity to again bring this bill before the House as a piece of a larger strategy that will bring great-er jobs and more opportunity to the American people and to American fam-ilies. 
I am proud to once again sponsor the 
Promoting Job Creation and Reducing Small Business Burdens Act, a bill which includes the language of pro- growth measures debated and passed last Congress in the Financial Services Committee and in the Agriculture Committee. 
While these proposals aren’t flashy, 
they represent bipartisan efforts to re-move the burdensome weight of one- size-fits-all regulation that has, sadly, become the norm for Washington. While often well-intentioned, many of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JA7.008 H07JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H75 January 7, 2015 
these top-down regulations hurt small 
businesses and emerging businesses in critical sectors like biotechnology. 
As the Representative of one of the 
Nation’s fastest-growing biotech re-gions just outside Philadelphia, I have experienced firsthand the impact of this vibrant industry in southeastern Pennsylvania. Employing thousands of hardworking men and women, this sec-tor harnesses the best of our STEM community and what it has to offer in our efforts to create treatments and cures for devastating diseases from dia-betes and Alzheimer’s to cancer and HIV/AIDS. 
For these businesses, government 
overregulation often treats the little guy the same as big multinational cor-porations, tying them in costly red tape at the expense of their ability to research, to develop, to innovate, and to hire. 
This bill takes a meaningful step to-
ward ensuring smarter, tailored regula-tions which unleash businesses, like biotech companies in my district, to invest in themselves and in their work-ers. But biotech workers wouldn’t be the only ones to benefit. So would em-ployees at retailers like grocery chain Wegmans. 
Employing 44,000 people, including 
8,200 in the Commonwealth of Pennsyl-vania, Wegmans is constantly ranked among the Nation’s best places to work by Fortune magazine, a grade they at-tribute to their employee ownership opportunities, which allow their work-ers to have a stake in the business that they work for. 
However, a little-known piece of reg-
ulatory overreach is hamstringing these opportunities, an overreach rec-ognized and adjusted by this legisla-tion. By creating a more realistic regu-latory environment, this bill provides relief to businesses looking to retain their best employees, while allowing workers to invest in the company and in their own futures. 
In lieu of the failed Washington ef-
forts of the past which tried to simply legislate more jobs into existence, the Promoting Job Creation and Reducing Small Business Burdens Act is very much a jobs bill because it addresses these job-creating needs. By reining in government’s heavyhanded approach to regulating the economy, we can pro-vide a bipartisan path toward getting people back to work, helping busi-nesses grow, and ensuring hardworking Americans keep more of their hard- earned money. 
b1315 
Mr. Speaker, the challenges facing 
our economy are steep. However, they are no more daunting than the chal-lenges we have overcome in the past in the way that Americans have always approached adversity: head on, with American ingenuity, practicality, and a commitment of leaders on both sides of the aisle to act in the best interests of the working men and women we rep-resent. The ushering in of this new Congress 
gives us the perfect opportunity for Members of both parties to unite around efforts to put the American worker back in the driver’s seat and to establish a bipartisan playbook for ad-vancing common goals. Now is the time, and the Promoting Job Creation and Reducing Small Business Burdens Act is an important part of that proc-ess. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , 
Washington, DC, January 7, 2015. 
Hon. J EBHENSARLING , 
Chairman, Committee on Financial Services, 
Rayburn House Office Building, Wash-ington, DC. 
D
EARCHAIRMAN HENSARLING : I am writing 
concerning H.R. 37. ‘‘Promoting Job Creation and Reducing Small Business Burdens Act.’’ 
As you know, provisions of H.R. 37 are 
within the jurisdiction of the Committee on Agriculture. In order to expedite floor con-sideration of the bill, the Committee on Ag-riculture will forgo action on H.R. 37. Fur-ther, the Committee will not oppose the bill’s consideration on the suspension cal-endar. This is also being done with the un-derstanding that it does not in any way prej-udice the Committee with respect to the ap-pointment of conferees or its jurisdictional prerogatives on this or similar legislation. 
I would appreciate your response to this 
letter, confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 37, and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during Floor consideration. 
Sincerely. 
K. M
ICHAEL CONAWAY , 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES , 
Washington, DC, January 7, 2015. 
Hon. K. M ICHAEL CONAWAY , 
Chairman, Committee on Agriculture, Long-
worth House Office Building, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR CHAIRMAN CONAWAY : Thank you for 
your letter of even date herewith regarding H.R. 37, the Promoting Job Creation and Re-ducing Small Business Burdens Act. 
I am most appreciative of your decision to 
forego consideration of H.R. 37 so that it may move expeditiously to the House floor. I acknowledge that although you are waiving formal consideration of the bill, the Com-mittee on Agriculture is in no way waiving its jurisdiction over any subject matter con-tained in the bill that falls within its juris-diction. In addition, if a conference is nec-essary on this legislation, I will support any request that your committee be represented therein. 
Finally, I shall be pleased to include your 
letter and this letter in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of H.R. 37. 
Sincerely. 
J
EBHENSARLING , 
Chairman. 
Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself as much time as I may con-sume. 
What is before us today is a mini om-
nibus bill that contains, actually, 11 separate pieces of legislation, some of which may not be controversial but some of which are incredibly con-troversial and do not belong in this leg-islation. This is not an emergency. We have a new Congress. This bill should 
go through the regular order. Unlike the TRIA bill we just talked about, this bill is a bill which should and must go through the regular order, and it is absolutely inappropriate for the sus-pension calendar. 
Our Republican friends would have us 
believe that this is just some benign piece of legislation, yet this bill con-tains not only procedural problems but substantive problems which have never seen the light of day in any committee. Some of the legislation has only been public for about 24 hours, and what is particularly frightening is that the text of the bill has changed at least three times since Tuesday. We just got started yesterday in talking about the importance of regular order, and we are already violating those claims and promises. 
Mr. Speaker, the House of Represent-
atives should return to regular order with this piece of legislation, and I urge my colleagues to reject it. Reg-ular order, whereby legislation is de-bated at a hearing, marked up by a committee, and then finally considered by the whole House, is the process by which we vet legislation. That is not going on right here and right now, and there is no good reason for it. We do this to ensure that we fully understand the changing law. Nevertheless, Repub-licans have come here to suspend the rules and to consider a package of 11 bills which will ease the oversight of Wall Street firms, large banks, multi-national corporations, and certain bro-kers. 
It should be pointed out right now 
that the ranking member of the House Financial Services Committee, M
AXINE  
WATERS , who is unable to be in Wash-
ington due to personal matters she has to address, has issued a call to reject this piece of legislation for many of the reasons I am articulating now. 
I think it is also important to point 
out that there are 52 Members of Con-gress who were sworn in yesterday and who represent more than 30 million Americans who will have to vote on bills affecting a collateral firm’s pledge, when they borrow money, af-fecting what information must be dis-closed about certain brokers and finan-cial statements of firms, without the opportunity to offer changes. This is the absolute antithesis of regular order, and this bill is not appropriate. We urge a ‘‘no.’’ 
I would like to talk a little bit about 
the specific reasons this bill is bad. Members should know that this is not the identical bill that came through in the fall. It has very important changes. If you voted for it last fall, that is no reason to vote for this bill now. 
First, the Volcker rule. This bill un-
dercuts an important part of the Dodd- Frank Wall Street Reform and Con-sumer Protection Act. The Volcker rule was intended to prevent deposit- taking banks—banks that use money insured by the Federal Government, the people’s money—from making bets 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.024 H07JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H76 January 7, 2015 
and using taxpayer-insured funds. The 
Federal Reserve went out of its way to try to ease the transition to a safer system, but this bill would give megabanks an additional 2 years, total-ing 5 years, to sell off certain securities in which they retain ownership rights—5 more years of risk, 5 more years of massive profit-taking. This provision, which almost certainly juices the profits of big, megabanks like Citigroup and JPMorgan, has never been vetted. The public has not even had a day to review the text. It is wrong that bills that help Wall Street and multinational corporations get fast-tracked on day 2 of this Congress while bills that help working families get slowed up for years, literally. 
Just last month, Republicans suc-
cessfully handed Citigroup and other megabanks a multibillion-dollar gift by repealing another reform measure, known as the ‘‘swaps push-out,’’ which was intended to prevent another Great Recession. The repeal of that provision allowed the megabanks to continue to borrow money from the Federal Re-serve lending window, which is cur-rently at about zero percent interest, to finance their risky derivatives. Ex-perts have weighed in. Let me read for the R
ECORD the statement by the CEO 
of Better Markets: 
‘‘It’s all about the bonus pool,’’ said Dennis 
Kelleher, president and CEO of Better Mar-kets, a financial reform nonprofit. ‘‘The at-tack on the Volcker rule has been nonstop because proprietary trading is about big- time bets that result in big-time bonuses. Wall Street has been fighting it from day one, and they’re not going to stop.’’ 
If you believe that there are things in 
this mini omnibus, or this megabill, that might be worth your support, un-derstand that this particular provision has not been vetted anywhere. For that reason alone they are literally trying to sneak it in, and you should vote against it. 
Also, this particular bill includes 
three other provisions that weaken the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. These provi-sions take away the authority of regu-lators who are charged with ensuring that everybody plays by the same rules so that, if at some point in the future, we find out that our financial system is threatened, our regulators will be un-able to take decisive action to fix the problems that they can fix today. 
After witnessing the effect that one 
type of derivative—the credit default swap—had in spreading losses from the subprime mortgage market around the world, I would like to know why our first order of business in this Congress is to roll back the financial reforms that this Congress deliberated on and passed over an 18-month period fol-lowing the 2008 financial crisis. 
This bill undermines investor protec-
tions. It includes three provisions that have the potential to leave investors worse off than they are today. As we proclaim small investors and workers and all of these things, why are we un-dermining investor protections? In one 
instance, the bill exempts individuals who would broker a merger of a pri-vately owned company to be exempt from SEC regulations. Since this legis-lation passed in a previous Congress, the SEC has taken action to make this unnecessary. However, if we pass this bill today, we will undermine a few basic investor protections that the SEC has retained. 
For example, the SEC determined 
that bad actors, such as convicted se-curities fraudsters, should not be able to take advantage of a carve-out. How-ever, by voting ‘‘yes,’’ you are saying that it is okay for people convicted of fraud to sell other things, like fran-chises or the restaurant down the street. Another provision would allow 75 percent of all public companies to no longer report their financial state-ments in computer readable formats. When everything is online today and when investors rely on computers to crunch the financials of various compa-nies, this bill comes across as a huge step backwards. 
My colleagues want to address this 
bill, and I think it is important that they do. So, at this point, I am going to urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I 
now yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ONAWAY ), who is the 
chairman of the Agriculture Com-mittee. 
Mr. CONAWAY. I thank my colleague 
from Pennsylvania for allowing me to speak on his bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of H.R. 37, the Promoting Job Creation and Reducing Small Business Burdens Act. 
I am especially proud of and would 
like to highlight the past work of the Agriculture Committee on the three ti-tles of this bill under its jurisdiction: the Business Risk Mitigation and Price Stabilization Act; a provision on the treatment of affiliate transactions; and a provision regarding swap data reposi-tory and clearinghouse indemnification correction. 
As I noted in the debate earlier today 
on TRIA, the Business Risk Mitigation and Price Stabilization Act is legisla-tion to clarify Congress’ intent to ex-empt non-financial businesses from a misguided regulatory requirement to post margin requirements on their hedging activities. Clearing and mar-gining, while appropriate for some transactions, are not appropriate for end users hedging real-world commer-cial risks. Their hedging activities are not large enough to present a systemic risk, and a margin requirement rep-resents a significant and needless ex-pense with little value to the overall fi-nancial system. 
Title I puts in statute protections for 
American businesses. To grow our economy, businesses should use their scarce capital to buy new equipment, to hire more workers, to build new fa-cilities, and to invest in the future. They cannot do that if they are re-
quired to hold money in margin ac-
counts to fulfill a misguided regula-tion. 
Similarly, title II, regarding the 
treatment of interaffiliate trans-actions, was also passed by the House multiple times in the 113th Congress, and it will provide additional certainty to American businesses. It will do so by preventing the redundant regulation of harmless interaffiliate transactions that would unnecessarily tie up the working capital of companies, with no added protections for the market or benefits to our consumers. Today, busi-nesses across the Nation rely on the ability to centralize their hedging ac-tivities. This consolidation of a hedg-ing portfolio across a corporate group allows businesses to reduce costs, to simplify their financial dealings, and to reduce their counterparty credit risk. Title II of this bill will allow American businesses to continue uti-lizing this efficient, time-tested model. 
Finally, title V of H.R. 37 provides 
much-needed corrections to the swap data repository and clearinghouse in-demnification requirements of Dodd- Frank. Currently, Dodd-Frank requires a foreign regulator requesting informa-tion from a U.S. swap data repository or derivatives clearing organization to provide a written agreement stating it will abide by certain confidentiality re-quirements and will indemnify the U.S. Commissions for any expenses arising from litigation relating to the request for that information. 
The concept of indemnification—re-
quiring a party to contractually agree to pay for another party’s possible liti-gation expenses—is established within U.S. tort law and does not exist in many foreign jurisdictions. Thus, it is not possible for some foreign regu-lators to agree to these indemnifica-tion requirements. This requirement threatens to make data-sharing ar-rangements with foreign regulators un-workable. 
H.R. 37 mitigates this problem by 
simply removing the indemnification provisions in Dodd-Frank while main-taining the prerequisite written agree-ment requiring certain confidentiality obligations will be met. So, rather than stripping down Dodd-Frank, as we are so often accused of doing, this change would actually serve to enhance mar-ket transparency and risk mitigation by ensuring that regulators and mar-ket participants have access to a global set of swap market data. 
As chairman of the House Committee 
on Agriculture and as a cosponsor of each of these three bills in the 113th Congress, I appreciate Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ’s work in bringing these 
provisions together in a package that reduces the regulatory burdens and that promotes economic growth. I strongly urge my colleagues to support the legislation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.026 H07JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H77 January 7, 2015 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , 
Washington, DC, January 7, 2015. 
MR. SPEAKER : I am pleased to see three 
bills that the House Committee on Agri-culture passed in the 113th Congress included as Titles I, II, and V of H.R. 37, ‘‘Promoting Job Creation and Reducing Small Business Burdens Act.’’ 
H.R. 634, H.R. 5471, and H.R. 742, which 
were also included as Subtitles A, B, and C of Title III of H.R. 4413, ‘‘Customer Protection and End-User Relief Act,’’ from the 113th Congress, provide important protections to end-users from costly margining require-ments and needless regulatory burdens; as well as correct an unworkable provision in Dodd-Frank which required foreign regu-lators to break their local laws in order to access the market data they needed to en-force their laws. 
In support of these titles, I would like to 
request that the pertinent portions of the Committee on Agriculture report to accom-pany H.R. 4413 in the 113th Congress be in-cluded in the appropriate place in the Con-gressional Record. 
Sincerely, 
K. M
ICHAEL CONAWAY , 
Chairman. 
TITLE 3—E ND-USERRELIEF  
SUBTITLE A —END-USER EXEMPTION FROM  
MARGIN REQUIREMENTS  
Section 311—End-user margin requirements 
Section 311 amends Section 4s(e) of the 
Commodity Exchange Act (CEA) as added by Section 731 of the Dodd-Frank Act to provide an explicit exemption from margin require-ments for swap transactions involving end- users that qualify for the clearing exception under 2(h)(7)(A). 
‘‘End-users’’ are thousands of companies 
across the United States who utilize deriva-tives to hedge risks associated with their day-to-day operations, such as fluctuations in the prices of raw materials. Because these businesses do not pose systemic risk, Con-gress intended that the Dodd-Frank Act pro-vide certain exemptions for end-users to en-sure they were not unduly burdened by new margin and capital requirements associated with their derivatives trades that would hamper their ability to expand and create jobs. 
Indeed, Title VII of the Dodd-Frank Act in-
cludes an exemption for non-financial end- users from centrally clearing their deriva-tives trades. This exemption permits end- users to continue trading directly with a counterparty, (also known as trading ‘‘bilat-erally,’’ or over-the-counter (OTC)) which means their swaps are negotiated privately between two parties and they are not exe-cuted and cleared using an exchange or clearinghouse. Generally, it is common for non-financial end-users, such as manufactur-ers, to avoid posting cash margin for their OTC derivative trades. End-users generally will not post margin because they are able to negotiate such terms with their counterpar-ties due to the strength of their own balance sheet or by posting non-cash collateral, such as physical property. End-users typically seek to preserve their cash and liquid assets for reinvestment in their businesses. In rec-ognition of this common practice, the Dodd- Frank Act included an exemption from mar-gin requirements for end-users for OTC trades. 
Section 731 of the Dodd-Frank Act (and 
Section 764 with respect to security-based swaps) requires margin requirements be ap-plied to swap dealers and major swap partici-pants for swaps that are not centrally cleared. For swap dealers and major swap participants that are banks, the prudential banking regulators (such as the Federal Re-
serve or Federal Deposit Insurance Corpora-tion) are required to set the margin require-ments. For swap dealers and major swap par-ticipants that are not banks, the CFTC is re-quired to set the margin requirements. Both the CFTC and the banking regulators have issued their own rule proposals establishing margin requirements pursuant to Section 731. 
Following the enactment of the Dodd- 
Frank Act in July of 2010, uncertainty arose regarding whether this provision permitted the regulators to impose margin require-
ments on swap dealers when they trade with end-users, which could then result in either a direct or indirect margin requirement on end-users. Subsequently, Senators Blanche Lincoln and Chris Dodd sent a letter to then- Chairmen Barney Frank and Collin Peterson on June 30, 2010, to set forth and clarify con-gressional intent, stating: 
The legislation does not authorize the reg-
ulators to impose margin on end-users, those exempt entities that use swaps to hedge or mitigate commercial risk. If regulators raise the costs of end-user transactions, they may create more risk. It is imperative that the regulators do not unnecessarily divert work-ing capital from our economy into margin accounts, in a way that would discourage hedging by end-users or impair economic growth. 
In addition, statements in the legislative 
history of section 731 (and Section 764) sug-gests that Congress did not intend, in enact-ing this section, to impose margin require-ments on nonfinancial end-users engaged in hedging activities, even in cases where they entered into swaps with swap entities. 
In the CFTC’s proposed rule on margin, it 
does not require margin for un-cleared swaps when non-bank swap dealers transact with non-financial end-users. However, the pru-dential banking regulators proposed rules would require margin be posted by non-fi-nancial end-users above certain established thresholds when they trade with swap deal-ers that are banks. Many of end-users’ trans-actions occur with swap dealers that are banks, so the banking regulators’ proposed rule is most relevant, and therefore of most concern, to end-users. 
By the prudential banking regulators’ own 
terms, their proposal to require margin stems directly from what they view to be a legal obligation under Title VII. The plain language of section 731 provides that the Agencies adopt rules for covered swap enti-ties imposing margin requirements on all non-cleared swaps. Despite clear congres-sional intent, those sections do not, by their terms, exclude a swap with a counterparty, that is a commercial end-user. By providing an explicit exemption under Title VII through enactment of this provision, the prudential regulators will no longer have a perceived legal obligation, and the congres-sional intent they acknowledge in their pro-posed rule will be implemented. 
The Committee notes that in September of 
2013, the International Organization of Secu-rities Commissions (IOSCO) and the Bank of International Settlements published their final recommendations for margin require-ments for uncleared derivatives. Representa-tives from a number of U.S. regulators, in-cluding the CFTC and the Board of Gov-ernors of the Federal Reserve participated in the development of those margin require-ments, which are intended to set baseline international standards for margin require-ments. It is the intent of the Committee that any margin requirements promulgated under the authority provided in Section 4s of the Commodity Exchange Act should be gen-erally consistent with the international mar-gin standards established by IOSCO. On March 14, 2013, at a hearing entitled 
‘‘Examining Legislative Improvements to Title VII of the Dodd-Frank Act,’’ the fol-lowing testimony was provided to the Com-mittee with respect to provisions included in Section 311: 
In approving the Dodd-Frank Act, Con-
gress made clear that end-users were not to be subject to margin requirements. Nonethe-less, regulations proposed by the Prudential Banking Regulators could require end-users to post margin. This stems directly from what they view to be a legal obligation under Title VII. While the regulations proposed by the CFTC are preferable, they do not provide end-users with the certainty that legislation offers. According to a Coalition for Deriva-tives End-Users survey, a 3% initial margin requirement could reduce capital spending by as much as $5.1 to $6.7 billion among S&P 500 companies alone and cost 100,000 to 130,000 jobs. To shed some light on Honey-well’s potential exposure to margin require-ments, we had approximately $2 billion of hedging contracts outstanding at year-end that would be defined as a swap under Dodd- Frank. Applying 3% initial margin and 10% variation margin implies a potential margin requirement of $260 million. Cash deposited in a margin account cannot be productively 
deployed in our businesses and therefore de-tracts from Honeywell’s financial perform-ance and ability to promote economic growth and protect American jobs.—Mr. James E. Colby, Assistant Treasurer, Honey-well International Inc. 
On May 21, 2013, at a hearing entitled ‘‘The 
Future of the CFTC: Market Perspectives,’’ Mr. Stephen O’Connor, Chairman, ISDA, pro-vided the following testimony with respect to provisions included in Section 311: 
Perhaps most importantly, we do not be-
lieve that initial margin will contribute to the shared goal of reducing systemic risk and increasing systemic resilience. When ro-bust variation margin practices are em-ployed, the additional step of imposing ini-tial margin imposes an extremely high cost on both market participants and on systemic resilience with very little countervailing benefit. The Lehman and AIG situations highlight the importance of variation mar-gin. AIG did not follow sound variation mar-gin practices, which resulted in dangerous levels of credit risk building up, ultimately leading to its bailout. Lehman, on the other hand, posted daily variation margin, and while its failure caused shocks in many mar-kets, the variation margin prevented out-sized losses in the OTC derivatives markets. While industry and regulators agree on a ro-bust variation margin regime including all appropriate products and counterparties, the further step of moving to mandatory IM [ini-tial margin] does not stand up to any rig-orous cost-benefit analysis. 
Based on the extensive background that 
accompanies the statutory change provided explicitly in Section 311, the Committee in-tends that initial and variation margin re-quirements cannot be imposed on uncleared swaps entered into by cooperative entities if they similarly qualify for the CFTC’s cooper-ative exemption with respect to cleared swaps. Cooperative entities did not cause the financial crisis and should not be required to incur substantial new costs associated with posting initial and variation margin to counterparties. In the end, these costs will be borne by their members in the form of higher prices and more limited access to credit, especially in underserved markets, such as in rural America. Therefore, the Committee’s clear intent when drafting Sec-tion 311 was to prohibit the CFTC and pru-dential regulators, including the Farm Cred-it Administration, from imposing margin re-quirements on cooperative entities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JA7.021 H07JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H78 January 7, 2015 
SUBTITLE B —INTER -AFFILIATE SWAPS  
Sec. 321—Treatment of affiliate transactions 
‘‘Inter-affiliate’’ swaps are contracts exe-
cuted between entities under common cor-porate ownership. Section 321 would amend the Commodity Exchange Act to provide an exemption for inter-affiliate swaps from the clearing and execution requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act so long as the swap trans-action hedges or mitigates the commercial risk of an entity that is not a financial enti-ty. The section also requires that an ‘‘appro-priate credit support measure or other mech-anism’’ be utilized between the entity seek-ing to hedge against commercial risk if it transacts with a swap dealer or major swap participant, but this credit support measure requirement is effective prospectively from the date H.R. 4413 is enacted into law. 
Importantly, with respect to Section 321’s 
use of the phrase ‘‘credit support measure or other mechanism,’’ the Committee unequivo-cally does not intend for the CFTC to inter-pret this statutory language as a mandate to require initial or variation margin for swap transactions. The Committee intends for the CFTC to recognize that credit support meas-ures and other mechanisms have been in use between counterparties and affiliates en-gaged in swap transactions for many years in different formats, and therefore, there is no need to engage in a rulemaking to define such broad terminology. 
Section 321 originated from the need to 
provide relief for a parent company that has multiple affiliates within a single corporate group. Individually, these affiliates may seek to offset their business risks through swaps. However, rather than having each af-filiate separately go to the market to engage in a swap with a dealer counterparty, many companies will employ a business model in which only a single or limited number of en-tities, such as a treasury hedging center, face swap dealers. These designated external facing entities will then allocate the trans-action and its risk mitigating benefits to the affiliate seeking to mitigate its underlying risk. 
Companies that use this business model 
argue that it reduces the overall credit risk a corporate group poses to the market be-cause they can net their positions across af-filiates, reducing the number of external fac-ing transactions overall. In addition, it per-mits a company to enhance its efficiency by centralizing its risk management expertise in a single or limited number of affiliates. 
Should these inter-affiliate transactions be 
treated as all other swaps, they could be sub-ject to clearing, execution and margin re-quirements. Companies that use inter-affil-iate swaps are concerned that this could sub-stantially increase their costs, without any real reduction in risk in light of the fact that these swaps are purely for internal use. For example, these swaps could be ‘‘double- margined’’—when the centralized entity faces an external swap dealer, and then again when the same transaction is allocated in-ternally to the affiliate that sought to hedge the risk. 
The uncertainty that exists regarding the 
treatment of inter-affiliate swaps spans mul-tiple rulemakings that have been proposed or that will be proposed pursuant to the Dodd- Frank Act. Section 321 provides certainty and clarity as to what inter-affiliate trans-actions are and how they are not to be regu-lated as swaps when the parties to the trans-action are under common control. 
On March, 14, 2013, at a hearing entitled 
‘‘Examining Legislative Improvements to Title VII of the Dodd-Frank Act,’’ the fol-lowing testimony was provided with respect to efforts to address the problem with inter- affiliate swaps: [I]nter-affiliate swaps provide important 
benefits to corporate groups by enabling cen-tralized management of market, liquidity, capital and other risks inherent in their businesses and allowing these groups to real-ize hedging efficiencies. Since the swaps are between affiliates, rather than with external counterparties, they pose no systemic risk and therefore there are no significant gains to be achieved by requiring them to be cleared or subjecting them to margin posting requirements. In addition, these swaps are not market transactions and, as a result, re-quiring market participants to report them or trade them on an exchange or swap execu-tion facility provides no transparency bene-fits to the market—if anything, it would in-troduce useless noise that would make Dodd- Frank’s transparency rules less helpful.— Hon. Kenneth E. Bentsen, Acting President and CEO, SIFMA 
This legislation would ensure that inter-af-
filiate derivatives trades, which take place between affiliated entities within a cor-porate group, do not face the same demand-ing regulatory requirements as market-fac-ing swaps. The legislation would also ensure that end-users are not penalized for using central hedging centers to manage their commercial risk. There are two serious prob-lems facing end-users that need addressing. First, under the CFTC’s proposed inter-affil-iate swap rule, financial end-users would have to clear purely internal trades between affiliates unless they posted variation mar-gin between the affiliates or met specific re-
quirements for an exception [i]f these end- users have to post variation margin, there is little point to exempting inter-affiliate trades from clearing requirements, as the costs could be similar. And let’s not forget the larger point—internal end-user trades do not create systemic risk and, hence, should not be regulated the same as those trades that do. Second, many end-users—approxi-mately one-quarter of those we surveyed— execute swaps through an affiliate. This of course makes sense, as many companies find it more efficient to manage their risk cen-trally, to have one affiliate trading in the open market, instead of dozens or hundreds of affiliates making trades in an uncoordi-nated fashion. Using this type of hedging unit centralizes expertise, allows companies to reduce the number of trades with the street and improves pricing. These advan-tages led me to centralize the treasury func-tion at Westinghouse while I was there. How-ever, the regulators’ interpretation of the Dodd-Frank Act confronts non-financial end- users with a choice: either dismantle their central hedging centers and find a new way to manage risk, or clear all of their trades. Stated another way, this problem threatens to deny the end-user clearing exception to those end-users who have chosen to hedge their risk in an efficient, highly-effective and risk-reducing way. It is difficult to be-lieve that this is the result Congress hoped to achieve.—Ms. Marie N. Hollein, C.T.P., President and CEO, Financial Executives International, on behalf of the Coalition for Derivatives End-Users 
SUBTITLE C —INDEMNIFICATION REQUIREMENTS  
RELATED TO SWAP DATA REPOSITORIES  
Section 331—Indemnification requirements 
Section 331 strikes the indemnification re-
quirements found in ‘‘Sections 725 and 728 of the Dodd-Frank Act related to swap data gathered by swap data repositories (SDRs) and derivatives clearing organizations (DCOs). The section does maintain, however, that before an SDR, DCO, or the CFTC shares information with domestic or inter-national regulators, they have to receive a written agreement stating that the regulator 
will abide by certain confidentiality agree-ments. Swap data repositories serve as electronic 
warehouses for data and information regard-ing swap transactions. Historically, SDRs have regularly shared information with for-eign regulators as a means to cooperate, ex-change views and share information related to OTC derivatives CCPs and trade reposi-tories. Prior to Dodd-Frank, international guidelines required regulators to maintain the confidentiality of information obtained from SDRs, which facilitated global informa-
tion sharing that is critical to international regulators’ ability to monitor for systemic risk. 
Under Sections 725 and 728 of the Dodd- 
Frank Act, when a foreign regulator requests information from a U.S registered SDR or DCO, the SDR or DCO is required to receive a written agreement from the foreign regu-lator stating that it will abide by certain confidentiality requirements and will ‘‘in-demnify’’ the Commissions for any expenses arising from litigation relating to the re-quest for information. In short, the concept of ‘‘indemnification’’—requiring a party to contractually agree to pay for another par-ty’s possible litigation expenses—is only well established in U.S. tort law, and does not exist in practice or in legal concept in for-eign jurisdictions. 
These indemnification provisions—which 
were not included in the financial reform bill passed by the House of Representatives in December 2009—threaten to make data shar-ing arrangements with foreign regulators un-workable. Foreign regulators will most like-ly refuse to indemnify U.S. regulators for litigation expenses in exchange for access to data. As a result, foreign regulators may es-tablish their own data repositories and clear-ing organizations to ensure they have access to data they need to perform their super-visory duties. This would lead to the cre-ation of multiple databases, needlessly dupli-cative data collection efforts, and the possi-bility of inconsistent or incomplete data being collected and maintained across mul-tiple jurisdictions. 
In testimony before the House Committee 
on Financial Services in March of 2012, the then-Director of International Affairs for the SEC, Mr. Ethiopis Tafara, endorsed a legisla-tive solution to the problem, stating that: 
The SEC recommends that Congress con-
sider removing the indemnification require-ment added by the Dodd-Frank Act . . . the indemnification requirement interferes with access to essential information, including in-formation about the cross-border OTC de-rivatives markets. In removing the indem-nification requirement, Congress would as-sist the SEC, as well as other U.S. regu-lators, in securing the access it needs to data held in global trade repositories. Removing the indemnification requirement would ad-dress a significant issue of contention with our foreign counterparts . . . 
At the same hearing, the then-General 
Counsel for the CFTC, Mr. Dan Berkovitz, acknowledged that they too have received growing concerns from foreign regulators, but that they intend to issue interpretive guidance, stating that ‘‘access to swap data reported to a trade repository that is reg-istered with the CFTC will not be subject to the indemnification provisions of the Com-modity Exchange Act if such trade reposi-tory is regulated pursuant to foreign law and the applicable requested data is reported to the trade repository pursuant to foreign law.’’ 
To provide clarity to the marketplace and 
remove any legal barriers to swap data being easily shared with various domestic and for-eign regulatory agencies, this section would remove the indemnification requirements found in Sections 725 and 728 of the Dodd- Frank Act related to swap data gathered by SDRs and DCOs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JA7.022 H07JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H79 January 7, 2015 
On March 14, 2013, at a hearing entitled 
‘‘Examining Legislative Improvements to Title VII of the Dodd-Frank Act,’’ Mr. Larry Thompson, Managing Director and General Counsel, the Depository Trust and Clearing Corporation, provided the following testi-mony with respect to provisions of H.R. 742, which were included in Section 331: 
The Swap Data Repository and Clearing-
house Indemnification Correction Act of 2013 would make U.S. law consistent with exist-ing international standards by removing the indemnification provisions from sections 728 and 763 of Dodd-Frank. DTCC strongly sup-ports this legislation, which we believe rep-resents the only viable solution to the unin-
tended consequences of indemnification. H.R. 742 is necessary because the statutory language in Dodd-Frank leaves little room for regulators to act without U.S. Congres-sional intervention. This point was rein-forced in the CFTC/SEC January 2012 Joint Report on International Swap Regulation, which noted that the Commissions ‘‘are working to develop solutions that provide access to foreign regulators in a manner con-sistent with the DFA and to ensure access to foreign-based information.’’ It indicates leg-islation is needed, saying that ‘‘Congress may determine that a legislative amendment to the indemnification provision is appro-priate.’’ H.R. 742 would send a clear message to the international community that the United States is strongly committed to glob-al data sharing and determined to avoid frag-menting the current global data set for over- the-counter (OTC) derivatives. By amending and passing this legislation to ensure that technical corrections to indemnification are addressed, Congress will help create the proper environment for the development of a global trade repository system to support systemic risk management and oversight. 
Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
21⁄2minutes to the gentleman from 
Michigan (Mr. K ILDEE ), who is a mem-
ber of the Financial Services Com-mittee and an active participant on that committee. 
Mr. KILDEE. I thank my friend for 
yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, here we are on the sec-
ond day of the 114th Congress. It has not yet been 24 hours since Members of this Congress were sworn in. What we have before us is a package of 11 com-plex bills with significant implications for our financial system—and I want to make this very clear, as my friend pointed out—some of which have not gone through the process of scrutiny by the Financial Services Committee or the regular legislative process. Some of it has and some of it has not, but it has not been at all by this Con-gress. This is not an emergency. Unlike TRIA, which expired before we left, there is not a time-sensitive nature of this question. 
It is really important to me—and es-
pecially as now a second-term Mem-ber—to remember what it was like to show up here and to have things put in front of us that we had not really had a chance to fully and thoroughly vet. 
b1330 
The regular order—as was spoken 
about yesterday—it is critical for the minority to have access to the process, and it is only done through the regular legislative process. 
This legislation just continues to 
give and give and give to Wall Street. Despite the fact that my principal 
objection is with the lack of adherence to regular order and the process of leg-islating, substantively, there are prob-lems with this legislation. Wall Street banks, whose banks and traders reck-lessly drove this country into a finan-cial crisis, are being rewarded yet again, and I can’t accept it. I can’t sup-port it. 
What is really interesting to me is 
that here we are, less than 24 hours since we have been in Congress, yet in the last Congress, when Main Street had its needs, when unemployed people couldn’t get Federal unemployment benefits, we couldn’t get a hearing; we couldn’t get a vote on the floor of the House for legislation that was bipar-tisan, that had an equal number of Democrats and Republicans supporting it. 
When Wall Street asks, we suspend 
the rules in less than a day without taking a breath and move to fit their needs into our schedule. But when Main Street needs help, Congress didn’t give an answer. This is not right. 
We have got to get back to regular 
order. We talk about it all the time. We hear it on both sides. This is not a good start for the 114th Congress, to suspend the rules and deal with new language that many of us have just seen this morning, to pass legislation that is a gift-wrapped present to Wall Street. I can’t support it. I urge my colleagues to reject this legislation. 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. H
URT), a member of the 
Financial Services Committee. 
Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise in support of the Promoting Job Creation and Reducing Small Business Burdens Act. I would like to thank Mr. F
ITZPATRICK and Chairmen H ENSARLING  
and G ARRETT for their leadership on in-
creasing access to capital for small businesses. 
As we begin a new Congress, I am 
glad to see that the House will con-tinue its laser focus on enacting poli-cies to help spur job creation through-out the country. Even though we have seen modest economic growth, I con-tinue to hear from my constituents about the impacts of unnecessary and overly burdensome regulations on job creation, especially regulations that disproportionately affect smaller pub-lic companies and those considering ac-cessing capital in the public markets. 
One such requirement is related to 
the use of eXtensible Business Report-ing Language, XBRL, which was man-dated by the SEC in 2009. While the SEC’s rule is well intended, this re-quirement has become another exam-ple of a regulation where the costs out-weigh the potential benefits. These small companies expend tens of thou-sands of dollars or more complying with the regulation, yet there is evi-
dence that less than 10 percent of in-vestors actually use XBRL, further di-minishing its potential benefits. 
That is why last Congress, the gen-
tlewoman from Alabama, Representa-tive S
EWELL , and I authored the bipar-
tisan Small Company Disclosure Sim-plification Act, which is incorporated into title VII of H.R. 37. I would like to thank Representative S
EWELL for her 
diligent work on this legislation, which passed the Financial Services Com-mittee last Congress with bipartisan support. 
This provision will provide an op-
tional exemption for emerging growth companies and smaller public compa-nies from the requirement to file their information in XBRL with the SEC, in addition to the information that they already file. 
Additionally, this title requires the 
SEC to perform a cost-benefit analysis on the rule’s impact on smaller public companies, something it failed to ade-quately address in the original rule, and also to provide additional informa-tion to Congress on how the SEC and the market are using XBRL. 
Whether a supporter or a sceptic of 
XBRL, these provisions will help pro-vide a pathway for the SEC to focus on developing a system of disclosure for smaller companies that eliminates un-necessary costs while achieving greater benefits. 
I believe H.R. 37 offers a practical 
step forward on these regulatory re-quirements in line with the intent of the original JOBS Act, ensuring that our regulatory structure is not dis-proportionately burdening smaller companies and disincentivizing innova-tive startups from accessing the public markets. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in 
voting ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 37 so that we can continue to promote capital access in the public markets and spur job growth in communities all across this great country. 
Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
2
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from 
Massachusetts (Mr. L YNCH ), who is the 
former subcommittee ranking member on the Oversight Committee and is an active member on the Financial Serv-ices Committee. 
Mr. LYNCH. I thank the gentleman 
for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, if I may, I would like to 
just amplify some of the concerns raised by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. K
ILDEE ) in his remarks about the 
fact that here we are, just the second day of this Congress, and we have a group of 11 bills that have been rolled up. There are many new provisions here that have never seen a hearing, unfortunately. This is not the open process that we had hoped for and had spoken about just yesterday. 
We have had very limited oppor-
tunity to review some of these new sec-tions. Again, they have not had a hear-ing. They have not gone through reg-ular order. 
H.R. 37 contains 11 separate bills, 
some of which I support, but some of which I oppose strongly. Portions of H.R. 37 have entirely new provisions that most Members have not had the opportunity to thoroughly analyze. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JA7.023 H07JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H80 January 7, 2015 
For example, title XI of this bill 
modifies SEC rule 701 on stock-sharing. It allows private companies to com-pensate their employees up to $10 mil-lion in company stock without having to provide the employees with certain basic financial disclosures about the company. I voted against a similar bill, H.R. 4571, in the last Congress when it was marked up. 
But I also want to point out, that 
while I strongly support employees re-ceiving equity benefits from the firms in which they work, those benefits should be tangible and real. We all re-member Enron and WorldCom, where the company, as compensation to those employees, actually pressured them into buying company stock and did not provide full information to them. And eventually, those shares were worth-less. So you had thousands of workers being partly compensated in company stock, and the stock was worth zero. 
Now we are going to expand this op-
portunity from $5 million to $10 million a year that each company will be able to pay their employees with company stock, and they don’t have any obliga-tion because part of this bill does not require them to make any type of a disclosure, Mr. Speaker. And there is no opportunity for those employees to get accurate financial information about whether the stock that they are being paid with is worth anything. It is just a bad road to go down. 
In closing, this bill uses the veneer of 
job creation to provide special treat-ment for the well-connected corpora-tions, mergers and acquisition advis-ers, and financial institutions while doing very little to address the needs of those workers. 
With that, I urge my colleagues to 
vote ‘‘no’’ on the bill. 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. C
RAWFORD ), a member of 
the Agriculture Committee. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. I thank my col-
league from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) for his leadership on this. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support 
of H.R. 37 and would particularly like to comment on title V. In order to pro-vide market transparency, the Dodd- Frank law requires post-trade report-ing to Swap Data Repositories, or SDRs, as they are called, so that regu-lators and market participants have access to realtime market data that help identify systemic risk in the fi-nancial system. So far, we have made great strides in reaching this goal, but unfortunately, a provision in the law threatens to undermine our progress unless we fix it. 
Currently, Dodd-Frank includes a 
provision requiring a foreign regulator to indemnify a U.S.-based SDR for any expenses arising from litigation relat-ing to a request for market data. Un-like the rest of the world, though, the concept of indemnification is only es-tablished within U.S. tort law. As a re-sult, foreign regulators have been re-luctant to comply with this provision, and international regulatory coordina-
tion is being thwarted. 
While the intent of the provision was 
to protect market confidentiality, in practice, it threatens to fragment glob-al data on swap markets. Without ef-fective coordination between inter-national regulators and SDRs, moni-toring and mitigating global systemic risk is severely limited. 
H.R. 37 fixes this problem by remov-
ing the indemnification provisions in Dodd-Frank. This has broad bipartisan support, and a separate bill to do this was unanimously approved last year by the House Ag Committee and the House Financial Services Committee. Additionally, last year, the SEC testi-fied to the Financial Services Com-mittee that a legislative solution was needed, saying: ‘‘In removing the in-demnification requirement, Congress would assist the SEC, as well as other regulators, in securing the access it needs to data held in global trade re-positories.’’ 
If left unresolved, the indemnifica-
tion provision in Dodd-Frank has the potential to effectively reduce trans-parency and undo the great progress al-ready being made through the coopera-tive efforts of more than 50 regulators worldwide. In passing this legislation, we will ensure that regulators will have access to a global set of swap market data, which is essential to maintaining the highest degree of mar-ket transparency and risk mitigation. I strongly urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this bill. 
Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, may I in-
quire, how much time does the Demo-cratic side have remaining? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Minnesota has 7 minutes remaining. 
Mr. ELLISON. At this time, Mr. 
Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. C
APU-
ANO), who was the ranking member on 
the Financial Services Committee for the Subcommittee on Housing and In-surance. 
Mr. CAPUANO. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, on the last bill, the 
TRIA bill, when we were still arguing about it, some people on the other side accused people like me, who support the TRIA bill, of being in favor of cor-porate welfare. Now, as a liberal on most issues, I don’t think many people would confuse me with someone who was generally in favor of corporate wel-fare, but I will take it. 
On this bill—because I am going to 
oppose it on one basic provision—I am going to be called ‘‘against jobs.’’ 
Rhetoric is cheap. Titles of bills 
don’t mean anything. And in this bill, particularly the provision that was just spoken about, title V—there are plenty of things in this bill that I like that I would be happy to vote for. Bring them up separately, and I will. There are a couple of things here that I don’t like too much, but we can find common ground on it. But all of that pales when you look at one provision in 
here that guts the Volcker rule. 
It is simple: in 2006, collateralized 
debt obligations pretty much brought the world economy to its knees and hurt not just Wall Street, but hurt me, hurt my neighbors, hurt my family, and hurt a lot of average Americans be-cause we allowed our financial service industry to gamble with somebody else’s money. 
And of course they gambled. They 
won a lot of money. And then when they lost, they didn’t lose their money. They lost our money, and we had to come in with a bailout. 
This is a corporate bailout—not with 
taxpayer money, but with depositor money, depositors who are not inter-ested in giving their money to an insti-tution so that they can gamble it on risky items that they will see no ben-efit from. That is what the Volcker rule says: if you want to gamble, use your money. Good luck. Don’t gamble with my money unless I say so. 
That is all the Volker rule says. It 
has worked pretty well. The economy is recovering. Everybody knows that. Everybody agrees with it. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. ELLISON. I yield the gentleman 
an additional 30 seconds. 
Mr. CAPUANO. This bill will allow 
three, only three of our Wall Street in-stitutions—which control 70 percent of the collateralized loan obligation busi-ness; three of them control 70 percent of the business—to gamble with deposi-tors’ money again without those de-positors having a say in it. 
When they collapse and depositors 
lose their money, those of you who vote for this bill will have to explain it to them. This is unnecessary. It is in-appropriate. And we should not be vot-ing for this bill, mostly because of that single provision. 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I 
would just note that the provision that the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. C
APUANO ) is referring to was heard 
in committee. The title of the bill passed in the committee with well over 50 votes. It passed unanimously on the floor of the House by voice vote, and not a single Democrat rose to object to the bill, but that was last year. 
Right now, Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from Arkan-sas (Mr. W
OMACK ). 
Mr. WOMACK. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) for bringing this collec-
tion of bills to the House floor. 
I would also like to express my grati-
tude to Representatives H IMES, 
DELANEY , and W AGNER for working 
with me on one of the underlying bills, the bipartisan H.R. 801, in the last Con-gress. 
Mr. Speaker, in this new Congress, 
adding jobs to our economy is a top priority. And passing the Promoting Job Creation and Reducing Small Busi-ness Burdens Act is an opportunity for us to create a better environment for private sector growth and job creation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.029 H07JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H81 January 7, 2015 
b1345 
Title III, also known as H.R. 801, is 
no exception, and I am proud to rise in support of its passage. 
A year ago this month, I came to this 
floor to speak on the underlying bill which passed overwhelmingly in this Chamber 417–4. While it is unfortunate the bill was never considered by the Senate, it is clear today that in the 114th Congress, its prospects are better. 
Small financial institutions are es-
sential to the communities they serve. They have a deep and abiding love for the towns they serve because these towns are their towns, and our con-stituents—small business owners, farmers, hardworking Americans—rely on these institutions to meet payroll, to purchase equipment, or to buy a car or home. 
Unfortunately, Mr. Speaker, these fi-
nancial institutions have come under fire from Washington because of its regulatory overreach, forcing them to spend increasing shares of their re-sources to comply with onerous regula-tions—requirements intended for larger banks—instead of having the flexibility they need to serve their communities. 
Let’s be clear: small community 
banks and savings and loan holding companies were not the cause of the fi-nancial crisis, and I don’t believe they should be treated as though they were the cause. I am not alone. In the 112th Congress, the House and Senate acted to eliminate some of these unnecessary burdens by passing the JOBS Act. 
Among other things, the bill raised 
the registration threshold for bank holding companies from 500 to 2,000 shareholders and increased the deregistration threshold from 300 to 1,200 shareholders, better positioning these banks to increase small business lending and, in turn, promote economic growth in our communities; but due to an oversight in the JOBS Act, it did not explicitly extend these new thresh-olds to savings and loan holding com-panies as well. 
As a cosponsor of the JOBS Act, I can 
say with absolute certainty that wasn’t our intent, and I subsequently sup-ported report language in the approps bill of Financial Services to clarify and ensure that savings and loan holding companies should be treated in the same manner as bank and bank holding companies. Additionally, Representa-tive H
IMES and I have written to the 
FCC and asked that they use their au-thority to carry out our original in-tent. 
In spite of these actions and the 
House passage of H.R. 801 last Con-gress, we are still without successful resolution to the problem. Today’s vote can change that, Mr. Speaker, and I urge my colleagues to support this bill and the overall legislation. 
Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, last Con-
gress, H.R. 4167 passed. I voted against it, but it is not the same as the lan-guage in title VIII which is in this bill today, which extends by 2 years the delay we requested, totaling 5 years. It is not the same legislation. This bill, 
title VIII, has not passed before. It is new. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the 
gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ). 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-
er, my colleague, the Honorable T ED 
POE, will recognize this name. The 
Honorable Lee Duggan, a district court judge in Houston, Texas, reminded young lawyers that we live in a world where it is not enough for things to be right, they must also look right, and this bill doesn’t look right. It doesn’t look right when you combine 11 bills into one overnight and then present that to the floor without any amend-ments being available to the bill. 
We should not allow a poison-pill 
process to develop at the genesis of this Congress. If we do it now, we will con-tinue to do it. I think we have to con-cern ourselves not only with these 11 bills, but with the many other bills that are to follow. We can never allow this to start the new Congress. We should prevent it. 
I would also add this. I am all for 
doing a lot of things with a hurry-up process. I would like to see us do some-thing about minimum wage; we are not doing anything about minimum wage at all thus far. I would like to see us do something about comprehensive immi-gration reform; that will be a piece-meal deal if it ever becomes a bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I stand with those who 
believe that the process ought to be fair. It ought to favor the openness that allows for amendments. I say to you that this is not right, and it doesn’t even look right. 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I 
reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Illi-nois, J
ANSCHAKOWSKY . 
Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the gentleman for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, at the end of last year, 
over my strenuous objections, we wrapped up a big present for Wall Street. We put taxpayers back on the hook for losses that are connected to certain derivatives trading, among the riskiest bets that banks make. 
Well, Christmas is over, and Hanuk-
kah is over, but the gifts keep on com-ing for Wall Street. Within this bill is another provision that cuts at the heart of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform legislation. It delays a portion of the Volcker rule, which bans feder-ally insured banks from making those risky bets or investing in risky funds, including packages known as collateralized loan obligations, or CLOs. 
Mortgage-backed securities brought 
our economy almost crumbling to the ground in 2008, and we are still recov-ering. Taxpayers bailed out the big banks; yet for millions of homeowners who were forced from their homes and millions of others who are still under water, there hasn’t been any assist-ance. People are right to be angry about this, and they are right to object to this new giveaway to Wall Street in-
terests. 
CLOs are similar to toxic mortgage- 
backed securities. The only difference is that instead of bad mortgages, these packages involve junk-rated corporate loans and a mix of other risky assets. 
The Office of the Comptroller of the 
Currency said last month that the cor-porate debt market is overheating and becoming increasingly dangerous, and CLOs are the big reason why. This has all the markings of another economy- crushing disaster. 
Who gets the upside if Wall Street is 
able to continue packaging and selling CLOs with taxpayer backing? Wall Street. Who loses if and when those bets go wrong? The rest of us. It is heads, Wall Street wins; tails, every-body else loses. 
Mr. Speaker, as Dennis Kelleher of 
Better Markets said, ‘‘The attack on the Volcker rule has been nonstop.’’ 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. ELLISON. I yield the gentle-
woman an additional 15 seconds. 
Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, the 
truth is that the American people de-serve better, and we are tired of really bad Wall Street giveaways being tacked on to other legislation. This looks like a Republican strategy to put Wall Street over Main Street. 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I 
reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, this big 
bill may have some things that are not bad, but it also contains a bill that delays protection of our economy and families from Wall Street gambling, and it should be voted down. 
We urge a very strong ‘‘no’’ on this 
bill. Go back, do it right, follow the process, regular order, and maybe we could make some progress here. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
The bill before us today is here on 
the same procedure the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act reauthorization was here; we just debated that bill on the floor. They are both coming up under a suspension of the rules, and TRIA reau-thorization last term, like these bills, were debated either in committee or on the floor in the full House. 
The distinguished minority whip, in 
speaking about the TRIA bill, said that it is always the right time to do the right thing. In addition, he decried the process that delayed the reauthoriza-tion of TRIA—I agree with him on that—and he said there were well over 250 votes for the last year and a half for the reauthorization of TRIA. 
I would submit and ask the R
ECORD  
to reflect, Mr. Speaker, the provisions of this bill, and we have heard about the 11 provisions, all of which went through the committee or the full House. 
Title I amends Dodd-Frank and 
passed the House 411–12. It was intro-duced as a bipartisan bill, went 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.031 H07JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H82 January 7, 2015 
through the committee, had a com-
mittee hearing, both sides had wit-nesses, and all the questions were asked. There was a markup. At the markup, there were amendments. The bill passed the committee. It came to the floor of the House and passed 411– 12. 
Title II passed the committee 50–10. 
Title III passed on the full House after passing the committee 417–4. Title IV passed the House 422–0. Each one of these provisions were bipartisan, and they passed in a strong fashion on a vote either in the committee or the House. 
Mr. Speaker, just yesterday, we were 
sent back here. We took the oath of of-fice, sent by our constituents to do the right thing, to work together where we can, to identify problems, to address those problems, and to get stuff done, especially when it regards the Amer-ican economy, small businesses, and the ability to get people to work to create jobs. 
Each one of these titles in this bill 
identifies a problem in the economy, addresses it in a bipartisan way, and the time is now to pass this bill. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ 
on H.R. 37, pass the bill and send it to the Senate. With that, Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
strong opposition to H.R. 37, The Promoting Job Creation and Reducing Small Business Burdens Act of 2015. 
This Trojan Horse legislation is actually a 
combination of eleven separate bills, ten of which were authored by Republican members of the Committee. 
I believe that Members should be afforded 
the opportunity to offer amendments and have a full and fair debate on these bills. However, by considering this package under Suspension of the Rules, Republicans begin the new year by denying Members the opportunity to thor-oughly debate a measure that will have far- reaching impact. 
Let’s be clear: regulators have made tre-
mendous progress in implementing the Dodd- Frank Act. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has already returned $4.6 billion to 15 million consumers who have been subjected to unfair and deceptive practices, some of whom live in my Congressional District in Houston. 
The CFPB has established a qualified mort-
gage rule, ensuring that borrowers who are extended mortgage credit actually have the ability to repay the loan, and has established new rules-of-the-road for mortgage servicers. 
In addition, the CFPB has worked with the 
Department of Defense to develop financial protections for service members and veterans, and established a national database to aide consumers with complaints about debt collec-tors, credit card companies, and credit rating agencies, among others. Let us not turn back the clock on American consumers who already have seen the benefits of the CFPB’s efforts. 
The Volcker Rule has forced banks to sell- 
off their standalone proprietary trading desks, and banks have shifted away from speculative trading to investments in the real economy. Shareholders of U.S. corporations now have the ability to have a ‘‘say-on-pay,’’ voting to approve or disapprove executive compensa-
tion. 
In addition Mr. Speaker, the Securities and 
Exchange Commission (SEC) has recovered more than $9.3 billion in civil fines and pen-alties since 2011, leveraging enhanced au-thorities provided by Dodd-Frank. The SEC has also established an Office of the Whistle-
blower to aid them in policing securities mar-ket violations, which has already received more than 6,573 tips from 68 countries. Fur-ther, private funds are making systemic risk reports to regulators, helping them to under-stand previously opaque risks. 
To implement the Dodd-Frank Act, the 
CFTC has completed 65 final rules, orders, and guidance documents resulting in the reg-istration and enhanced oversight of 102 Swap Dealers, two Major Swap Participants, 22 Swap Execution Facilities, and four Swap Data Repositories. In addition, the CFTC has established rules governing mandatory clear-ing, exchange trading, and reporting of the en-tire $400 trillion notional swaps market. 
It should also be noted that since Dodd- 
Frank’s passage, stability in the market has led to significant economic growth. Nearly 9.7 million private sector payroll jobs have been created since February 2010. 
There are now nearly 900,000 more workers 
employed in the private sector than before re-cession-related job losses began in early 2008. The unemployment rate has fallen by 3.9 percentage points since its peak of 10.0 percent in October 2009 and currently stands at 6.1 percent—its lowest level since Sep-tember 2008. Real GDP has grown 10.2 per-cent since its trough in 2009, and now stands 5.5 percent higher than its pre-recession peak in late 2007. That in and of itself is news that the media should be discussing. 
Moreover, the housing market is recovering, 
with home prices rising, negative equity falling dramatically, and measures of mortgage dis-tress improving. The S&P 500 has risen by 85 percent since July 21, 2010 and has recently reached new peaks. 
However, this progress has been regularly 
stymied by a concerted effort by the Majority to underfund regulators’ operations, relent-lessly pressure them to weaken regulations, and otherwise erect roadblocks to implementa-tion. As a result, the progress regulators have made to implement the law remains precar-ious. 
I urge my colleagues to reject this legislation 
and have a full debate on its merits. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 37. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, on that I 
demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
LOW-DOSE RADIATION RESEARCH 
ACT OF 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 35) to increase the under-
standing of the health effects of low doses of ionizing radiation. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 35 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Low-Dose 
Radiation Research Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. LOW DOSE RADIATION RESEARCH PRO-
GRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Director of the De-
partment of Energy Office of Science shall carry out a research program on low dose ra-diation. The purpose of the program is to en-hance the scientific understanding of and re-duce uncertainties associated with the ef-fects of exposure to low dose radiation in order to inform improved risk management methods. 
(b) S
TUDY .—Not later than 60 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Direc-tor shall enter into an agreement with the National Academies to conduct a study as-sessing the current status and development of a long-term strategy for low dose radi-ation research. Such study shall be com-pleted not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act. The study shall be conducted in coordination with Fed-eral agencies that perform ionizing radiation effects research and shall leverage the most current studies in this field. Such study shall— 
(1) identify current scientific challenges 
for understanding the long-term effects of ionizing radiation; 
(2) assess the status of current low dose ra-
diation research in the United States and internationally; 
(3) formulate overall scientific goals for 
the future of low-dose radiation research in the United States; 
(4) recommend a long-term strategic and 
prioritized research agenda to address sci-entific research goals for overcoming the identified scientific challenges in coordina-tion with other research efforts; 
(5) define the essential components of a re-
search program that would address this re-search agenda within the universities and the National Laboratories; and 
(6) assess the cost-benefit effectiveness of 
such a program. 
(c) R
ESEARCH PLAN.—Not later than 90 days 
after the completion of the study performed under subsection (b) the Secretary of Energy shall deliver to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a 5-year research plan that responds to the study’s findings and recommendations and identifies and prioritizes research needs. 
(d) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term 
‘‘low dose radiation’’ means a radiation dose of less than 100 millisieverts. 
(e) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this Act shall be construed to subject any re-search carried out by the Director under the research program under this Act to any limi-tations described in section 977(e) of the En-ergy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16317(e)). 
(f) F
UNDING .—No additional funds are au-
thorized to be appropriated under this sec-tion. This Act shall be carried out using funds otherwise appropriated by law. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH) and the gentle-
woman from Oregon (Ms. B ONAMICI ) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.032 H07JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H83 January 7, 2015 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and to include extraneous mate-rial on H.R. 35, the bill now under con-sideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 35, the Low-Dose 
Radiation Research Act of 2015, will in-crease our understanding of low-dose radiation. This research is critical for physicians and decisionmakers to more accurately assess potential health risks in this area. 
I want to thank my friend, Mr. 
H
ULTGREN , for introducing this legisla-
tion along with Mr. L IPINSKI of Illinois. 
A virtually identical bill passed the House by a voice vote this past Novem-ber in the previous Congress. 
Many Americans are exposed to a 
broad range of low doses of ionizing ra-diation. These range from cosmic back-ground radiation to medically-based procedures which include x rays and CT scans. However, our current approach of radiation safety relies on an out-moded assumption that because high doses of radiation are harmful, it nec-essarily follows that much lower radi-ation doses are also harmful. 
This assumption is not based on a re-
liable scientific foundation, prevents patients from making informed deci-sions about diagnostic exams, and can lead to overly restrictive regulations. 
The Department of Energy’s Low 
Dose Radiation Research Program within the Office of Science focuses on the health effects of ionizing radiation and helps to resolve the uncertainties in this area that currently exist. Un-fortunately, this program has not been a priority at DOE over recent years and has seen systematic de-emphasis. H.R. 35 ensures the continuance and enhancement of this important re-search program. 
This legislation also directs the Na-
tional Academies to formulate a long- term strategy to resolve uncertainties surrounding whether and to what ex-tent low-dose radiation may pose health risks to humans. The bill stipu-lates that the academies must consider the most up-to-date studies in this field of research. 
b1400 
Finally, the bill requires the Depart-
ment of Energy to develop a 5-year re-search plan that responds to the Acad-emies’ recommendations. I again thank the gentlemen from Illinois, Represent-atives H
ULTGREN and L IPINSKI , for their 
leadership on this issue. I also want to commend Congressmen S
ENSEN -
BRENNER , POSEY , BUCSHON , and C RAMER  for joining me in cosponsoring this leg-
islation. 
I urge my colleagues to support the 
bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise in support of H.R. 35, the Low- 
Dose Radiation Research Act of 2015. I would like to begin by thanking my colleagues from Illinois, Mr. H
ULTGREN  
and Mr. L IPINSKI , for introducing this 
bipartisan legislation, and I urge all of my colleagues to support this bill. 
H.R. 35 authorizes an important re-
search program carried out by the De-partment of Energy’s Office of Science to examine the health impacts of expo-sure to low doses of radiation, such as doses resulting from certain medical tests, nuclear waste cleanup activities, or even terrorism events like dirty bombs. This program builds on the De-partment of Energy’s unique biological research expertise and capabilities, which led to the establishment of the successful Human Genome Project that paved the way for important break-throughs in modern medicine. 
This bill authorizes a National Acad-
emies study to identify current sci-entific challenges in this area and to help guide the program’s long-term re-search agenda well into the next dec-ade. A similar bill passed the House late last Congress with overwhelming support, and it is my hope that this will again pass and move to the Senate for their consideration. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. H
ULTGREN ), the lead spon-
sor of this bill, and also a distinguished member of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to urge support for H.R. 35, the Low-Dose Radiation Research Act, and I want to thank the distinguished chairman of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Chairman S
MITH, for helping me to bring this leg-
islation to the floor. 
While it may sound scary, we come in 
contact with small amounts of radi-ation every day from the cosmic back-ground which many Americans are probably unaware of. Of course, radi-
ation has been a useful tool which has led to innovation for medical imaging, like x rays and treatments. Numerous processes used by manufacturers in my home State of Illinois, for instance, in-clude low-dose radiation to carry out precise and accurate measurements. But it is time that the regulatory structure surrounding exposure to low- dose radiation relies on sound science. 
Currently, the assumption is that be-
cause high doses of radiation are harm-ful to human health, lower doses must be, too. This is similar to saying that jumping down one step in a flight of stairs is harmful to your health be-cause we already know that it is harm-ful to jump down an entire flight of stairs at one time. While there is little doubt that there 
is a threshold above which humans should avoid exposure to radiation, this legislation will ensure that the De-partment of Energy’s Office of Science prioritizes the research necessary to understand what that level actually is. My bill directs the agency to work with the National Academies to formu-late a long-term research plan to do this work. 
As I continue to represent my con-
stituents of the 14th Congressional Dis-trict of Illinois, I will always champion the things we are doing right in Illi-nois. Our State has a long history of innovation in this space. For many years we have led the Nation in nuclear power generation, and the work we continue to do in our national labs is pushing the boundaries in our frontiers of knowledge. 
Fermilab, in my district, helped es-
tablish neutron therapy as a viable ra-diation treatment for many difficult- to-treat cancers. Harnessing the con-tinued benefits of radiation requires that we clarify what the potential harms are. That is why I urge my col-leagues to support this bill. 
Ms. BONAMICI. I continue to reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, we 
have no other individuals who wish to comment on this bill, so we are pre-pared to close when my friend is pre-pared to close as well. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the chairman of the committee, Mr. S
MITH, and the ranking member, Ms. 
JOHNSON , and the sponsors of this bill, 
Mr. H ULTGREN and Mr. L IPINSKI . 
The bill before us today represents a 
true bipartisan effort and will help pro-tect the health of our constituents. Passage of this bill is a positive way to start this new Congress, and I urge its adoption. 
With that, I yield back the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ) for her comments, and I 
yield back the balance of my time as well. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
H
OLDING ). The question is on the mo-
tion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH) that the House sus-
pend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 35. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
NATIONAL WINDSTORM IMPACT 
REDUCTION ACT REAUTHORIZA-TION OF 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 23) to reauthorize the Na-tional Windstorm Impact Reduction Program, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.034 H07JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H84 January 7, 2015 
The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 23 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National 
Windstorm Impact Reduction Act Reauthor-ization of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
(a) D IRECTOR .—Section 203(1) of the Na-
tional Windstorm Impact Reduction Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 15702(1)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy’’ and inserting ‘‘Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology’’. 
(b) L
IFELINES .—Section 203 of the National 
Windstorm Impact Reduction Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 15702) is further amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (2) through 
(4) as paragraphs (3) through (5), respec-tively; and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-
lowing new paragraph: 
‘‘(2) L
IFELINES .—The term ‘lifelines’ means 
public works and utilities, including trans-portation facilities and infrastructure, oil and gas pipelines, electrical power and com-munication facilities and infrastructure, and water supply and sewage treatment facili-ties.’’. 
SEC. 3. NATIONAL WINDSTORM IMPACT REDUC-
TION PROGRAM. 
Section 204 of the National Windstorm Im-
pact Reduction Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 15703) is amended— 
(1) by striking subsections (a), (b), and (c) 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established 
the National Windstorm Impact Reduction Program, the purpose of which is to achieve major measurable reductions in the losses of life and property from windstorms through a coordinated Federal effort, in cooperation with other levels of government, academia, and the private sector, aimed at improving the understanding of windstorms and their impacts and developing and encouraging the implementation of cost-effective mitigation measures to reduce those impacts. 
‘‘(b) R
ESPONSIBILITIES OF PROGRAM AGEN-
CIES.— 
‘‘(1) L EAD AGENCY .—The National Institute 
of Standards and Technology shall have the primary responsibility for planning and co-ordinating the Program. In carrying out this paragraph, the Director shall— 
‘‘(A) ensure that the Program includes the 
necessary components to promote the imple-mentation of windstorm risk reduction measures by Federal, State, and local gov-ernments, national standards and model building code organizations, architects and engineers, and others with a role in planning and constructing buildings and lifelines; 
‘‘(B) support the development of perform-
ance-based engineering tools, and work with appropriate groups to promote the commer-cial application of such tools, including through wind-related model building codes, voluntary standards, and construction best practices; 
‘‘(C) request the assistance of Federal 
agencies other than the Program agencies, as necessary to assist in carrying out this Act; 
‘‘(D) coordinate all Federal post-windstorm 
investigations; and 
‘‘(E) when warranted by research or inves-
tigative findings, issue recommendations to assist in informing the development of model codes, and provide information to Congress on the use of such recommendations. 
‘‘(2) N
ATIONAL INSTITUTE OF STANDARDS AND  
TECHNOLOGY .—In addition to the lead agency responsibilities described under paragraph 
(1), the National Institute of Standards and Technology shall be responsible for carrying out research and development to improve model building codes, voluntary standards, and best practices for the design, construc-tion, and retrofit of buildings, structures, and lifelines. 
‘‘(3) N
ATIONAL SCIENCE FOUNDATION .—The 
National Science Foundation shall support research in— 
‘‘(A) engineering and the atmospheric 
sciences to improve the understanding of the behavior of windstorms and their impact on buildings, structures, and lifelines; and 
‘‘(B) economic and social factors influ-
encing windstorm risk reduction measures. 
‘‘(4) N
ATIONAL OCEANIC AND ATMOSPHERIC  
ADMINISTRATION .—The National Oceanic and 
Atmospheric Administration shall support atmospheric sciences research to improve the understanding of the behavior of wind-storms and their impact on buildings, struc-tures, and lifelines. 
‘‘(5) F
EDERAL EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT  
AGENCY .—The Federal Emergency Manage-
ment Agency shall— 
‘‘(A) support— ‘‘(i) the development of risk assessment 
tools and effective mitigation techniques; 
‘‘(ii) windstorm-related data collection and 
analysis; 
‘‘(iii) public outreach and information dis-
semination; and 
‘‘(iv) promotion of the adoption of wind-
storm preparedness and mitigation meas-ures, including for households, businesses, and communities, consistent with the Agen-cy’s all-hazards approach; and 
‘‘(B) work closely with national standards 
and model building code organizations, in conjunction with the National Institute of Standards and Technology, to promote the implementation of research results and pro-mote better building practices within the building design and construction industry, including architects, engineers, contractors, builders, and inspectors.’’; 
(2) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-
section (c), and by striking subsections (e) and (f); and 
(3) by inserting after subsection (c), as so 
redesignated, the following new subsections: 
‘‘(d) B
UDGET ACTIVITIES .—The Director of 
the National Institute of Standards and Technology, the Director of the National Science Foundation, the Director of the Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, and the Director of the Federal Emer-gency Management Agency shall each in-clude in their agency’s annual budget re-quest to Congress a description of their agen-cy’s projected activities under the Program for the fiscal year covered by the budget re-quest, along with an assessment of what they plan to spend on those activities for that fis-cal year. 
‘‘(e) I
NTERAGENCY COORDINATING COM-
MITTEE ON WINDSTORM IMPACT REDUCTION .— 
‘‘(1) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established 
an Interagency Coordinating Committee on Windstorm Impact Reduction, chaired by the Director. 
‘‘(2) M
EMBERSHIP .—In addition to the chair, 
the Committee shall be composed of— 
‘‘(A) the heads of— ‘‘(i) the Federal Emergency Management 
Agency; 
‘‘(ii) the National Oceanic and Atmos-
pheric Administration; 
‘‘(iii) the National Science Foundation; ‘‘(iv) the Office of Science and Technology 
Policy; and 
‘‘(v) the Office of Management and Budget; 
and 
‘‘(B) the head of any other Federal agency 
the chair considers appropriate. ‘‘(3) M
EETINGS .—The Committee shall meet 
not less than 2 times a year at the call of the Director of the National Institute of Stand-ards and Technology. 
‘‘(4) G
ENERAL PURPOSE AND DUTIES .—The 
Committee shall oversee the planning and coordination of the Program. 
‘‘(5) S
TRATEGIC PLAN .—The Committee 
shall develop and submit to Congress, not later than one year after the date of enact-ment of the National Windstorm Impact Re-duction Act Reauthorization of 2015, a Stra-tegic Plan for the Program that includes— 
‘‘(A) prioritized goals for the Program that 
will mitigate against the loss of life and property from future windstorms; 
‘‘(B) short-term, mid-term, and long-term 
research objectives to achieve those goals; 
‘‘(C) a description of the role of each Pro-
gram agency in achieving the prioritized goals; 
‘‘(D) the methods by which progress to-
wards the goals will be assessed; and 
‘‘(E) an explanation of how the Program 
will foster the transfer of research results into outcomes, such as improved model building codes. 
‘‘(6) P
ROGRESS REPORT .—Not later than 18 
months after the date of enactment of the National Windstorm Impact Reduction Act Reauthorization of 2015, the Committee shall submit to the Congress a report on the progress of the Program that includes— 
‘‘(A) a description of the activities funded 
under the Program, a description of how these activities align with the prioritized goals and research objectives established in the Strategic Plan, and the budgets, per agency, for these activities; 
‘‘(B) the outcomes achieved by the Pro-
gram for each of the goals identified in the Strategic Plan; 
‘‘(C) a description of any recommendations 
made to change existing building codes that were the result of Program activities; and 
‘‘(D) a description of the extent to which 
the Program has incorporated recommenda-tions from the Advisory Committee on Wind-storm Impact Reduction. 
‘‘(7) C
OORDINATED BUDGET .—The Committee 
shall develop a coordinated budget for the Program, which shall be submitted to the Congress at the time of the President’s budg-et submission for each fiscal year.’’. 
SEC. 4. NATIONAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE ON 
WINDSTORM IMPACT REDUCTION. 
Section 205 of the National Windstorm Im-
pact Reduction Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 15704) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 205. NATIONAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE ON 
WINDSTORM IMPACT REDUCTION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Director of the Na-
tional Institute of Standards and Technology shall establish an Advisory Committee on Windstorm Impact Reduction, which shall be composed of at least 7 members, none of whom may be employees of the Federal Gov-ernment, including representatives of re-search and academic institutions, industry standards development organizations, emer-gency management agencies, State and local government, and business communities who are qualified to provide advice on windstorm impact reduction and represent all related scientific, architectural, and engineering dis-ciplines. The recommendations of the Advi-sory Committee shall be considered by Fed-eral agencies in implementing the Program. 
‘‘(b) A
SSESSMENTS .—The Advisory Com-
mittee on Windstorm Impact Reduction shall offer assessments on— 
‘‘(1) trends and developments in the nat-
ural, engineering, and social sciences and practices of windstorm impact mitigation; 
‘‘(2) the priorities of the Program’s Stra-
tegic Plan; 
‘‘(3) the coordination of the Program; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.036 H07JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H85 January 7, 2015 
‘‘(4) any revisions to the Program which 
may be necessary. 
‘‘(c) C OMPENSATION .—The members of the 
Advisory Committee established under this section shall serve without compensation. 
‘‘(d) R
EPORTS .—At least every 2 years, the 
Advisory Committee shall report to the Di-rector on the assessments carried out under subsection (b) and its recommendations for ways to improve the Program. 
‘‘(e) C
HARTER .—Notwithstanding section 
14(b)(2) of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.), the Advisory Committee shall not be required to file a charter subse-quent to its initial charter, filed under sec-tion 9(c) of such Act, before the termination date specified in subsection (f) of this sec-tion. 
‘‘(f) T
ERMINATION .—The Advisory Com-
mittee shall terminate on September 30, 2017. 
‘‘(g) C ONFLICT OF INTEREST .—An Advisory 
Committee member shall recuse himself from any Advisory Committee activity in which he has an actual pecuniary interest.’’. 
SEC. 5. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Section 207 of the National Windstorm Im-
pact Reduction Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 15706) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 207. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
‘‘(a) F EDERAL EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT  
AGENCY .—There are authorized to be appro-
priated to the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency for carrying out this title— 
‘‘(1) $5,332,000 for fiscal year 2015; ‘‘(2) $5,332,000 for fiscal year 2016; and ‘‘(3) $5,332,000 for fiscal year 2017. 
‘‘(b) N
ATIONAL SCIENCE FOUNDATION .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to the National Science Foundation for car-rying out this title— 
‘‘(1) $9,682,000 for fiscal year 2015; ‘‘(2) $9,682,000 for fiscal year 2016; and ‘‘(3) $9,682,000 for fiscal year 2017. 
‘‘(c) N
ATIONAL INSTITUTE OF STANDARDS  
AND TECHNOLOGY .—There are authorized to 
be appropriated to the National Institute of Standards and Technology for carrying out this title— 
‘‘(1) $4,120,000 for fiscal year 2015; ‘‘(2) $4,120,000 for fiscal year 2016; and ‘‘(3) $4,120,000 for fiscal year 2017. 
‘‘(d) N
ATIONAL OCEANIC AND ATMOSPHERIC  
ADMINISTRATION .—There are authorized to be 
appropriated to the National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration for carrying out this title— 
‘‘(1) $2,266,000 for fiscal year 2015; ‘‘(2) $2,266,000 for fiscal year 2016; and ‘‘(3) $2,266,000 for fiscal year 2017.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH) and the gentle-
woman from Oregon (Ms. B ONAMICI ) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 23, the bill now under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 23, the National 
Windstorm Impact Reduction Act Re-authorization of 2015, reauthorizes the activities of the National Windstorm Impact Reduction Program through 
2017. 
Representative R
ANDY NEUGEBAUER , 
my Texas colleague, has championed this program for over a decade. In the last Congress, he and Representative F
REDERICA WILSON ’s bipartisan efforts 
helped move this legislation through the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology and to successfully pass the House. It is because of their past work that we are able to bring this bill to the House floor so early in this Con-gress. 
The National Windstorm Impact Re-
duction Program supports Federal re-search and development efforts to help mitigate the loss of life and property due to wind-related hazards. Millions of Americans live in areas vulnerable to hurricanes, tornadoes, and other wind-storms. The National Weather Service reported 91 deaths and 892 injuries in 2013 due to tornadoes, thunderstorm wind, and high wind. 
We all remember that in 2011 that 
was the year marred by loss due to windstorms. According to the National Science and Technology Council’s bien-nial report to Congress, in 2011 only, windstorms in the United States took nearly 700 lives, injured nearly 7,000 people, and caused an estimated $11 bil-lion in total direct property losses. 
In Texas, we are all too familiar with 
the harm that excess wind can cause. According to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Storm Prediction Center, 128 tornadoes and 1,366 windstorms were reported in Texas in the last 2 years. The effects of these disasters can be felt for a long time. 
Initially established in 2004, the Na-
tional Windstorm Impact Reduction Program supports activities to improve our understanding of windstorms and their impacts and helps to develop and encourage the implementation of cost- effective mitigation measures. 
H.R. 23 establishes the National In-
stitute of Standards and Technology as the lead agency for the program, im-proves coordination and planning of agency activities in a fiscally respon-sible manner, and improves trans-parency for how much money is being spent on windstorm research. 
I want to thank Representative 
N
EUGEBAUER for his continued efforts 
to support this program. I encourage my colleagues to support the bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND  
INFRASTRUCTURE , HOUSE OF REP-
RESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, January 6, 2015. 
Hon. L AMAR SMITH, 
Chairman, Committee on Science, Space, and 
Technology, Rayburn House Office Build-ing, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : I write concerning 
H.R. 23, the National Windstorm Impact Re-duction Act Reauthorization of 2015. Thank you for working with us to incorporate mu-tually agreeable provisions within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. 
In order to expedite the House’s consider-
ation of H.R. 23, the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure will forgo action 
on this bill. However, this is conditional on our mutual understanding that forgoing con-sideration of the bill does not prejudice the Committee with respect to the appointment of conferees or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation that fall within the Committee’s Rule X jurisdiction. I re-quest you urge the Speaker to name mem-bers of the Committee to any conference committee named to consider such provi-sions. 
I would appreciate your response to this 
letter, confirming this understanding, and would request that you insert our exchange of letters on this matter into the Congres-sional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. 
Sincerely, 
B
ILLSHUSTER , 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , AND 
TECHNOLOGY . 
Washington, DC, January 6, 2015. 
Hon. B ILLSHUSTER , 
Chairman, Committee on Transportation and 
Infrastructure, Rayburn House Office Building, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR CHAIRMAN SHUSTER : Thank you for 
your letter regarding H.R. 23, the National Windstorm Impact Reduction Act Reauthor-ization of 2015. I appreciate your support in bringing this legislation before the House of Representatives, and accordingly, under-stand that the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure will forego action on the bill. 
The Committee on Science, Space, and 
Technology concurs with the mutual under-standing that by foregoing consideration of H.R. 23 at this time, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure does not waive any jurisdiction over the subject mat-ter contained in this bill or similar legisla-tion in the future. In addition, should a con-ference on this bill be necessary, I would sup-port your request to have the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure rep-resented on the conference committee. 
I will insert copies of this exchange in the 
Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work with the Transportation Committee as the bill moves through the legislative process. 
Sincerely, 
L
AMAR SMITH, 
Chairman. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise in support of H.R. 23, legisla-
tion to reauthorize the National Wind-storm Impact Reduction Program. 
First I want to thank Representa-
tives N
EUGEBAUER and W ILSON for their 
hard work on this important legisla-tion that will benefit our constituents. 
Americans face significant exposure 
to windstorms. According to the Na-tional Weather Service, between the years of 2003 and 2013, thousands of Americans lost their lives from the im-pacts of windstorms. Along with the loss of life, windstorms during that time caused billions of dollars of dam-age to property, including a severely negative impact on agricultural crops. 
Although we cannot stop a wind-
storm from happening, there is much we can do to save both lives and prop-erty when windstorms and other nat-ural disasters do happen. In addition to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:59 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JA7.006 H07JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H86 January 7, 2015 
responding quickly and with sufficient 
resources in the aftermath of a natural disaster, we must also invest in pre-paredness and resilience. 
Studies of FEMA’s Pre-Disaster Miti-
gation program have shown that for every dollar invested in mitigation ac-tivities, $3 to $4 in recovery costs can be saved. 
The National Windstorm Reduction 
Program Act is primarily a mitigation program. It has the potential to lessen the loss of life and economic damage by supporting research and develop-ment on windstorms and their impacts and helping to ensure that this re-search is translated into improving building codes and emergency plan-ning, but this program needs robust in-vestment to achieve that result. 
The bill today includes a lower total 
authorization level than was author-ized for this program in fiscal year 2008. We can and we should do better than that. One of our responsibilities as a government should be to assist our constituents with disaster mitigation and response and preparedness, and that means investing in programs we already have in place to carry out these responsibilities. Nevertheless, I understand the need to reauthorize this important program, and I thank my colleagues for agreeing to maintain the authorization levels negotiated last Congress. 
I urge my colleagues on both sides of 
the aisle to support this important bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. N
EUGEBAUER ), who is the 
lead sponsor of this legislation and also a member of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today in support of my bill, the National Windstorm Impact Reduction Act, H.R. 23. I also want to thank Chairman S
MITH for his leadership on 
this issue, and I appreciate him agree-ing to bring this back up early in the 114th Congress. 
I think we have already heard of a 
number of people quote a lot of statis-tics about the amount of damage that occurs from windstorms in this coun-try and the loss of lives. You know, particularly 2011 was a very bad year. As it was pointed out, we had a number of people that were killed that year and over $28 billion in damage to prop-erty alone. 
What is happening is the risk is 
growing because our population centers are growing. You know, a tornado that goes through a town center does a lot more damage than one that goes through an empty prairie. As these storms are getting costlier over time, at a time where we are $18 trillion in debt, it is important that we utilize the taxpayers’ resources in an effective way. This particular program, as it was mentioned, is reauthorized at a fixed 
level, the level from previous reauthor-ization, but also it is designed to make the program more efficient and effec-tive in the future. When a family loses a home, you 
know, they don’t have to just rebuild the house; they have to rebuild their lives. We know a lot of people have ei-ther experienced losses of property or life, loved ones, or they know people that have. 
In particular, it is a personal thing 
for me because, on May 11th of 1970, I had just taken my last final for that semester at Texas Tech University, and 3 hours or 4 hours later, a major tor-nado ripped through Lubbock, Texas, and killed 26 people, including destroy-ing the apartment complex that I lived in. 
I was fortunately unharmed in that 
event, but what I did get to witness is the tremendous amount of damage that can happen from these storms and the loss of life. You saw things that you didn’t think were possible—cars in parking lots that were rolled up and swirled up like an ice cream cone. 
So one of the things that later on, to 
me, in the building business, one of the things that we began to learn is, from important research that was done, that we were able to use certain building techniques that made houses more wind resistant, made buildings more wind resistant, and that is exactly what this bill, NWIRP, does. It takes these four agencies that currently have jurisdiction over that—and those in-clude NOAA, the National Science Foundation, FEMA, and NIST—and makes sure that they are using those funds appropriately and that there is not a lot of duplication in the research going on. Each one of them has an area of expertise. We want to do a better job of predicting these storms. We want to do a better job of learning how we can mitigate the damage from those. 
One of the things that happened right 
after the May 11 tornado in Lubbock is that Texas Tech University began doing research on windstorms and the effects of different materials, and later on they founded the National Wind In-stitute, which is doing important re-search on simulating cyclones and dif-ferent kinds of wind events and the im-pact that they have on materials and certain building techniques. Certainly that will be important to our country as we move forward. 
What does that do for the taxpayers? 
Well, obviously if we can learn more about predicting the outcomes, we can make our buildings stronger, but, more 
importantly, save lives. And one of the things I know from a lot of the re-search that has been going on right now, that designs are being incor-porated in a lot of buildings. 
b1415 
Recently I was at a new elementary 
school in my district, and one of the things that we learned is that they in-corporated certain building techniques within the cafeteria of that new ele-mentary. Basically, the cafeteria be-came a storm shelter for the students going to that elementary. Those are the kind of things that will be bene-ficial from this. I urge my colleagues to help me reau-
thorize H.R. 23. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
5 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. W
ILSON ), who is a cospon-
sor of the bill, and also a member of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise in support of H.R. 23. This legis-lation would reauthorize the National Windstorm Impact Reduction Program, or NWIRP. 
The Federal Government has an im-
portant role in helping Americans pre-pare for and recover from natural haz-ards. H.R. 23 directs four Federal agen-cies—NIST, NSF, NOAA, and FEMA— to conduct coordinated research and development on the nature of wind-storms, their effects, and on ways to mitigate their impact. The legislation also ensures that this research is trans-lated into practice through improved building codes and emergency plan-ning. 
I was born and raised in south Flor-
ida, and I am a survivor of Hurricane Andrew, so I have seen my share of se-vere weather. I know firsthand that natural hazards are a leading threat to American lives and America’s econ-omy. 
While we cannot stop a hurricane or 
tornado from happening, this Congress can act to make sure our communities have the tools they need to respond and recover from these disasters. 
We must begin by investing in pre-
paredness and resilience. Studies of FEMA’s pre-disaster mitigation pro-gram have shown that for every dollar we invest in mitigation activities we save $3 to $4 in recovery costs. 
I was pleased that this bill was con-
sidered in the Science Committee last Congress, and we worked in a bipar-tisan manner to make several improve-ments to the bill. I want to thank my colleagues, Chairman S
MITH and Mr. 
NEUGEBAUER , for working across the 
aisle in a smooth and productive proc-ess. 
We worked together to increase the 
authorization for FEMA, the NWIRP agency tasked with taking the research conducted at other agencies and devel-oping mitigation techniques and public outreach. Mr. N
EUGEBAUER was the 
lead, and I appreciate his inclusion. 
Additionally, we added several social 
science-related provisions to the bill. We cannot design effective disaster strategies without knowing how people make decisions and respond to disaster warnings. 
Often in a compromise, like this one, 
you do not get everything you would like. I would have liked to see in-creases in the authorization levels across the board. Unfortunately, this bill includes a lower total authoriza-tion level than what was authorized for this program in fiscal year 2008. 
When the last few years have been 
devastating years for windstorms, in-cluding Superstorm Sandy and the tor-nado outbreak last May, it is difficult 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.038 H07JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H87 January 7, 2015 
to understand why we would cut the 
total authorization level for this im-portant program. 
I do hope that if this bill moves for-
ward, we will continue our bipartisan efforts and work with the Senate to perfect this bill. Nevertheless, I under-stand the need to reauthorize this im-portant program that can help mini-mize the number of Americans who are harmed or killed by windstorm disas-ters and reduce the costs associate d***  
I support H.R. 23 and urge my col-
leagues on both sides of the aisle to support the bill. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
have no other Members who wish to be heard on this bill, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I have 
no further requests for time, and so in closing, we must help our constituents prepare for and mitigate the impacts of severe weather events, such as wind-storms, that threaten their lives and property. This bill takes an important step in that direction, and I urge its adoption. 
With that, I yield back the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 23, leg-islation that would reauthorize the National Windstorm Impact Reduction Program—or NWIRP. 
The last few years have been devastating 
years for natural disasters across the country. There were massive tornadoes across the Midwest that resulted in loss of life and signifi-cant economic damages. In addition, Hurri-cane Irene in 2011 and Superstorm Sandy in 2012 caused widespread destruction and death along the Eastern seaboard. 
H.R. 23 directs NIST, NSF, NOAA, and 
FEMA to support activities to improve the un-derstanding of windstorms and their impacts. We can use that knowledge to reduce the vul-nerability of our communities to natural disas-ters. The NWIRP program helps our federal agencies and communities across the nation develop and implement many measures that help minimize the loss of life and property dur-ing windstorms and to rebuild effectively and safely after such storms. 
I was pleased that when this bill was con-
sidered by the House Science, Space, and Technology Committee last Congress, we worked in a bipartisan manner and made sev-eral improvements to the bill. 
We worked together to increase the author-
ization for FEMA, the agency tasked with im-plementing the research conducted by the other NWIRP agencies. Additionally, we added several social science-related provisions to the bill. We cannot design effective disaster prep-aration strategies without understanding how people make decisions and respond to dis-aster warnings. 
This is a compromise bill and so it doesn’t 
contain as much as I think should be done. In particular, I wish this bill included authorization increases for the NWIRP agencies—increases that are justified by the important activities those agencies carry out. However, it is still a good bill and an important bill for us to act on. I want to thank my fellow Texans—Chair-
man S
MITH and Mr. N EUGEBAUER —for working 
across the aisle on this bill and for bringing it to the floor today. And I want to thank Ms. W
ILSON for her efforts on this legislation. It 
was good to see Members of the Committee coming together, working out their differences, compromising, and ending up with a bill with bipartisan support. 
I support the bill and urge my colleagues to 
support this important bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH) 
that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 23. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, on that 
I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
TSUNAMI WARNING, EDUCATION, 
AND RESEARCH ACT OF 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 34) to authorize and strength-en the tsunami detection, forecast, warning, research, and mitigation pro-gram of the National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 34 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Tsunami 
Warning, Education, and Research Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. REFERENCES TO THE TSUNAMI WARNING 
AND EDUCATION ACT. 
Except as otherwise expressly provided, 
whenever in this Act an amendment or re-peal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a section or other provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of the Tsu-nami Warning and Education Act (33 U.S.C. 3201 et seq.). 
SEC. 3. EXPANSION OF PURPOSES OF TSUNAMI 
WARNING AND EDUCATION ACT. 
Section 3 (33 U.S.C. 3202) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘re-
search,’’ after ‘‘warnings,’’; 
(2) by amending paragraph (2) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(2) to enhance and modernize the existing 
United States Tsunami Warning System to increase the accuracy of forecasts and warn-ings, to maintain full coverage of tsunami detection assets, and to reduce false alarms;’’; 
(3) by amending paragraph (3) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(3) to improve and develop standards and 
guidelines for mapping, modeling, and as-sessment efforts to improve tsunami detec-tion, forecasting, warnings, notification, mitigation, resiliency, response, outreach, and recovery;’’; 
(4) by redesignating paragraphs (4), (5), and 
(6) as paragraphs (5), (6), and (8), respec-tively; (5) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(4) to improve research efforts related to 
improving tsunami detection, forecasting, warnings, notification, mitigation, resil-iency, response, outreach, and recovery;’’; 
(6) in paragraph (5), as so redesignated— (A) by striking ‘‘and increase’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘, increase, and develop uniform stand-ards and guidelines for’’; and 
(B) by inserting ‘‘, including the warning 
signs of locally generated tsunami’’ after ‘‘approaching’’; 
(7) in paragraph (6), as so redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘, including the Indian Ocean; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; and 
(8) by inserting after paragraph (6), as so 
redesignated, the following: 
‘‘(7) to foster resilient communities in the 
face of tsunami and other coastal hazards; and’’. 
SEC. 4. MODIFICATION OF TSUNAMI FORE-
CASTING AND WARNING PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 
4 (33 U.S.C. 3203) is amended by striking ‘‘At-lantic Ocean, Caribbean Sea, and Gulf of 
Mexico region’’ and inserting ‘‘Atlantic Ocean region, including the Caribbean Sea and the Gulf of Mexico’’. 
(b) C
OMPONENTS .—Subsection (b) of such 
section 4 is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘estab-
lished’’ and inserting ‘‘supported or main-tained’’; 
(2) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘and safe-
guarding port and harbor operations’’ after ‘‘communities’’; 
(3) in paragraph (7)— (A) by inserting ‘‘, including graphical 
warning products,’’ after ‘‘warnings’’; 
(B) by inserting ‘‘, territories,’’ after 
‘‘States’’; and 
(C) by inserting ‘‘and Wireless Emergency 
Alerts’’ after ‘‘Hazards Program’’; and 
(4) in paragraph (8), by inserting ‘‘and com-
mercial and Federal undersea communica-tions cables’’ after ‘‘observing technologies’’. 
(c) T
SUNAMI WARNING SYSTEM .—Subsection 
(c) of such section 4 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(c) T
SUNAMI WARNING SYSTEM .—The pro-
gram under this section shall operate a tsu-nami warning system that— 
‘‘(1) is capable of forecasting tsunami, in-
cluding forecasting tsunami arrival time and inundation estimates, anywhere in the Pa-cific and Arctic Ocean regions and providing adequate warnings; 
‘‘(2) is capable of forecasting and providing 
adequate warnings in areas of the Atlantic Ocean, including the Caribbean Sea and Gulf of Mexico, that are determined— 
‘‘(A) to be geologically active, or to have 
significant potential for geological activity; and 
‘‘(B) to pose significant risks of tsunami 
for States along the coastal areas of the At-lantic Ocean, Caribbean Sea, or Gulf of Mex-ico; and 
‘‘(3) supports other international tsunami 
forecasting and warning efforts.’’. 
(d) T
SUNAMI WARNING CENTERS .—Sub-
section (d) of such section 4 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(d) T
SUNAMI WARNING CENTERS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall 
support or maintain centers to support the tsunami warning system required by sub-section (c). The Centers shall include— 
‘‘(A) the National Tsunami Warning Cen-
ter, located in Alaska, which is primarily re-sponsible for Alaska and the continental United States; 
‘‘(B) the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center, 
located in Hawaii, which is primarily respon-sible for Hawaii, the Caribbean, and other areas of the Pacific not covered by the Na-tional Center; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:16 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.039 H07JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H88 January 7, 2015 
‘‘(C) any additional forecast and warning 
centers determined by the National Weather Service to be necessary. 
‘‘(2) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The responsibil-
ities of the centers supported or maintained pursuant to paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
‘‘(A) Continuously monitoring data from 
seismological, deep ocean, coastal sea level, and tidal monitoring stations and other data sources as may be developed and deployed. 
‘‘(B) Evaluating earthquakes, landslides, 
and volcanic eruptions that have the poten-tial to generate tsunami. 
‘‘(C) Evaluating deep ocean buoy data and 
tidal monitoring stations for indications of tsunami resulting from earthquakes and other sources. 
‘‘(D) To the extent practicable, utilizing a 
range of models to predict tsunami arrival times and flooding estimates. 
‘‘(E) Disseminating forecasts and tsunami 
warning bulletins to Federal, State, and local government officials and the public. 
‘‘(F) Coordinating with the tsunami hazard 
mitigation program conducted under section 5 to ensure ongoing sharing of information between forecasters and emergency manage-ment officials. 
‘‘(G) Making data gathered under this Act 
and post-warning analyses conducted by the National Weather Service or other relevant Administration offices available to research-ers. 
‘‘(3) F
AIL-SAFE WARNING CAPABILITY .—The 
tsunami warning centers supported or main-tained pursuant to paragraph (1) shall main-tain a fail-safe warning capability and abil-ity to perform back-up duties for each other. 
‘‘(4) C
OORDINATION WITH NATIONAL WEATHER  
SERVICE .—The National Weather Service 
shall coordinate with the centers supported or maintained pursuant to paragraph (1) to ensure that regional and local forecast of-fices— 
‘‘(A) have the technical knowledge and ca-
pability to disseminate tsunami warnings for the communities they serve; and 
‘‘(B) leverage connections with local emer-
gency management officials for optimally disseminating tsunami warnings and fore-casts. 
‘‘(5) U
NIFORM OPERATING PROCEDURES .—The 
Administrator shall— 
‘‘(A) develop uniform operational proce-
dures for the centers supported or main-tained pursuant to paragraph (1), including the use of software applications, checklists, decision support tools, and tsunami warning products that have been standardized across the program supported under this section; 
‘‘(B) ensure that processes and products of 
the warning system operated pursuant to subsection (c)— 
‘‘(i) reflect industry best practices; ‘‘(ii) conform to the maximum extent prac-
ticable with internationally recognized standards for information technology; and 
‘‘(iii) conform to the maximum extent 
practicable with other warning products and practices of the National Weather Service; 
‘‘(C) ensure that future adjustments to 
operational protocols, processes, and warn-ing products— 
‘‘(i) are made consistently across the warn-
ing system operated pursuant to subsection (c); and 
‘‘(ii) are applied in a uniform manner 
across such warning system; and 
‘‘(D) disseminate guidelines and metrics 
for evaluating and improving tsunami fore-cast models. 
‘‘(6) A
VAILABLE RESOURCES .—The Adminis-
trator, through the National Weather Serv-ice, shall ensure that resources are available to fulfill the obligations of this Act. This in-cludes ensuring supercomputing resources are available to run such computer models as are needed for purposes of the tsunami warn-
ing system operated pursuant to subsection (c).’’. 
(e) T
RANSFER OF TECHNOLOGY ; M AINTE -
NANCE AND UPGRADES .—Subsection (e) of 
such section 4 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(e) T RANSFER OF TECHNOLOGY ; M AINTE -
NANCE AND UPGRADES .—In carrying out this 
section, the Administrator shall— 
‘‘(1) develop requirements for the equip-
ment used to forecast tsunami, including— 
‘‘(A) provisions for multipurpose detection 
platforms; 
‘‘(B) reliability and performance metrics; 
and 
‘‘(C) to the maximum extent practicable, 
requirements for the integration of equip-ment with other United States and global ocean and coastal observation systems, the global Earth observing system of systems, the global seismic networks, and the Ad-vanced National Seismic System; 
‘‘(2) develop and execute a plan for the 
transfer of technology from ongoing research conducted as part of the program supported or maintained under section 6 into the pro-gram under this section; and 
‘‘(3) ensure that the Administration’s oper-
ational tsunami detection equipment is properly maintained.’’. 
(f) F
EDERAL COOPERATION .—Subsection (f) 
of such section 4 is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘(f) F
EDERAL COOPERATION .—When deploy-
ing and maintaining tsunami detection tech-nologies under the program under this sec-tion, the Administrator shall— 
‘‘(1) identify which assets of other Federal 
agencies are necessary to support such pro-gram; and 
‘‘(2) work with each agency identified 
under paragraph (1)— 
‘‘(A) to acquire the agency’s assistance; 
and 
‘‘(B) to prioritize the necessary assets.’’. 
(g) U
NNECESSARY PROVISIONS .—Such sec-
tion 4 is further amended by striking sub-sections (g) through (k). 
SEC. 5. MODIFICATION OF NATIONAL TSUNAMI 
HAZARD MITIGATION PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5 (33 U.S.C. 3204) 
is amended by striking subsections (a) through (d) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(a) P
ROGRAM REQUIRED .—The Adminis-
trator, in consultation with the Adminis-trator of the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency and the heads of such other agencies as the Administrator considers rel-evant, shall conduct a community-based tsu-nami hazard mitigation program to improve tsunami preparedness and resiliency of at- risk areas in the United States and the terri-tories of the United States. 
‘‘(b) P
ROGRAM COMPONENTS .—The Program 
conducted pursuant to subsection (a) shall include the following: 
‘‘(1) Technical and financial assistance to 
coastal States, territories, tribes, and local governments to develop and implement ac-tivities under this section. 
‘‘(2) Integration of tsunami preparedness 
and mitigation programs into ongoing State- based hazard warning, resilience planning, and risk management activities, including predisaster planning, emergency response, evacuation planning, disaster recovery, haz-ard mitigation, and community development and redevelopment programs in affected areas. 
‘‘(3) Activities to promote the adoption of 
tsunami resilience, preparedness, warning, and mitigation measures by Federal, State, territorial, tribal, and local governments and nongovernmental entities, including edu-cational and risk communication programs to discourage development in high-risk areas. 
‘‘(4) Activities to support the development 
of regional tsunami hazard and risk assess-ments, using inundation models that meet 
programmatic standards for accuracy. Such regional risk assessments may include the following: 
‘‘(A) The sources, sizes, and histories of 
tsunami in that region. 
‘‘(B) Inundation models and maps of crit-
ical infrastructure and socioeconomic vul-nerability in areas subject to tsunami inun-dation. 
‘‘(C) Maps of evacuation areas and evacu-
ation routes. 
‘‘(D) Evaluations of the size of populations 
that will require evacuation, including popu-lations with special evacuation needs. 
‘‘(5) Activities to support the development 
of community-based outreach and education programs to ensure community readiness and resilience, including the following: 
‘‘(A) The development, implementation, 
and assessment of technical training and 
public education programs, including edu-cation programs that address unique charac-teristics of distant and near-field tsunami. 
‘‘(B) The development of decision support 
tools. 
‘‘(C) The incorporation of social science re-
search into community readiness and resil-ience efforts. 
‘‘(D) The development of evidence-based 
education guidelines. 
‘‘(6) Dissemination of guidelines and stand-
ards for community planning, education, and training products, programs, and tools, in-cluding standards for— 
‘‘(A) mapping products; ‘‘(B) inundation models; and ‘‘(C) effective emergency exercises. 
‘‘(c) A
UTHORIZED ACTIVITIES .—In addition 
to activities conducted under subsection (b), the program conducted pursuant to sub-section (a) may include the following: 
‘‘(1) Multidisciplinary vulnerability assess-
ment research, education, and training to help integrate risk management and resil-ience objectives with community develop-ment planning and policies. 
‘‘(2) Risk management training for local 
officials and community organizations to en-hance understanding and preparedness. 
‘‘(3) Development of practical applications 
for existing or emerging technologies, such as modeling, remote sensing, geospatial technology, engineering, and observing sys-tems. 
‘‘(4) Risk management, risk assessment, 
and resilience data and information services, including— 
‘‘(A) access to data and products derived 
from observing and detection systems; and 
‘‘(B) development and maintenance of new 
integrated data products to support risk management, risk assessment, and resilience programs. 
‘‘(5) Risk notification systems that coordi-
nate with and build upon existing systems and actively engage decisionmakers, local and State government agencies, business communities, nongovernmental organiza-tions, and the media. 
‘‘(d) N
OPREEMPTION .— 
‘‘(1) D ESIGNATION OF AT -RISK AREAS .—The 
establishment of national standards for in-undation models under this section shall not prevent States, territories, tribes, and local governments from designating additional areas as being at risk based on knowledge of local conditions. 
‘‘(2) N
O NEW REGULATORY AUTHORITY .— 
Nothing in this Act may be construed as es-tablishing new regulatory authority for any Federal agency.’’. 
(b) R
EPORT ON ACCREDITATION OF TSU-
NAMI READY PROGRAM .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration shall sub-mit to the Committee on Commerce, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JA7.007 H07JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H89 January 7, 2015 
Science, and Transportation of the Senate 
and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives a report on which authorities and activities would be needed to have the TsunamiReady program of the National Weather Service ac-credited by the Emergency Management Ac-creditation Program. 
SEC. 6. MODIFICATION OF TSUNAMI RESEARCH 
PROGRAM. 
Section 6 (33 U.S.C. 3205) is amended— 
(1) in the matter before paragraph (1), by 
striking ‘‘The Administrator shall’’ and all that follows through ‘‘establish or maintain’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Administrator 
shall, in consultation with such other Fed-eral agencies, State and territorial govern-ments, and academic institutions as the Ad-ministrator considers appropriate, the co-ordinating committee under section 11(b), and the panel under section 8(a), support or maintain’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘and assessment for tsu-
nami tracking and numerical forecast mod-eling. Such research program shall—’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘assessment for tsu-nami tracking and numerical forecast mod-eling, and standards development. 
‘‘(b) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The research pro-
gram supported or maintained pursuant to subsection (a) shall—’’; 
(3) in subsection (b), as designated by para-
graph (2)— 
(A) by amending paragraph (1) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(1) consider other appropriate research to 
mitigate the impact of tsunami, including the improvement of near-field tsunami de-tection and forecasting capabilities, which may include use of new generation Deep- ocean Assessment and Reporting of Tsunamis and National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration supercomputer capac-ity to develop a rapid tsunami forecast for all United States coastlines;’’; 
(B) in paragraph (3)— (i) by striking ‘‘include’’ and inserting 
‘‘conduct’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (C) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-
graph (5); and 
(D) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(4) develop the technical basis for valida-
tion of tsunami maps, numerical tsunami models, digital elevation models, and fore-casts; and’’; and 
(4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) P
ILOT PROJECT .—The Administrator 
may, pursuant to subsection (b), develop a pilot project for near-field tsunami forecast development for the Cascadia region along the west coast of the United States using new generation Deep-ocean Assessment and Reporting of Tsunamis, upcoming and exist-ing cable networks, and new National Cen-ters for Environmental Protection modeling capability.’’. 
SEC. 7. GLOBAL TSUNAMI WARNING AND MITIGA-
TION NETWORK. 
Section 7 (33 U.S.C. 3206) is amended— 
(1) by amending subsection (a) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(a) S UPPORT FOR DEVELOPMENT OF INTER -
NATIONAL TSUNAMI WARNING SYSTEM .—The 
Administrator shall, in coordination with the Secretary of State and in consultation with such other agencies as the Adminis-trator considers relevant, provide technical assistance and training to the Intergovern-mental Oceanographic Commission of the United Nations Educational, Scientific, and Cultural Organization, the World Meteoro-logical Organization of the United Nations, and such other international entities as the Administrator considers appropriate, as part of the international efforts to develop a fully 
functional global tsunami forecast and warn-ing system comprised of regional tsunami warning networks.’’; 
(2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘shall’’ 
and inserting ‘‘may’’; and 
(3) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘estab-
lishing’’ and inserting ‘‘supporting’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘establish’’ and inserting 
‘‘support’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘establishing’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘supporting’’. 
SEC. 8. TSUNAMI SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY AD-
VISORY PANEL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Act is further amend-
ed— 
(1) by redesignating section 8 (33 U.S.C. 
3207) as section 9; and 
(2) by inserting after section 7 (33 U.S.C. 
3206) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 8. TSUNAMI SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY 
ADVISORY PANEL. 
‘‘(a) D ESIGNATION .—The Administrator 
shall designate an existing working group within the Science Advisory Board of the Ad-ministration to serve as the Tsunami Science and Technology Advisory Panel to provide advice to the Administrator on mat-ters regarding tsunami science, technology, and regional preparedness. 
‘‘(b) M
EMBERSHIP .— 
‘‘(1) C OMPOSITION .—The working group des-
ignated under subsection (a) shall be com-posed of no fewer than 7 members selected by the Administrator from among individuals from academia or State agencies who have academic or practical expertise in physical sciences, social sciences, information tech-nology, coastal resilience, emergency man-agement, or such other disciplines as the Ad-ministrator considers appropriate. 
‘‘(2) F
EDERAL EMPLOYMENT .—No member of 
the working group designated pursuant to subsection (a) may be a Federal employee. 
‘‘(c) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—Not less frequently 
than once every 4 years, the working group designated under subsection (a) shall— 
‘‘(1) review the activities of the Adminis-
tration, and other Federal activities as ap-propriate, relating to tsunami research, de-tection, forecasting, warning, mitigation, re-siliency, and preparation; and 
‘‘(2) submit to the Administrator and such 
others as the Administrator considers appro-priate— 
‘‘(A) the findings of the working group 
with respect to the most recent review con-ducted pursuant to paragraph (1); and 
‘‘(B) such recommendations for legislative 
or administrative action as the working group considers appropriate to improve Fed-eral tsunami research, detection, fore-casting, warning, mitigation, resiliency, and preparation. 
‘‘(d) R
EPORTS TO CONGRESS .—Not less fre-
quently than once every 4 years, the Admin-istrator shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Rep-resentatives a report on the findings and rec-ommendations received by the Adminis-trator under subsection (c)(2).’’. 
SEC. 9. REPORT ON IMPLEMENTATION OF TSU-
NAMI WARNING AND EDUCATION ACT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit to Congress a report on the implementation of the Tsu-nami Warning and Education Act (33 U.S.C. 3201 et seq.). 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-
section (a) shall include the following: 
(1) A detailed description of the progress 
made in implementing sections 4(d)(6), 5(b)(6), and 6(b)(4) of the Tsunami Warning 
and Education Act. 
(2) A description of the ways that tsunami 
warnings and warning products issued by the Tsunami Forecasting and Warning Program established under section 4 of the Tsunami Warning and Education Act (33 U.S.C. 3203) can be standardized and streamlined with warnings and warning products for hurri-canes, coastal storms, and other coastal flooding events. 
SEC. 10. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Section 9 of the Act, as redesignated by 
section 8(a)(1) of this Act, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 9. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
‘‘There are authorized to be appropriated 
to the Administrator to carry out this Act $27,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2015 through 2017, of which— 
‘‘(1) not less than 27 percent of the amount 
appropriated for each fiscal year shall be for activities under the National Tsunami Haz-ard Mitigation Program under section 5; and 
‘‘(2) not less than 8 percent of the amount 
appropriated for each fiscal year shall be for the Tsunami Research Program under sec-tion 6.’’. 
SEC. 11. OUTREACH RESPONSIBILITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator of the 
National Oceanic and Atmospheric Adminis-tration, in coordination with State and local emergency managers, shall develop and carry out formal outreach activities to im-prove tsunami education and awareness and foster the development of resilient commu-nities. Outreach activities may include— 
(1) the development of outreach plans to 
ensure the close integration of tsunami warning centers supported or maintained pursuant to section 4(d) of the Tsunami Warning and Education Act (33 U.S.C. 3203(d)) with local Weather Forecast Offices of the National Weather Service and emer-gency managers; 
(2) working with appropriate local Weather 
Forecast Offices to ensure they have the technical knowledge and capability to dis-seminate tsunami warnings to the commu-nities they serve; and 
(3) evaluating the effectiveness of warnings 
and of coordination with local Weather Fore-cast Offices after significant tsunami events. 
(b) C
OORDINATING COMMITTEE OF THE NA-
TIONAL TSUNAMI HAZARD MITIGATION PRO-
GRAM .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall 
convene a coordinating committee to assist the Administrator in the conduct of the pro-gram required by section 5(a) of the Tsunami Warning and Education Act (33 U.S.C. 3204(a)). 
(2) C
OMPOSITION .—The coordinating com-
mittee shall be composed of members from each of the States at risk from tsunami, and any other such representatives as the Ad-ministrator considers appropriate to rep-resent Federal, State, tribal, territorial, and local governments. 
(3) S
UBCOMMITTEES .—The Administrator 
may approve the formation of subcommit-tees to address specific program components or regional issues. 
(4) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The coordinating 
committee shall— 
(A) provide feedback on how funds should 
be prioritized to carry out the program re-quired by section 5(a) of the Tsunami Warn-ing and Education Act (33 U.S.C. 3204(a)); 
(B) ensure that areas described in section 
4(c) of the Tsunami Warning and Education Act (33 U.S.C. 3203(c)) in the United States and its territories have the opportunity to participate in the program; 
(C) provide recommendations to the Ad-
ministrator on how to improve and continu-ously advance the TsunamiReady program, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JA7.007 H07JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H90 January 7, 2015 
particularly on ways to make communities 
more tsunami resilient through the use of in-undation maps and models and other hazard mitigation practices; and 
(D) ensure that all components of the pro-
gram required by section 5(a) of the Tsunami Warning and Education Act (33 U.S.C. 3204(a)) are integrated with ongoing State- based hazard warning, risk management, and resilience activities, including— 
(i) integrating activities with emergency 
response plans, disaster recovery, hazard mitigation, and community development programs in affected areas; and 
(ii) integrating information to assist in 
tsunami evacuation route planning. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH) and the gentle-
woman from Oregon (Ms. B ONAMICI ) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and to include extraneous mate-rial on H.R. 34, the bill now under con-sideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 34, the Tsunami 
Warning, Education, and Research Act of 2015, amends and strengthens the Tsunami Warning and Education Act of 2006. It reauthorizes important work at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration and refocuses the pro-gram on tsunami detection, forecasts, and research. 
I want to thank the gentlewoman 
from Oregon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ) and the 
gentleman from California (Mr. R OHR-
ABACHER ) for their bipartisan work on 
this bill. A virtually identical bill passed the House by a voice vote this past September in the previous Con-gress. 
I now join the ranking member of the 
Science Committee, Ms. J
OHNSON , in 
cosponsoring the bill before us today. 
Despite the recent absence of tsu-
nami disasters here in the U.S., the threat is still very real. The massive destruction from the tsunami caused by the 2011 earthquake in Japan is a vivid reminder of the need for en-hanced early warning capabilities. 
We face a similar threat here at 
home. Tsunamis have the ability to in-jure Americans, damage property, and harm the economy. 
This bill updates the Tsunami Fore-
casting and Warning Program operated by NOAA. It will enhance the accuracy of forecasts, modernize and improve the standards and guidelines for map-ping and modeling tsunamis, and sup-port enhanced research efforts related to tsunami science. 
H.R. 34 also requires the NOAA Ad-
ministrator to coordinate with State and local emergency managers to im-prove tsunami education and aware-ness in our coastal communities. This will help develop effective response and 
resilience in the face of tsunamis and other coastal hazards. 
This bill prioritizes fundamental sci-
entific research on these phenomena, strengthens outreach programs, and advances technological forecasts to better understand and predict disas-ters. 
I again thank the gentleman from 
California (Mr. R
OHRABACHER ) and Ms. 
BONAMICI for their work on this bipar-
tisan legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, before I conclude, I 
would like to recognize our general counsel, Katy Flynn, sitting to my left, for her great service to the Science Committee. She will be taking her tal-ents to the Homeland Security Com-mittee next week to provide counsel for my friend and Texas colleague, Chairman M
ICHAEL MCCAUL. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND  
INFRASTRUCTURE , HOUSE OF REP-
RESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, January 7, 2015. 
Hon. L AMAR SMITH, 
Chairman, Committee on Science, Space, and 
Technology, Rayburn House Office Build-ing, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : I write concerning 
H.R. 34, the Tsunami Warning, Education, and Research Act of 2015. As you are aware, there are certain provisions in the legisla-tion that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure. 
In order to expedite the House’s consider-
ation of H.R. 34, the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure will forgo action on this bill. However, this is conditional on our mutual understanding that forgoing con-sideration of the bill does not prejudice the Committee with respect to the appointment of conferees or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation that fall within the Committee’s Rule X jurisdiction. I re-quest you urge the Speaker to name mem-bers of the Committee to any conference committee named to consider such provi-sions. 
I would appreciate your response to this 
letter, confirming this understanding, and would request that you insert our exchange of letters on this matter into the Congres-sional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. 
Sincerely, 
B
ILLSHUSTER , 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , AND 
TECHNOLOGY , 
Washington, DC, January 7, 2015. 
Hon. B ILLSHUSTER , 
Chairman, Committee on Transportation and 
Infrastructure, Rayburn House Office Building, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR CHAIRMAN SHUSTER : Thank you for 
your letter regarding H.R. 34, the ‘‘Tsunami Warning, Education, and Research Act of 2015’’. I appreciate your support in bringing this legislation before the House of Rep-resentatives, and accordingly, understand that the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure will forego action on the bill. 
The Committee on Science, Space, and 
Technology concurs with the mutual under-standing that by foregoing consideration of H.R. 34 at this time, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure does not waive any jurisdiction over the subject mat-ter contained in this bill or similar legisla-
tion in the future. In addition, should a con-ference on this bill be necessary, I would sup-port your request to have the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure rep-resented on the conference committee. 
I will insert copies of this exchange in the 
Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work with the Transportation Committee as the bill moves through the legislative process. 
Sincerely, 
L
AMAR SMITH, 
Chairman. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 
34, the Tsunami Warning, Education, and Research Act of 2015. 
I want to thank Mr. R
OHRABACHER for 
working with me to advance this bipar-tisan legislation. I also thank the chairman and ranking member of the Science Committee, Mr. S
MITH and Ms. 
JOHNSON , for their support in making 
this bill an early priority in the 114th Congress. I would also like to thank the State and local emergency manage-ment officials, coastal zone managers, and the many scientists and other ex-perts who lent their expertise and expe-rience to the development of this bill. Coastal community groups and emer-gency planners in my district are working hard to prepare their commu-nities for earthquake and tsunami events, and I am grateful that they took some time to provide their input on this legislation. 
Last month marked the 10th anniver-
sary of the Sumatra-Andaman earth-quake in Southeast Asia. That earth-quake triggered a tsunami event that claimed the lives of more than 200,000 people from Indonesia to Madagascar. Following that tragic event, Congress enacted the Tsunami Warning and Edu-cation Act to begin preparing our com-munities for the considerable threat posed by such an event. We were again reminded of the severe dangers that a 
tsunami represents for our coastal communities almost 4 years ago when the Tohoku earthquake near Japan created a devastating tsunami that re-sulted in the tragic loss of human lives and billions of dollars in economic damage, damage that reached as far as the west coast of the United States. 
The events in Indonesia and Japan 
underscore the importance of this leg-islation, which reauthorizes and ex-tends U.S. efforts to prepare and pro-tect our coastal communities from similar events. 
Our ability to prepare, respond to, 
and recover from a tsunami depends in large part on the hard work done at the local level. The Tsunami Warning, Education, and Research Act will sup-port local efforts, and it is an impor-tant step toward making sure our con-stituents are ready to face the dangers posed by tsunami threats. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JA7.007 H07JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H91 January 7, 2015 
Maritime commerce, vibrant tour-
ism, and more than 120 million Ameri-cans are all part of the rich coastal U.S. economy, an economy that con-tributes significantly to the U.S. GDP. The commercial fishing industry alone supports about 1 million jobs, and the international trade associated with coastal and marine fisheries contrib-utes close to $70 billion annually to the U.S. economy. Ensuring that coastal communities, big and small, have the resources and knowledge necessary to protect these critical assets from the threat of tsunami and be prepared should it occur is simply good and pru-dent policy. 
My coastal constituents are keenly 
aware of the threat that a tsunami poses to their communities, and cities up and down coasts have responded by installing warning sirens and devel-oping evacuation routes. But as we learn more about which areas will be hardest hit and which technologies can provide the most accurate warning, a coordinated effort is required to update preparation and response. 
In Tillamook County, Oregon, for ex-
ample, just outside my district, they recently decided they are going to be using social media and phones to warn residents. Seaside, a small coastal town in my district, has been identified as the most vulnerable community to tsunami on the Oregon coast, and local leaders and organizations there are proactively educating residents and visitors about tsunami evacuation routes, storage supply locations, and emergency communication systems. 
At the Federal level, we must do our 
part to help communities understand the risks and seriousness of the threats they face, and work with them to be prepared, which is why I sponsored this bill along with my colleague from Cali-fornia (Mr. R
OHRABACHER ). 
In Oregon, we know that a cata-
strophic earthquake and tsunami will occur some day in the Cascadia subduction zone. The question is not a matter of if, but when. Although no one can predict when the Cascadia fault will rupture, we can and we must prepare. 
This legislation will help to ensure 
that local and regional decision-mak-ers have the tools and information they need to develop mitigation and re-sponse plans to this ever present threat, and to communicate these plans to the public in an effective and efficient manner. 
For distant tsunami events, this bill 
will advance research efforts related to improving forecasting, detection, and notification. It adds port and harbor operations as entities to be safeguarded by tsunami forecasting capabilities. 
b1430 
This bill will also support research 
needed to improve our understanding of local tsunami events. A local tsu-nami—one that is generated just off the coast—has a travel time of less than 30 minutes. This is the kind of tsunami most likely to have wide-
spread and devastating impacts on the U.S. coast and on the Caribbean. 
In the 10 years since tragedy struck 
in the Indian Ocean region, we have made significant strides in our under-standing of how to prepare for, miti-gate, and respond to a tsunami. 
I have no doubt that the progress we 
have made, in large part through NOAA’s efforts under the Tsunami Warning and Education Act, has en-hanced the safety of our community and has the potential to save lives. This good work must be continued, and our bipartisan bill will provide ongoing assistance to protect our coastal com-munities from the impact of a tsunami. 
With that, Mr. Speaker, I urge my 
colleagues to join me in supporting this bipartisan legislation, and I re-serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OHRABACHER ), an 
original cosponsor of this legislation and a senior member of the Science Committee. 
Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise in strong support of H.R. 34, the Tsunami Warning, Education and Re-search Act of 2015. I would like to thank my fellow partner in this en-deavor, Representative S
UZANNE  
BONAMICI , for her tireless work on this. 
She has done a great job. She has done her constituents and our committee proud for the hard work that she has put into this. 
In the end, if indeed we succeed and 
this bill becomes law and the things we are trying to do are accomplished and hundreds of lives are saved, we can sit back and say: ‘‘It was a job well done. We have saved Americans and some lives overseas. That is what God want-ed us to do with our time here in Wash-ington, D.C.’’ Thank you for letting me be part of your effort to accomplish this. 
I would also like to thank Chairman 
L
AMAR SMITH and Ranking Member 
EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON . Chairman 
LAMAR SMITH has been a wonderful 
leader who has demonstrated the type of bipartisan effort that can really get things accomplished, and I am proud to be on his team as well. 
We have seen time and time again 
what tsunamis can do. That is what this legislation is all about. We need to learn more about them. We need to be more accurate in forecasting and re-ducing the impacts on our commu-nities. 
This legislation will help us make 
sure that all of our coastal commu-nities—especially those in my district in California, which are some of the best coastal beaches in all of the United States of America—are ade-quately prepared and properly warned about this danger. 
H.R. 34 will strengthen our tsunami 
warning system’s ability to forecast a tsunami arrival, thus bringing damages down. It will establish a working group to provide advice on tsunami science and technology. This legislation does 
all of this in a fiscally responsible manner, and I am proud to ask my col-leagues to join me in support of it. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I am 
happy to yield 4 minutes to my col-league from Oregon (Mr. D
EFAZIO), who 
also represents some coastline in our great State. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. I thank the gentle-
woman. I also congratulate the chair, the ranking member, and others who support this needed legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, this bill will bring new 
focus to NOAA’s ongoing efforts on de-ploying early detection systems, re-search, and working with potentially affected communities, better educating the public and designating evacuation routes and putting other measures in place that can mitigate damage or loss of life in the case of a tsunami. 
The Cascadia Subduction fault is not 
as well known to most Americans as the San Andreas in California, but the Cascadia Subduction fault, which starts just south of my district off of northern California has the potential for an even more devastating earth-quake and much more probability of a devastating tsunami than anything caused by the San Andreas and other major faults. 
This bill is good in the focus it 
brings. The gentleman who spoke be-fore me from California said it does it in a fiscally responsible way. Well, I would only disagree with that in that it is not fiscally responsible to underfund these efforts at NOAA. 
We should be moving forward with all 
dispatch to use existing technology which is on the shelf and being de-ployed by Japan, Southeast Asia, off of South America, and being used on land in Mexico and places like Romania for early detection systems. 
We are researching and thinking 
about what we want to do. There are off-the-shelf technologies that will work for remote sensing. What will that mean? If you have remote sensors off the southern Oregon coast close to this fault, that means in the case of a major earthquake—which could be Cat-egory 9—you would have a warning fur-ther and further up the coast, a longer warning. 
For people immediately adjacent or 
in the mid-Oregon coast, it could defi-nitely save lives and give people more time to get to high ground by using known evacuation routes. 
The further you move north, say to 
the city of Portland, a major quake will have a major impact, but the shock waves would take 8 to 10 minutes or more to travel there. You could get people off the bridges. You could shut down the light rail system. People with critical manufacturing undertakings could shut down their lines, so they would have less economic loss. 
In my district, schools could be evac-
uated. We have many schools that don’t meet earthquake standards that will collapse. Given 3 to 5 minutes that we could have in Eugene, you could 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.042 H07JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H92 January 7, 2015 
save the lives of hundreds and hundreds 
of kids. 
But we are the United States of 
America. We can’t afford it. Under the budget priorities of the Republican Party, we can’t afford to deploy an early warning system off the United States of America. Now, Mexico can af-ford it. Chile can afford it. Malaysia and Indonesia can afford it. Japan can afford it. Romania and Mexico can af-ford it. We can’t. 
Well, it is time to stop dragging our 
feet. This bill brings the focus to NOAA, but it also brings focus on the fact that we aren’t giving them the money they need. 
It brings focus to NOAA that will 
hopefully urge them to move more quickly and not mess around trying to develop new technologies or thinking about it, like some of our Federal agen-cies do. Use known, off-the-shelf tech-nologies that work and is being de-ployed elsewhere in the world, and it is up to Congress to give them a budget adequate to do this. 
I hope we act soon. This bill today is 
the first step. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, in clos-
ing, I want to again thank and ac-knowledge my cosponsor, Mr. R
OHR-
ABACHER from California, and the 
chairman and ranking member of the Science, Space, and Technology Com-mittee for bringing this bill forward. 
I want to again recognize that 10 
years have passed since the tragedy that befell the Indian Ocean region and also take a moment to remember the devastating 2011 earthquake and tsu-nami in Japan, a tsunami whose effects were felt on the western coast of the United States. 
We must be mindful of those lessons 
learned from past disasters and give our constituents the necessary tools to prepare for future tsunami events. 
In Seaside, Oregon, the schools are in 
the tsunami inundation zone. We must do what we can to support the vital re-search and advancements in fore-casting that will give local commu-nities the resources they need to pre-pare and be more resilient. 
I urge adoption of this legislation, 
and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 34, the ‘‘Tsunami Warning, Education, and Research Act of 2015’’. 
First, I want to thank the Ranking Member 
of the Environment Subcommittee, Ms. B
ONAMICI , for her work on this legislation and 
her commitment to maintaining the health and vitality of the Nation’s oceans and coastal communities. I would also like to thank Mr. R
OHRABACHER for joining her in this bipartisan 
effort, and Mr. S MITH, the Chairman of the 
Science Committee, for starting the 114th Congress with a good bipartisan bill. 
Over 120 million Americans call the United 
States coastline their home. These coastal communities—from major cities to small 
towns—play a vital role in sustaining the American economy. In fact, approximately one-third of the U.S. gross domestic product has its origins in coastal areas. That is why the bill we are considering today is so impor-tant. It would allow the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration to continue to pro-tect Americans and our coastal economies from the threat of tsunamis. 
This legislation is a perfect example of a fa-
miliar saying: an ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure. Our tsunami warning pro-gram has increased in effectiveness over the last decade, but we must remain vigilant in our preparedness and continue to invest in the re-search and development, and education and outreach, necessary to improve the resiliency of our coastal communities to these destruc-tive waves. We were reminded in 2004 in Su-matra, and again in 2011 in Japan, of the dev-astation that can be caused by a tsunami. Bil-lions and billions of dollars in economic dam-ages and countless lives are at risk if we do not maintain, and improve, our tsunami detec-tion and forecasting capabilities. Today’s legis-lation advances NOAA’s research efforts to do just that and may ultimately add minutes of critical response time to tsunami warnings. The bill also recognizes that the results of NOAA’s research must be translated into out-reach and education activities at the state and local level. The effective and timely commu-nication of threats is critical in mitigating the impacts of a natural disaster. In addition, in-creased warning times are only effective if people know how to respond. I am pleased that this legislation emphasizes and supports local community preparedness. 
Resiliency to natural disasters is an impor-
tant part of strengthening the nation’s eco-nomic security. I want to ensure that our coastal communities have the resources and tools they need to minimize the loss of life and property caused by a tsunami. Reauthorizing NOAA’s tsunami activities is a key step in helping our communities continue to make progress. 
I strongly urge my colleagues to support this 
bipartisan bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH) 
that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 34. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on motions to suspend the rules previously postponed. 
Votes will be taken in the following 
order: 
H.R. 26, by the yeas and nays; H.R. 37, by the yeas and nays; H.R. 23, by the yeas and nays. The first electronic vote will be con-
ducted as a 15-minute vote. Remaining electronic votes will be conducted as 5- minute votes. TERRORISM RISK INSURANCE PRO-
GRAM REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 26) to extend the termination date of the Terrorism Insurance Pro-gram established under the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act of 2002, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. N
EUGE -
BAUER ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 416, nays 5, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 5, as follows: 
[Roll No. 8] 
YEAS—416 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle (PA) Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu (CA) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) 
Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Doggett Dold Doyle (PA) Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers Emmer Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert 
Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice (GA) Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:52 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.043 H07JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H93 January 7, 2015 
King (IA) 
King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu (CA) Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse 
Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (GA) Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schock Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin 
Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) 
Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—5 
Amash 
Jones Massie 
McClintock Sensenbrenner 
ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—1 
Slaughter 
NOT VOTING—5 
Dingell 
Duckworth Gallego 
Larson (CT) Wasserman 
Schultz 
b1507 
Mr. CARTWRIGHT and Ms. LEE 
changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. PROMOTING JOB CREATION AND 
REDUCING SMALL BUSINESS BURDENS ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 37) to make technical correc-tions to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, to enhance the ability of small and emerging growth companies to access capital through public and private markets, to reduce regulatory burdens, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill. 
This is a 5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 276, nays 146, not voting 5, as follows: 
[Roll No. 9] 
YEAS—276 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carney Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Delaney DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold 
Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers Emmer Esty Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice (GA) Hill Himes Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce 
Katko Kelly (PA) Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger 
Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (GA) Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Rush 
Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schock Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton 
Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—146 
Adams 
Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle (PA) Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu (CA) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DeSaulnier Deutch Doggett Doyle (PA) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Farr Fattah Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Grayson Green, Al 
Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu (CA) Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano 
Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Serrano Sherman Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—5 
Dingell Duckworth Gallego 
Larson (CT) Wasserman 
Schultz 
b1523 
Mr. VEASEY, Ms. MOORE, Mr. 
TORRES, Ms. D EGETTE, Messrs. 
CA´RDENAS, AGUILAR, MEEKS, and 
SWALWELL of California changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
So (two-thirds not being in the af-
firmative ) the motion was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JA7.012 H07JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H94 January 7, 2015 
NATIONAL WINDSTORM IMPACT 
REDUCTION ACT REAUTHORIZA-TION OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 23) to reauthorize the Na-tional Windstorm Impact Reduction Program, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH) 
that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 381, nays 39, not voting 7, as follows: 
[Roll No. 10] 
YEAS—381 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Amodei Ashford Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle (PA) Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu (CA) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Courtney 
Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Doggett Dold Doyle (PA) Duffy Edwards Ellison Ellmers Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Graham Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy 
Harper Harris 
Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu (CA) Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger 
Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (GA) Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schock Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson 
Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
NAYS—39 
Allen Amash Brat Buck Carter (GA) Collins (GA) DesJarlais Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer Franks (AZ) Gowdy Graves (GA) Grothman 
Hice (GA) Huelskamp Jones Jordan Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Loudermilk Lummis Massie McClintock Mulvaney 
Palmer Perry Ratcliffe Ribble Schweikert Sensenbrenner Stutzman Weber (TX) Westmoreland Yoder Yoho Zinke 
NOT VOTING—7 
Babin Dingell Duckworth Gallego 
Larson (CT) Nugent Wasserman 
Schultz 
b1532 
Mr. YOHO changed his vote from 
‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Mr. ADERHOLT changed his vote 
from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated for: Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 10 
I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, 
on January 7, 2015—I was not present for roll-call votes 8–10. If I had been present for these votes, I would have voted: ‘‘aye’’ on roll-call vote 8—H.R. 26; ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall vote 9— H.R. 37; ‘‘aye’’ on rollcall vote 10—H.R. 23. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-
VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3, KEYSTONE XL PIPELINE ACT, AND PROVIDING FOR CON-SIDERATION OF H.R. 30, SAVE AMERICAN WORKERS ACT OF 2015 
Mr. BURGESS, from the Committee 
on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–1) on the resolution (H. Res. 19) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3) to approve the Key-stone XL Pipeline, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 30) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the 30-hour threshold for classification as a full-time employee for purposes of the employer mandate in the Patient Protection and Afford-able Care Act and replace it with 40 hours, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF MEMBER TO 
JOINT ECONOMIC COMMITTEE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C OL-
LINS of Georgia). The Chair announces 
the Speaker’s appointment, pursuant to 15 U.S.C. 1024(a), and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, of the fol-lowing Member on the part of the House to the Joint Economic Com-mittee: 
Mr. B
RADY , Texas 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
clause 5(d) of rule XX, the Chair an-nounces to the House that, in light of the administration of the oath to Mem-bers-elect, the whole number of the House is 428. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, on a prior 
rollcall vote on H.R. 37, I inadvertently voted ‘‘aye,’’ and I would like to be re-corded as voting ‘‘no.’’ 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, during yes-
terday’s rollcall votes, I was absent be-cause of my attendance at the funeral of Governor Mario M. Cuomo in New York. 
Had I been present, however, on roll-
call No. 1, I would have voted ‘‘present.’’ 
On rollcall No. 2, I would have proud-
ly voted for Representative P
ELOSI for 
Speaker. 
On rollcall No. 3, I would have voted 
‘‘nay.’’ 
On rollcall No. 4, I would have voted 
‘‘nay.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.048 H07JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H95 January 7, 2015 
On rollcall No. 5, I would have voted 
‘‘yea.’’ 
On rollcall No. 6, I would have voted 
‘‘nay.’’ 
On rollcall No. 7, I would have voted 
‘‘yea.’’ 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE PASSING OF 
FORMER REPRESENTATIVE HER-BERT HARRIS 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, it is 
with great sadness that I rise with the members of the Virginia delegation to inform our colleagues of the passing of one of our colleagues, former Member of this Chamber, Herbert Harris. Herb died at the age of 88 on Christmas Eve at his home in the Mount Vernon dis-trict of Fairfax County. 
He served three terms in this body, 
from 1974 to 1980, representing what was then Virginia’s Eighth Congres-sional District. 
Like his predecessor Stan Parris, my 
predecessor Tom Davis, and myself, Herb served on the Fairfax County Board of Supervisors prior to his elec-tion to Congress, and that experience served him well here in the House. 
He was a champion for the region, 
helping secure the necessary Federal funds to complete construction of the Metro system here in the Nation’s Cap-ital and to expand the Manassas Na-tional Battlefield Park for Civil War preservation. He returned to private law practice after leaving the House. 
Our former colleagues, Representa-
tives Moran, Davis, and Wolf, collabo-rated in 2001 on a bipartisan basis to honor Herb by naming a new post office in the Mount Vernon district in his honor. 
Many of us attended funeral services 
for Herb earlier this week, and flags were flown at half-mast throughout Fairfax County and at the capitol in Richmond. 
Mr. Speaker, I now ask my col-
leagues to join all of us in extending our gratitude for his public service and our sympathy to his family and friends by standing with us at this moment to observe a moment of silence in Herb Harris’ memory. 
f 
AUTHORIZING THE SPEAKER TO 
ADMINISTER THE OATH OF OFFICE 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I offer a 
privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 20 
Resolved, Whereas, Alan Nunnelee, a Rep-
resentative-elect from the First District of the State of Mississippi, has been unable from illness to appear in person to be sworn as a Member of the House, and there being no contest or question as to his election; Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Speaker, or deputy 
named by him, is hereby authorized to ad-minister the oath of office to the Honorable Alan Nunnelee at Tupelo, Mississippi and that such oath be accepted and received by the House as the oath of office of the Honor-able Alan Nunnelee. The resolution was agreed to. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF HON. MICHAEL 
MILLS TO ADMINISTER OATH OF OFFICE TO HON. ALAN NUNNELEE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the provisions of House Resolu-tion 20, 114th Congress, the Chair ap-points the Honorable Judge Michael Mills of the Northern District of Mis-sissippi, United States District Court, to administer the oath of office to the Honorable A
LANNUNNELEE . 
f 
BIPARTISAN JOBS BILLS 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, over the past three terms, the House has acted to grow our econ-omy, control spending, and limit the abusive Federal regulations that are harming small businesses and making it harder for American families to make ends meet. 
Despite some progress, a large por-
tion of this agenda was denied consid-eration in the Senate. 
As we begin this new Congress, we 
face new opportunities and challenges, but what is certain, Mr. Speaker, is the American people sent a clear message: they have called on Washington to put forward solutions and solve the prob-lems that they face. 
This week, we begin on that path 
with consideration of several legisla-tive measures designed to grow the economy and create jobs, including the Hire More Heroes Act, the Save Amer-ican Workers Act, and approval of the Keystone XL pipeline. 
These are several of the many jobs 
bills that have received broad bipar-tisan support; yet for one reason or an-other, they have been denied consider-ation under the previous Senate major-ity. 
The American people deserve better, 
Mr. Speaker, and more gridlock is not the option. 
f 
THE SEPARATION OF POWERS ACT 
(Mr. POE of Texas asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the 
United States Congress has been sworn into office. We all took an oath to sup-port and defend the United States Con-stitution. 
The Constitution, however, is under 
attack by the policies of the adminis-tration. The administration has uncon-stitutionally, illegally, and unwisely issued a decree that, in essence, grants amnesty to about 5 million people. 
The real issue is not an immigration 
issue because we need immigration re-form, but it is a constitutional issue. 
The Constitution has been bruised by the improper act of the President. 
All Members who support the Con-
stitution and constitutional govern-ment, rather than a government run by one person, should oppose the illegal action memo of the administration. 
Along with Representative B
LACK of 
Tennessee, I have introduced the Sepa-ration of Powers Act. This bill will pro-hibit taxpayer funds to be used or ap-propriated for the recent illegal ac-tions of the administration’s granting amnesty. 
The President also has been sworn to 
support the Constitution, and it is Con-gress’ duty to make the laws, whether the administration likes it or not. The Constitution is not a mere suggestion. It is the law of the land. 
And that is just the way it is. 
f 
b1545 
FIGHTING TERRORISM 
(Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, in 
the last couple of days, we have seen tragic incidents occurring against in-nocent people, today in particular, the tragic killing of journalists and police officers in Paris, France, terrorist acts against innocent persons and persons who we know in the United States have the right to the First Amendment and freedom of expression that is the very core of the principles of this Nation of which we value and which our soldiers have gone to faraway wars to fight for. 
At the same time, Boko Haram, a 
terrorist group that has plagued the African continent, mainly in Nigeria, Chad, Cameroon, and around the areas of Niger, have taken a city near Lake Chad. They have seized that city. They have taken over the military base. They are continuing to kill thousands and causing 1.5 million to be displaced. 
Again, we have to fight terrorism in 
a universal manner, both in terms of our attitudes and values, but more im-portantly, in the organizing of African nations to stand up against these hei-nous terrorists, who have stolen chil-dren, 300 girls and boys, and taken them from their families and lives. Boko Haram cannot be in control. We must, in a united way, stand against them and provide for the peace and tranquility of the people of the con-tinent where they are. 
f 
AMERICA’S NEW CONGRESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
ABRAHAM ). Under the Speaker’s an-
nounced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX) is recognized for 60 minutes as 
the designee of the majority leader. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, since I was 
first elected to Congress in 2004, I have heard from thousands of constituents across North Carolina’s Fifth District. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.050 H07JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H96 January 7, 2015 
In recent years, there has been an un-
derstandable note of frustration in their voices over the direction that our country is headed. 
These folks know all too well the 
struggle to find a job and pay the bills. They are angry that it takes an aver-age 111 days just to make enough money to pay the government before starting to keep what they earn for the year. They have watched an oppressive government intrusion into health care make it far too difficult and expensive for many to do business. They are dis-couraged by an uncertain regulatory environment that is wreaking havoc on both employers and employees. They are outraged at the President’s unprec-edented attempt to grant amnesty to millions of illegal aliens when there are so many individuals who have wait-ed years for the opportunity to come to this country the right way. 
Over the last 4 years, the U.S. House 
of Representatives has done everything in our power to put this Nation on a better path. We have passed numerous pieces of legislation to encourage job growth and strengthen America’s standing in the global economy. We have also passed bills that would de-crease energy costs, allow workers to have more flexibility to spend time with their families, and increase trans-parency in how tax dollars are spent. However, we were stymied again and again by Democrats in the Senate. 
Despite the short time we have had, 
the obstacles we have faced and the enormity of our task, House Repub-licans have still managed a number of conservative victories. For example, this summer legislation I authored was signed into law to streamline the Fed-eral workforce development system, in-cluding the elimination of 15 duplica-tive programs. Last month we passed legislation that has since been signed into law to allow families of a severely disabled child to save for their child’s long-term disability expenses in the same way that many families currently save for college through popular 529 in-vestment plans, encouraging personal responsibility instead of increasing de-pendency on the government. 
We all wish we could have done more, 
much more; however, we will have greater opportunities over the next 2 years with a Republican-led House and Senate. The 114th Congress offers new chances to pass legislation that will take the country down a road of eco-nomic recovery that results in lower unemployment, a fair Tax Code, and opportunity for all. We will work to re-duce the size and scope of the Federal Government, protect against executive overreach, reform Federal spending, and keep America strong. 
My priorities for this year include 
continuing efforts to increase trans-parency and accountability in govern-ment. That is why H.R. 50, the Un-funded Mandates Information and Transparency Act, which we call UMITA, is the first bill I introduced in the 114th Congress. This legislation would improve transparency and public 
disclosure of the true cost—in dollars and in jobs—that Federal dictates pose to the economy. I have offered this leg-islation in the past four Congresses, and it has successfully passed the House with bipartisan support on three separate occasions, only to be ignored by the Senate. My hope is that this year will be different. 
Congress will also face off against the 
White House this year over President Obama’s attempts to short-circuit the American immigration process. By ex-tending funding for the Department of Homeland Security only through Feb-ruary 2015, the House and Senate are prepared to confront the President’s unparalleled power grab without the threat of a looming government-wide shutdown, and we will do everything we can to stop his destructive actions. 
Congress will be addressing the 
American people’s greatest priorities in the 114th Congress, and we will work hard to build a better future for Amer-ican families. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
UNITED STATES-CUBAN 
RELATIONS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
EE) is recognized for 60 
minutes as the designee of the minor-ity leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-
mous consent that Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from California? 
There was no objection. Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, this evening I 
stand with my colleagues to discuss an issue that is very important to this country, and that is our country’s rela-tions with Cuba. It has been 50 years— five decades—of a failed policy. Our wrongheaded policy toward Cuba, born of cold war tensions, has failed. Our policies have been in dire need of up-dating ever since. This island nation, which lies just 90 miles from our shores, one of our closest neighbors, should be a partner in our hemisphere, not an estranged country or enemy. Along with many of my congressional colleagues, many of whom are gathered here tonight, we have been fighting to make that a reality for decades. 
I would now like to move toward and 
talk a little bit about some of the issues that many of us have been in-volved in, and then I will yield to my colleagues. 
In the past, addressing our failed 
policies toward Cuba really had strong and clear bipartisan support in Con-gress. Recent polling shows it has bi-partisan support amongst the Amer-ican people. According to a 2014 survey commissioned by the Atlantic Council, more than 60 percent of Americans sup-port lifting the travel and economic re-
strictions on Cuba, and 56 percent of Americans support changing overall United States policy towards Cuba. That includes 63 percent of Floridians, 62 percent of Latinos, and 52 percent of Republicans. 
Thanks to recent, very bold actions 
from President Obama, we have finally made some headway in this fight. We have started down the long and hard road towards ending our failed policies 
and establishing policies that promote the freedoms of Americans and Cubans, encourage trade and job creation here in the United States, and support the open exchange of critical medical de-velopment and research to treat dis-eases that afflict many Americans. 
In December, the President an-
nounced that the United States will re-establish diplomatic ties, facilitate travel, improve commercial exchanges and telecommunications and a variety of other policies. This is a welcomed and long-overdue response to our calls and the calls of many advocates both in this body and outside, from Cuba, the United States, and around the world. 
Today we come to the floor first to 
thank President Obama for his leader-ship and to discuss the important changes he has brought about through his action; but at the same time, we are here to call on this Congress to act to end the outdated embargo while maintaining our Nation’s unwavering commitment to human rights and de-mocracy. 
I personally began my efforts to end 
the embargo when I was a congres-sional staffer for my predecessor and mentor, Congressman Ron Dellums, in 1977. Since then, I have traveled to Cuba more than 20 times and have led several congressional delegations to that island. Quite frankly, each time I am there, I am struck by how much both of our nations would benefit from improved relations. Over the years, many Members have been proud of their young people who have received their medical education at the Latin American medical school, ELAM, which allows students from low-income and disadvantaged backgrounds to study medicine in Cuba for free, re-turning to the United States to prac-tice in underserved areas. 
When I was chair of the Congres-
sional Black Caucus in the 112th Con-gress, I was honored to lead a delega-tion to talk with Cuban officials, in-cluding President Raul Castro, to de-termine their willingness to engage in dialogue with no preconditions in an effort to move toward normalization of relations. 
Recently, we led a bipartisan delega-
tion to examine a new treatment for diabetic foot ulcers that afflict mil-lions of Americans every year. Trag-ically, this condition often ends in am-putations and sometimes death for pa-tients. This new treatment has been developed. It is highly effective. Hope-fully Americans can benefit from this treatment if we end the embargo. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.052 H07JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H97 January 7, 2015 
So I will continue to work with my 
colleagues on both sides of the aisle to ensure that this development and other areas of common interest to the Amer-ican and Cuban people are pursued and developed, which I will review later in my closing statement. 
Now I yield to the gentlelady from 
Texas (Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON ), 
who has visited Cuba and really under-stands the trade and business aspects and the job-creation aspects of why we need to move forward to end this failed policy. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentle-lady very much. 
I rise in support of President 
Obama’s recent announcement that up-dates our diplomatic policy approach to Cuba. I am very pleased to see that our outdated approach to U.S.-Cuban relations will end and we will begin to normalize our relationship with Cuba. Not only does the Obama administra-tion’s announcement reestablish posi-tive diplomatic ties with Cuba, it also helps to empower the Cuban people by updating travel restrictions, remit-tance policies, and quality of life. 
One of the most positive outcomes of 
the updated policy announcement is the lifting of many trade restrictions between the United States and Cuba. In my home State of Texas, the Texas Farm Bureau has long supported im-proved trade policies with Cuba be-cause of the potential to export Texas farm products. This provision not only serves the U.S. economy positively, but it is also very meaningful to the Cuban policy, which has struggled tremen-dously in the past. 
While trade provisions and helping to 
improve the livelihood of Cuban people by allowing the Cuban economy to build are constructive measures, we must focus on additional viable re-sources Cuba could provide to the United States. For instance, with the opening of diplomatic ties, I sincerely hope that our State medical boards in the United States will consider the educational value that Cuban medical schools provide to future health profes-sionals who wish to practice medicine in the United States. I have had stu-dents from my district attend medical school in Cuba. I am aware that Cuba has offered nurses and physicians around the world in needy countries where needed. 
The aforementioned examples are 
only a few of the many ways that open-ing our diplomatic relations with Cuba will be positive for our country, and I urge my colleagues to support the Obama administration’s decision to up-date our relationship with our neighbor and future ally. 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I now yield to 
the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. C
ASTOR ), who represents Tampa and 
has certainly been a bold leader and 
understands clearly the economic bene-fits in her district as they relate to ending the embargo. 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I thank the gentlelady from California for her longstanding leadership, her 
commitment to human rights and change in a positive way for the rela-tionship between the United States of America and Cuba. 
I also would be remiss if I didn’t rec-
ognize some of my other colleagues who have been in this, have encouraged a change in policy for many, many years, if not decades: Congressman F
ARR, Congresswoman D ELAURO , Con-
gressman M CGOVERN , Congressman 
VANHOLLEN , Congressman P OLIS, Con-
gressman M EEKS , and many others who 
have taken it upon themselves to visit the island of Cuba, like the average American is not allowed to do, and learn about the real situation on the ground there. 
b1600 
I also commend the Obama adminis-
tration and the President for his bold move in finally moving this outdated, anachronistic policy towards Cuba into a positive direction. Because just think about this: since the embargo has been in place and our policy of isolation has been in place, we had a war with Viet-nam, but we have come to reconcile with the Vietnamese, and now the Vi-etnamese people have seen great eco-nomic reforms because America was engaged. Even after World War II, when we had a world war against Germany, you have to turn the page and move on in human history, and we were able to do that with one of our closest allies now with Germany. So why not Cuba? 
In the Tampa Bay area I represent a 
lot of Cuban-American families. In fact, the bulk of my constituent work often involves family unification. It is not uncommon every week to have a situation where there is a dying grand-mother in the United States and her grandchildren in Cuba would like to come and visit. And yet over the past years, they have been subjected to the worst kind of bureaucratic red tape that has not allowed them to travel freely to America, and the same for American citizens. 
Did you know that Americans are not 
allowed to travel freely to Cuba? Many people don’t know that Cuba is really one of the only nations in the entire world where our constitutional rights to travel are restricted. And we think now with the Obama administration’s move we will begin to open the door to greater travel, in recognition of our own human rights and constitutional rights. 
But I think it is really for our fami-
lies to be able to unify them. It is only a 1-hour flight from Tampa to Havana. It is less than that, and it is a beautiful flight. And yet it has been off limits for so long. So thank you to the Obama ad-ministration for beginning to take the steps to open this up. 
I want folks to know Cuba is chang-
ing. Just like the Congresswoman who has traveled there multiple times, I traveled on a fact-finding mission not too long ago. There are meaningful economic reforms under way. America needs to be there to encourage it, to 
move it along faster and farther. 
People now in Cuba can own some 
private property. There are new small businesses and entrepreneurs that have the ability to step away from govern-ment control and take control of their own lives. There is decentralization of power. But unless America is engaged, we are not going to be able to continue those economic reforms and press for improvements in human rights. 
This is also an important time for 
America to capitalize on the changes in the world economy. Remember for a long time it was the Soviet Union that supported Cuba, or it was Venezuela. Well, now with the energy revolution in America, there has never been a bet-ter time for America to use its influ-ence in the world, its economic power, its pressing for human rights, as Ven-ezuela doesn’t carry the day anymore. Their economy is in turmoil. The same for Russia. The economic conditions now play to our advantage, and we need to use it to improve human rights on the island, to improve family unifi-cation, and begin to establish those all important diplomatic ties. 
In my hometown of Tampa, they 
have led the way. My Greater Tampa Chamber of Commerce has traveled a number of times. They would like to reestablish trade ties. There have been enormous numbers of cultural ex-changes. The Florida Orchestra had a multiyear exchange with the Orchestra of Cuba. Ybor City businessmen have instituted art celebrations with the Cuban people right in the heart of Tampa. The University of Tampa’s baseball team went and played the Cuban national team. Yes, and the Uni-versity of Tampa did prevail, much to the chagrin of the Cubans. 
But these are the ways that you build 
a relationship, a greater foundation for economic reform and human rights re-form. In fact, it is the Saint Lawrence Catholic Church in Tampa that is going to fund the first Catholic parish on the island of Cuba in the coming years. If we cannot stand as leaders in the Western Hemisphere for religious freedom, for human rights, for eco-nomic engagement and improvement, who will? It is our time. I thank the leaders in this Congress that have pressed for this change, I commend President Obama for taking this bold move, and I encourage all Members of Congress to travel there and listen to the people, listen to their cries for positive change. We have it within our power to lift the embargo and begin to press on these issues, and I hope that we will. 
Ms. LEE. I thank the gentlewoman 
for laying out just really a glimpse of the possibilities, and again, thank you for your leadership. 
Now I would like to yield to Con-
gresswoman S
HEILA JACKSON LEEfrom 
Texas, who has been a longtime sup-porter and advocate for ending the em-bargo, who also, I was reminded ear-lier, in her role as the Immigration 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.053 H07JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H98 January 7, 2015 
Subcommittee ranking member, she 
was very instrumental in the Elian Gonzalez case and was able to really help forge a path forward to return Elian to Cuba. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as 
you notice, Members who are on the floor today have come from a variety of States, a variety of political philoso-phies and positions. I think it is appro-priate to acknowledge Congresswoman B
ARBARA LEEfor galvanizing Members 
on both sides of the aisle on an impor-tant and enormous leap of change that we have made over the years by her de-termination and persistence and knowledge. So I thank her very much for that kind of leadership, allowing many of us to travel to Cuba on any number of occasions, meeting with Fidel Castro, speaking about issues of government and the needs of the Cuban people and the needs of the American people. 
To my colleagues, everyone who has 
visited, they have found the Cuban peo-ple hospitable and friendly, desiring peace, and respecting America. If there is ever one impression that you have when you leave Cuba, it is the desire for strong relationships and the con-nectedness between Cubans, Cuban- 
Americans, and Americans. 
As a Representative from Texas, I 
can assure you that over the years I have heard often from members of my agricultural community about their desire to begin engaging with trade in Cuba. And they do so as proud Ameri-cans, as Americans who have sent young men and now young women to faraway shores in military uniform to defend this Nation. 
What they see in Cuba, as has been 
indicated, is a friend with which we had disagreements, but a friend with which we now can find a pathway for-ward. As was mentioned, we had en-gaged in a war in Vietnam, we have en-gaged in a war in Iraq and Afghanistan, soldiers coming home now with few sol-diers left behind. And, Mr. Speaker, we are engaging in diplomatic relations with Iraq, Afghanistan, and certainly Vietnam. How in the world can an is-land 90 miles away be held in such con-tempt that we cannot find a pathway forward. 
So I strongly support the executive 
order of this President, and I will tell you why in just a few minutes of the time that I have remaining. I serve on the Homeland Security Committee, and previously on Judiciary, on which I continue. My colleague is correct. At the time of the young boy by the name of Elian Gonzalez, who was found near 
the shores of our great Nation, his mother deceased trying to escape, of course, from Cuba with a number of others, there was this custody fight, if you will, about whether or not his rel-atives here or his father should have custody over him, his father being in Cuba. What a sensitive question for a very young boy who could not make a decision on his own. What a traumatic experience in those difficult waters watching his mother not survive. So as a member of that committee, 
working with my fellow colleagues and working then with the Clinton admin-istration and then Attorney General Janet Reno, though it was not, if I might say, a clear and pretty scene, we knew that in the best interest of the child the parent was the best custodian or guardian, whether or not that child was, in fact, having to go to Cuba. 
But as I said earlier, the Cuban peo-
ple are peaceful people. Every country has had a revolutionary path, and Cuba has as well. But it was a right decision for Elian, who is now a young man, and to all accounts is performing his duties as a responsible adult. But that was a very tough incident in our political life, if you will, to see a child snatched by officials of this government to take him home to Cuba. Maybe that was, in fact, the first statement of an altered policy. 
Let me close by saying why I believe 
the President’s executive order is le-gitimate in the context of his legal au-thority, and I am excited about the be-ginning of the change in diplomatic re-lationships between Cuba and the United States. 
Mr. Speaker, would you not want to 
know who is 90 miles away from you in this time of franchise terrorism? Wouldn’t we want to know who our al-lies are in the Caribbean, or who our allies are in fighting horrific drug traf-ficking? Well, I think we can find that in the entity of the Cuban government. We know that we have not seen a ter-rorist incident in that particular coun-try. That is why we need to normalize relations. 
I am grateful for Mr. Gross’ return, 
who was brought out by many Members of Congress, including my colleagues here, including Congresswoman L
EE, 
and as well some of the other political prisoners who have been released, in-cluding some in recent days. 
And then lastly let me say, let us cel-
ebrate the Cuban people for the mag-nificent export that they have: medi-cine, medical research, and physicians. Everyone knows that in the Ebola fight, the largest contingent, or one of the largest contingents of medical pro-fessionals, doctors fighting against Ebola on the continent of Africa, is and has been Cuban doctors alongside of the international workforce of medical professionals, Good Samaritans who sacrifice their lives to fight this deadly disease. But every single medical crisis in the world, you can count on Cuban doctors being there, as well as in con-flicts and wars, such as over in the Mideast, Cuban doctors go to save lives. 
I want to thank the gentlewoman for 
this Special Order. I look forward to joining her in further codels to visit and to be part of the continued normal-ization. I say this not out of disrespect of the feelings of others who have expe-rienced a crisis in their relationship with Cuba, but only to say that now may be the time for peaceful reconcili-ation, for families to be reconciled and for us to begin this peaceful journey 
with the nation of Cuba. Let me thank you, thank President Obama, and thank those who are very much a part of this. 
Ms. LEE. Let me thank you, Con-
gresswoman J
ACKSON LEE, for being 
with us here tonight and reminding us of much of the history that cannot be forgotten as we move toward normal relations with Cuba. 
Also with regard to Alan Gross. Yes-
terday, Alan and his wife, Judy, they were with us, and we all were so thrilled to see Alan Gross, and we are pleased that the President’s action ac-tually resulted in the long overdue re-turn of our friend Mr. Gross. 
Every time that many of us went to 
Cuba we wanted to meet with Alan. It was important to learn more about his case, but more importantly to do what we could do to help with humanitarian relief and to encourage and lift his spirits. 
One of those individuals who has 
been so key in this is Congressman G
REGORY MEEKS from New York, who 
has consistently talked about the im-portance of normalized relations with Cuba in the context of Latin American policies, our policy role in the Western Hemisphere. 
b1615 
Mr. MEEKS. Mr. Speaker, I want to 
thank B
ARBARA LEEfor her steadfast-
ness, for her tenacity, for her consist-ency in trying to bring a change in a policy that has been faulty, for it has 
been the policy that we have been doing over and over and over again, we have had over and over again and get-ting the same results: zero. 
I want to thank B
ARBARA for her 
hard work on this. I look forward to continuing to work with her as the President has opened up the oppor-tunity for diplomatic relations with Cuba again, but we know that we still have a lot of work to do, and I look for-ward to working side by side with her until we have the kind of relationship and we have the kind of movement in this Congress where we really end the embargo, so that we can come together and make sure that change has hap-pened within our relationships. 
I want to thank President Obama for 
his bold move, for indeed the camera of history is rolling and has brought us to this historic point which will take the United States of America and Cuba in a new and more positive direction after over five decades of severed diplomatic relations. 
American policy towards Cuba since 
1961 has left our Nation out of sync with our neighbors in the Americas— for that matter, out of sync with our friends and allies all over the world. 
Our outdated policy, highlighted by 
our trade embargo, which has lasted for over half a century, has not only been ineffective but has blocked invest-ment and trade opportunities for U.S. businessmen and farmers, it has kept families apart, and has done virtually nothing to change Cuba’s policies. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.054 H07JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H99 January 7, 2015 
In fact, just 90 miles away, if we had 
these trade agreements, if we were able to trade and bring markets and food to the shores of Cuba, it would be the hu-manitarian thing to do because people are starving simply because they don’t have that opportunity on the island of Cuba. 
Clearly, when you think about the 
world which is smaller now—and one of the things that we should have learned by now is that unilateral sanctions don’t work; if anything, they have fur-ther isolated us from the global com-munity. We have got to work collec-tively with others, not just doing something out on our own. It has not worked. It does not work. 
As mentioned, denying American 
citizens the freedom to travel to Cuba to visit its many historic and cultural attractions, to meet its people, has been a stain on our democracy. I think the gentlelady from Florida talked about where we, as Members of Con-gress, have opportunities to go when we have travel. 
I can recall traveling, for example, 
not only to Havana, but Santiago de Cuba, and feeling the rich heritage and culture and looking at the people in Santiago who were poor, but I saw something when I looked in their faces: they were poor, but they were not hopeless. They were not destitute. 
They welcomed us into their homes 
to see how they were living. They had music playing, and they had hope for a better tomorrow and a better relation-ship with the United States of Amer-ica. In fact, they scratched their heads, did not understand why they didn’t have this better relationship with the United States of America, so I say that so that they want us to come. Others are going; we should permit our citi-zens to do the same. 
Now, the question is what is hap-
pening here in America. Well, a Decem-ber 17 through 21 ABC News and Wash-ington Post poll of adults nationwide showed that 64 percent of Americans supported establishing diplomatic rela-tions with Cuba, with 31 percent op-posed; 68 percent supported ending the trade embargo, while 74 percent sup-ported ending restrictions on travel to Cuba. Americans support the Presi-dent’s actions to normalize relations with Cuba. 
The United States International 
Trade Commission has concluded that if U.S. restrictions on financing and travel to Cuba were lifted in 2008, U.S. agricultural exports to Cuba would have increased between $216 million and $478 million, and the U.S. share of Cuba’s agricultural imports would have increased from 38 percent to 49 and 64 percent, which also would prevent some of the hunger that is taking place in Cuba. 
U.S. wheat, rice, soy, and meat pro-
ducers have said that their industries will benefit from normalized relations with Cuba, now that trade financing re-strictions are to be alleviated. Presi-dent Obama’s plan to establish rela-tions and facilitate trade and com-
merce is a major market opportunity. 
It is good for Cubans, but it is also 
good for Americans because when you do that, you are also creating jobs for Americans right here in the United States, so it is a win-win because we are all about creating jobs in the United States. We are all about that commerce. 
We are also all about making sure 
that trade facilitation helps us in America, but it also can help people who have a great need on that island called Cuba. 
President Obama’s actions to open 
the relationship and reestablish diplo-matic relations with Cuba will bring us closer, as B
ARBARA LEEindicated, to 
our allies in the region who have pur-sued more open relationship with Cuba while we have not. 
I serve on the Foreign Affairs Com-
mittee; I sit on the Western Hemi-sphere Subcommittee. I have had the opportunity to have dialogue and con-versations with heads of states from throughout the hemisphere. 
For example, one of our closest al-
lies, Colombia, one of our strongest partners, they are negotiating with the FARC on the island of Cuba; and when I talk to many of their individuals, they said the one thing that they think could help the entire hemisphere is for the United States to change its rela-tionship with Cuba. 
Now, Colombia is one of our strong-
est, one of our most reliable allies, but they, too, have engaged with Cuba and are asking and looking and saying that our engagement with Cuba will change and help the hemisphere. 
Panama has invited President Castro 
to the Summit of the Americas, and the rest of our hemisphere wants this change, and our antiquated policy has been holding us back and hampering our ability to cooperate with countries in the region on a wide range of issues. 
Let me begin to conclude by saying 
this: the President’s historic announce-ment has been universally well re-ceived by the region, which is her-alding it as a major step forward in re-gional integration. 
The Presidents of Brazil, Argentina, 
and—as I said—Colombia and Mexico have praised President Obama’s an-nouncement. The announcement has also been applauded by regional organi-zations, including the Union of South American Nations and the Organiza-tion of American States. 
I conclude by saying that I have vis-
ited Cuba many times. I have worked tirelessly throughout my years in Con-gress to foster an improved relation-ship between United States and Cuba, and I believe the President’s actions are good for both our countries and our hemisphere. 
American businesses will benefit, 
U.S. citizens will be able to travel to Cuba on a more regular basis and send remittances to their relatives by re-opening our Embassy in Havana. We will be a safer place, and finally—fi-nally—the world often looks to the 
United States to be a leader militarily. We should be proud that the world can also look at us as champions of diplo-macy. 
Through our President’s new Cuba 
policy, we have shown our neighbors in the Western Hemisphere—and indeed the rest of the world—that we are com-mitted to building new partnerships and that we will not be beholden to an-tiquated policies and that we are opti-mistic about what is possible through dialogue and diplomacy, and I thank the chairman. 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I want to 
thank the gentleman from New York for his very comprehensive statement and overview, but also for his tremen-dous leadership and key policy initia-tives on the Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere; and as a member of the Foreign Affairs Committee, you are so critical in this overall move-ment for us, so thank you again for being here tonight. 
I want to yield to Congresswoman 
J
ACKSON LEEwho wants to say some-
thing before I yield to Congressman P
OLIS. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Having written a 
letter to join with other colleagues for the release of Alan Gross, I want to make sure the record said Alan Gross and not Alan Grossman. Best to his wife and him at this time. 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, how much 
time do we have remaining? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
A
LLEN ). 24 minutes. 
Ms. LEE. I now yield to someone who 
has been very interested in and a tre-mendous leader on this whole issue of trade and ending the embargo, the gen-tleman from Colorado, Congressman J
ARED POLIS. Thank you again. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
Congresswoman L EEfor her constant 
leadership on this issue. 
When I was born in 1975, the embargo 
with Cuba was already more than a decade old. I never knew a time when Americans could go to Cuba or legally import goods and products from Cuba. 
Growing up, I remember the end of 
the cold war, when the Soviet Union fell. The last real excuse for the treat-ment of Cuba was that they were allied with the Soviet Union during the cold war. 
Well, the Soviet Union fell, Soviet 
subsidies and support for Cuba ended, 
and I really began to wonder why we continued this failed cold war policy of an embargo—travel embargo and trade embargo against Cuba. Presumably, it was designed to bring Fidel Castro’s re-gime down. 
Now, again, this policy predates my 
birth by 10 years. It actually means that he is the longest-serving head of state in the entire world. Obviously, it didn’t work. It didn’t work. Are we going to keep doing the same thing? Maybe a different path would have worked, and that is what the President has now proposed. 
For more than 50 years, we have iso-
lated our southern neighbor, restrict-ing trade, travel, commerce, as well as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.056 H07JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H100 January 7, 2015 
the flow of ideas, discussion, cultural 
exchange, the very things that can lead to a change and more support for human rights within Cuba. 
It really defies logic to expect that 
the status quo that has led to Fidel Castro being the longest regime and head of state in the world will some-how lead to the end of the very regime that it has actually helped to preserve. 
Unfortunately, the sanctions have 
hurt everyday Cubans without mobi-lizing political change or expanding their freedoms. Our policy of isolation was counterproductive, and it only pro-longed the suffering and lack of free-dom of the Cuban people. Our present landscape is particularly promising for restoring the U.S.-Cuba relationship. 
Now, let me be clear. Just as there 
are many countries that we have nor-mal relations with that we continue to make sure we are outspoken about any human rights violations, of course, if there are political dissidents or others that are improperly jailed in Cuba, you will hear Members of this body, includ-ing myself, speaking out, just as we do for the oppression of Tibetans in China, while we continue to support ongoing normalized relationships with China, just as we do in countries where we want stronger labor laws or stronger anti-child labor laws, yet continue to have a basic trade and travel relation-ship. 
Cuba can do better. Frankly, Mr. 
Speaker, America can do better with regard to human rights, and we dis-cussed that in different contexts about expanding civil liberties for all Ameri-cans; but, yes, Cuba should do better. 
Guess what? The way to help show 
and lead Cuba to the promised lands of human rights and democracy is by en-gaging the Cuban people and by engag-ing the regime and showing them the many benefits that dealing with their neighbor to the north can bring. 
Now, let us make sure we are not 
mistaken here; the President’s actions don’t end the embargo. That requires congressional action, as outlined in the Helms-Burton Act of 1996. What Presi-dent Obama did is he exercised his legal right to establish diplomatic rela-tions and expand travel, facilitate re-mittances, and promote commerce. 
Congress does need to act. The Presi-
dent’s step alone is a great step in the right direction, but to fully normalize our relationship with Cuba, Congress will need to act, and I continue to sponsor legislation that will help that occur. 
Of course, we should continue to call 
for transparency with regard to Cuba’s human rights record, to speak out for political dissidents, just as we do in dozens and hundreds of countries that we have normal trade and diplomatic relations with. 
I was proud to sign a letter authored 
by our great leader, B
ARBARA LEE, on 
this issue, encouraging President Obama to use the 2015 summit as a platform for stimulating this type of productive, regional dialogue. Now, decades of adversity between 
the United States and Cuba cannot be wiped away with a stroke of the pen. It will take time. 
b1630 
But together we can build bonds of 
trust between the Cuban people and ourselves, and we can overcome the decades of mistrust and propaganda on both sides to lead to the betterment of the relationship between the Cuban people and the American people and the greater prosperity to both peoples through trade and commerce. 
I strongly support continuing to 
move forward to engage with Cuba and will continue to support the Presi-dent’s actions and similar legislative action here. 
Welcome to our new Cuban friends— 
bienvenidos a nuestros amigos nuevos Cubanos. 
Ms. LEE. Thank you—muchas 
gracias. I thank the gentleman from Colorado for that very succinct and clear statement and for your con-tinuing leadership for a policy that really is in the United States’ best in-terest. So thank you again. 
I now yield to my friend from Cali-
fornia, Congressman S
AMFARR, who 
has really forged a path toward where we are today for many, many years with the administration as it relates to establishing diplomatic relations, someone who has visited Cuba, who has the respect of the Cuban people, but also the respect of our own administra-tion, and someone who continues to plug away each and every day for nor-mal relations with Cuba and ending the embargo. 
Mr. FARR. Thank you very much, 
my dear colleague from California and our distinguished Member of Congress, B
ARBARA LEE. And I can’t think of any 
other Member who has made more trips and taken more people and influenced this change of policy in the United States Congress than B
ARBARA LEE. 
I have had the pleasure of traveling 
to Cuba on six different mission trips and each one of them has been very in-teresting, one with my constituents in Santa Cruz, California, who have a sis-ter city relationship with an area called Guama, and it looks much like the California coastline, and a very in-teresting area of trying to help rural people with a better connection by learning about their rural delivery of medicine, which far exceeds the way we treat rural people in this country, and learning from them how we might be doing a better job, at the same time improving the facilities they have, and things like that, just a cultural ex-change. 
I find that every time I am there, 
whether it is Havana or other parts of Cuba, that there is always kind of a cu-riosity of learning about another coun-try, a very well-educated country, a so-phisticated country, yet a very, very poor country. 
I was a Peace Corps volunteer in 
Latin America, in Colombia. I lived in barrios without water and without 
lights. People in Cuba might have ac-cess to water and lights, but the living conditions that they live in are really restricted, and some of the conditions in Havana are the greatest poverty I have seen in the world. 
So this will change when you get peo-
ple that are well-educated and get an economy growing. I think that the ac-tion of President Obama is absolutely awesome. It is real diplomatic leader-ship. It is the ability to change the United States’ isolated, backward, close-the-door policy to opening it up with all the other Presidents of this hemisphere. 
As we prepare to go to Panama in the 
spring, President Obama now will be joining every President of this hemi-sphere, 36 different countries in the Western Hemisphere, all of whom have diplomatic relationships, travel rela-tionships, normal relationships with Cuba, except the United States of America, and he is going to be ap-plauded for his leadership in joining the hemispheric unity. 
When you think about the opportuni-
ties of this hemisphere, we can get along in this hemisphere in three lan-guages: Spanish, English, and Por-tuguese, a little bit of French. We are not at war with anybody. This is a magnificent hemisphere to unify, and to be isolated from that unification by having this archaic policy towards Cuba is just wrong. 
So, Mr. President, you are a hero, 
and I look forward to you being wel-comed as a hero at the hemispheric summit this spring. 
I would also like to say, I am ranking 
member on the Agriculture Sub-committee of Appropriations, and this is an opportunity for 11 million people living in Cuba and hungry, and really hungry. Cuba has to import almost ev-erything. They have trade importa-tions from the United States, so buying agriculture products isn’t new. What is going to be new is the ability to trade in normal functions, in using the finan-cial instruments that all trade nego-tiants have. 
It is very difficult to export to Cuba 
because of the requirements that we make in the United States. We are not allowed, as Americans, to use credit cards or to get credit. All the other countries can. So what happens is these other countries are taking away market share where we could be in there with our products. 
I am very proud, in agriculture, to 
see the leadership of our States, our agricultural States, the Governors—bi-partisan. This is not Democratic. This is a bipartisan, sort of the American outreach, and we have formed a coali-tion of agricultural groups to work on, really, opening up the trade. 
I am very proud to say that the 
International Dairy—I am going to read off this list. The International Dairy Foods Association, National As-sociation of State Departments of Ag-riculture, National Association of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.057 H07JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H101 January 7, 2015 
Wheat Growers, National Barley Grow-
ers, National Chicken Council, Na-tional Council of Farmer Cooperatives, National Milk Producers Federation, National Turkey Federation, North American Meat Institute, the U.S. Dairy Export Council, the U.S. Wheat Associates, the USA Rice Federation, et cetera, et cetera, are all interested in helping promote our relationship with Cuba. 
So congratulations, President 
Obama. You are a true leader in this hemisphere. 
Thank you, B
ARBARA LEE, for setting 
aside this time for us to discuss it. 
I want to personally thank B ARBARA  
LEEfor inviting Alan Gross to be here 
yesterday when we were sworn in. I was fortunate to be able to meet with Alan Gross when he was incarcerated in Cuba. I brought him salami from the Eastern Market here and he just loved that. So last night he gave me a brace-let that he made when he was incarcer-ated. It is so nice to see him back in the United States in the Halls of the United States Congress. 
America is changing, and this is a big 
step. 
Thank you. Ms. LEE. Let me thank you, Con-
gressman F
ARR, for that really very 
positive, upbeat statement, also for your leadership on so many issues. 
I just want to remind this body that 
Cuba still finds itself on the list of state-sponsored terror countries, and Congressman F
ARR along with other 
Members have really led in trying to get our administration to really under-stand, as William Cohen issued a white paper in 1998 saying that there is no conventional threat by the Cuban mili-tary—that has decreased; there is none—and this should be lifted very quickly. 
So thank you, Congressman F
ARR. 
I now yield to Congressman C OHEN  
from Tennessee, who understands very clearly the importance of lifting the embargo not only for our foreign policy goals, but also in terms of his constitu-ents and in terms of the benefits to American businesses and the efforts in our job creation and economic revital-ization efforts. 
Thank you again for being here with 
us. 
Mr. COHEN. You are very welcome, 
Representative L
EE, and I thank you 
for bringing this Special Order. You have indeed, as people have said, been the leader on this issue for many years, and I appreciate that and so many other issues you have been a leader on, but this in particular. 
Also, Mr. R
ANGEL has been an impor-
tant leader on this issue, as have Mr. M
EEKS and others. 
I had written the President and 
talked to Valerie Jarrett about what I considered the three Cs that he could engage in with executive authority, one of which was Cuba, and I commend him for taking this leadership role; the second of which was commutations, which he has not done nearly enough to commute unjust sentences here in this 
country; and the third is cannabis, which should be rescheduled to a sched-ule III drug so we could do research on medical marijuana and Charlotte’s Web, that can help children with epi-lepsy who otherwise are either dying are not being treated. 
But I commend the President for his 
actions toward Cuba. This is a policy that many have mentioned has been a failed policy for over 50 years. We do have engagements and diplomatic rela-tions with China, where the Maoists are getting more and more power, with Vietnam and with Russia. Why should we not have relations with Cuba? There was no reason. The only reason was Florida and electoral votes. So I com-mend the President for rising above politics and doing the right thing for human beings and for Americans. 
As Representative C
ASTOR said, so 
many Americans want to travel to Cuba; and for many years I thought it was absurd that I couldn’t travel to Cuba, because I wanted to and I couldn’t because my country was stop-ping me from doing it. 
People were going through Canada or 
going through Mexico and other coun-tries and getting in and subverting the law, but that wasn’t right. If you were going to follow the laws of your coun-try, you couldn’t go and you didn’t go. It was wrong. 
I did the have the opportunity to 
visit Cuba as a Member, and I found the Cuban people very, very, very friendly. As I was walking around Ha-vana, I thought: This is so strange. I am supposed to think that these people aren’t going to like me, that this is our enemy. They are on the terrorist list. I should be concerned. 
But I felt as safe as I was anyplace in 
the United States or anyplace in the world, and people were very friendly and very nice. It was no different than being anywhere else in the hemisphere. 
I really like the old cars, the old fif-
ties cars that are all over Havana, and they are kind of part of the culture now. While I like them because I re-member as a child those cars and my parents having them and seeing them and thinking fondly upon them, I also thought about AutoZone in my district and all the parts they could be selling in Havana to make those cars work more efficiently and maybe have less impact on the environment. 
I also thought about Federal Express 
and how many packages that might be shipped in and out of Cuba by Amer-ica’s number one and the world’s num-ber one carrier of products. I thought about the hotel industry that is lo-cated in my community—we used to have Holiday Inn; we have still got Hil-ton—and the hotels that could be built there. Other countries—mostly, I think, Spain and Sweden and Canada and even Israel—had hotels and res-taurants and businesses, but not Amer-ica. So it made no sense. 
I remember Katrina and the great 
tragedy just south of Memphis in New Orleans and when Cuba offered medical 
aid, doctors and medical aid, and we turned it down. How foolish of us to turn down an offer of humanitarian aid, but we did. And they offered aid after 9/11 as well. 
Now, my appreciation for Cuba goes 
back to my childhood. In 1955, I was be-friended by a baseball player whose name was Minnie Minoso. His real name was Aurelio Saturnino Armas Minoso, the Cuban Comet, number 9 with the White Sox, with the Indians, a little bit later with the Cardinals and the Washington Senators. Minnie be-friended me and gave me a baseball when I was just 5 years of age. It was in the segregated Memphis, Tennessee, so the player who gave me the baseball originally was a White player named Tom Poholsky. I guess I didn’t have to say he was White when his name was Tom Poholsky, but he was. 
I went to thank him. I had crutches 
at the time. I had just gotten out of the hospital some months earlier from polio and had a White Sox T-shirt and cap—it was an exhibition game—and thanked him. He said: You don’t need to thank me. You should thank number 9 over there, the darkest player on the field. 
And so Minoso came over and we 
thanked him. 
What it was is he was kind of inhib-
ited from the segregation laws in the South of being the nicest guy on the baseball field and coming up and giving me a ball. He became my buddy. I have known Minnie Minoso ever since. He is my nom de plume on some email sites and some phone books and some other things where I need kind of an alias, and he has been my friend and we have visited back and forth. 
He was a Cuban player who was be-
loved in Chicago, and I think is the most beloved player in Chicago today. A lot of Cuban players have gone to play in Chicago, and they play great baseball. We could have a great base-ball relationship with Cuba, a great tourism relationship, a great cultural relationship and medical care. 
In traveling to Latin America as a 
Congressman, I have been told the big-gest impediment to our relations with Latin American countries is our treat-ment of Cuba. The President, by start-ing to formalize relations with Cuba, has helped America in Latin America, which is our number one—South Amer-ica, Central America—our number one trading partner. It makes a lot of sense economically as well as humanely. 
I look forward to the time when all 
Americans can visit Cuba, the great culture, and exchange good wishes. They are our friends. 
Thank you, Representative L
EE, for 
having this session on this program which shows President Obama’s leader-ship. 
Ms. LEE. I want to thank the gen-
tleman from Tennessee for being with us this evening and really laying out many of the benefits to your constitu-ents, to America, as they relate to end-ing the embargo against Cuba, but also 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.058 H07JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H102 January 7, 2015 
just for being here and kind of sharing 
your stories, because I think it is very important that we hear the stories of Americans who have had relationships with Cuban people who really don’t and can’t figure out why everyone can’t have these normal relations with the people of Cuba as we do with people around the world. So thank you again very much. 
I now yield to the gentlewoman from 
Connecticut, Congresswoman D
ELAURO , who has visited Cuba several 
times, who really has been very focused on the business aspects, the agricul-tural benefits to our own country and to Cuba as they relate to ending the embargo, also on women’s issues and so many issues that really require us to normalize relations with Cuba. She has been in this fight a long time and still continues each and every day to move us forward. 
I really thank you again for your 
leadership, for being here and for being with some of us when we have been in Cuba and really raising these issues to a level that really, I think the Cuban people understand that Americans are spirited and they really want to be there and to help move Cuba forward as well as our own country forward. So thank you again. 
b1645 
Ms. D
ELAURO. I want to thank the 
gentlewoman, first and foremost, for her leadership. This is not an issue for the faint of heart or for people who want to say, ‘‘Oh, my gosh. If we don’t see success immediately, then we will wash our hands and go off and do some other thing.’’ This has required tenac-ity and courage and passion and deep concern. We are grateful to you for your leadership in this area, and it has been a pleasure for me to work with you. 
Mr. Speaker, like my colleagues, we 
are no fans of the Castro regime. This is not about the regime. It is about the Cuban people and what we can do to help our near neighbors realize their aspirations for freedom and prosperity. Judged against that worthy goal, our policy for the last 54 years has been a dismal failure. It has not helped ordi-nary Cubans one bit. In fact, the sanc-tions have harmed them and us by holding back Cuba’s democratic and economic development. 
Back in 2007, I had the opportunity to 
chair the Agriculture Appropriations Subcommittee. At that time, I led a bi-partisan group of Members on a trip to Cuba. On that trip, it was so inter-esting to me that one of the things that one or two of my colleagues—and, again, in a bipartisan way—wanted to do was to go to the port and see the off-loading of rice. The fact of the matter is that, instead of getting their rice from the United States, which Cuba could do, they are getting their rice from Malaysia. Imagine if we could make an economic difference for our rice farmers, for our agricultural com-munity, and because of a policy that has been so shortsighted, we are put-
ting our own economic interests aside. 
I had the honor of taking part in an-
other delegation to the island last year, led by our colleague B
ARBARA  
LEE. What we saw on the visit was an 
immense and an untapped potential. It was at that time as well that I accom-panied Congresswoman L
EEto visit 
with Alan Gross and to understand his plight. He was arrested and put in pris-on for 15 years, having served 5 years. What destruction it was doing to him physically and mentally, and unneces-sarily so. We were so excited yesterday, when we were sworn in as newly elect-ed or just elected Members of Congress, that Alan Gross and his wife, Judy, were in the audience to see it—back home, here, in the United States, with family, and enjoying all of the freedom that he deserves. Again, the immense benefits, the untapped potential. 
We also saw and met—and my col-
league B
ARBARA LEEwill bear this 
out—with entrepreneurs. There are many young women who have opened stores; they have opened restaurants; they have opened other small busi-nesses. We spoke with people who are finding innovative ways to improve their lives and the lives of their fami-lies; yet, because of a lack of a finan-cial infrastructure or the ability of U.S. banks to participate in Cuba, they are held to a modicum of what they can do. 
There is palpable hunger for change 
in Cuba. We need to do our best to sup-port it. Opening the economy will help to unleash the entrepreneurial spirit of the Cuban people. We have engaged with the Soviet Union and Communist China, both of which pose potentially severe threats to our country. Cuba poses no such threat. 
I applaud the President for his his-
toric first step to normalize relations between the United States and Cuba. We must stop persevering in a senseless cold war policy. This Congress must act to end this embargo. 
I thank the gentlewoman for the 
time. 
Mr. Speaker, like my colleagues, I am no 
fan of the Castro regime. But this is not about the regime. It is about the Cuban people, and 
what we can do to help our near neighbors re-alize their aspirations for freedom and pros-perity. 
Judged against that worthy goal, our policy 
of the last fifty-four years has been a dismal failure. It has not helped ordinary Cubans one bit. In fact, the sanctions have harmed them— and us—by holding back Cuba’s democratic and economic development. 
Back in 2007, when I chaired the Agriculture 
appropriations subcommittee, I led a bipartisan group of members on a trip to Cuba. This year, I took part in another delegation to the island. What we saw on both visits was im-mense untapped potential. 
I met entrepreneurs who have opened 
stores, restaurants, and other small busi-nesses. I spoke with people finding innovative ways to improve their lives and the lives of their families. 
There is a palpable hunger for change in 
Cuba. We should do our best to support it. Opening the economy will help unleash the 
entrepreneurial spirit of the Cuban people. 
We engaged with the Soviet Union and 
Communist China, both of which posed poten-tially severe threats to our country. Cuba poses no such threat. Stonewalling the Cuban government only backs up the regime’s claim that the United States is the enemy. By con-trast, engaging diplomatically gives us the openings we need to address important issues like democracy and human rights, as we have done with China and many other countries. 
So I applaud the President for his historic 
first step to normalize relations between the United States and Cuba. This new direction will benefit both nations. The President has done a great deal, within the confines of his available powers, to reestablish diplomatic re-lations, increase commerce, and advance shared humanitarian interests. 
There is more he can do: for example, he 
should do away with a Bush Administration policy that drains Cuban talent by encouraging doctors to defect. 
But lifting the embargo itself will require 
Congress to act. I have been arguing for an end to sanctions for many years. The Cuban people have suffered needlessly for too long. We ought to free them to join the international community and participate in the global econ-omy. For our own businesses, lifting the em-bargo would ensure access to new markets just 90 miles from our shores. 
I am in favor of re-establishing formal diplo-
matic relations with Cuba. But our best am-bassadors would be the American people themselves. Every American should have the right to travel freely to Cuba. The resulting flood of contact would give Cubans access to America’s most valuable export: our nation’s ideals and values. That is the surest path to freedom for the Cuban people. 
We must stop persevering this senseless 
Cold War policy. Congress must act to end this embargo. 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back 
the balance of my time. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I move that 
the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 4 o’clock and 50 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, January 8, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
4. A letter from the Assistant Attorney 
General, Office of Legislative Affairs, De-partment of Justice, transmitting the Uni-formed and Overseas Citizens Absentee Vot-ing Act Annual Report for 2014, pursuant to 52 U.S.C. 20301 to 20311; to the Committee on House Administration. 
5. A letter from the Chief, Publications and 
Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Serv-ice, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Changes to Employee Plans Determina-tion Letter Processing (Announcement 2015- 1) received January 5, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07JA7.059 H07JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H103 January 7, 2015 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
[Filed pursuant to clause 1(d), Rule XI] 
[Omitted from the Record of January 2, 2015] 
Mr. ISSA: Committee on Oversight and 
Government Reform. Activities of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, One Hundred Thirteenth Congress (Rept. 113–734). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
[Submitted on January 7, 2015] 
Mr. BURGESS: Committee on Rules. H. 
Res. 19. A resolution providing for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 3) to approve the Key-stone XL Pipeline, and providing for consid-eration of the bill (H.R. 30) to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the 30- hour threshold for classification as a full- time employee for purposes of the employer mandate in the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act and replace it with 40 hours (Rept. 114–1). Referred to the House Calendar. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. POE of Texas (for himself and 
Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New 
York): 
H.R. 181. A bill to provide justice for the 
victims of trafficking; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. CALVERT (for himself, Mr. 
T
AKANO , Mr. H UNTER , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. 
COOK, and Mr. P ETERS ): 
H.R. 182. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to permit the centralized reporting of veteran enrollment by certain groups, districts, and consortiums of edu-cational institutions; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. HUDSON: 
H.R. 183. A bill to provide for the periodic 
review of the efficiency and public need for Federal agencies, to establish a commission for the purpose of reviewing the efficiency and public need of such agencies, and to pro-vide for the abolishment of agencies for which a public need does not exist; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. HUDSON (for himself and Mr. 
B
UTTERFIELD ): 
H.R. 184. A bill to provide for the recogni-
tion of the Lumbee Tribe of North Carolina, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. GOODLATTE (for himself, Mr. 
P
ETERSON , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. 
MARINO , Mr. S ESSIONS , and Mr. 
FRANKS of Arizona): 
H.R. 185. A bill to reform the process by 
which Federal agencies analyze and formu-late new regulations and guidance docu-ments; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. HUDSON: 
H.R. 186. A bill to repeal the Federal estate 
and gift taxes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. COOPER (for himself, Mr. 
R
IBBLE , Mr. B ERA, Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. 
HIMES, Mr. C OOK, Mr. L IPINSKI , Ms. 
BROWNLEY of California, Mr. P ETERS , 
Mr. P ERRY , Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. 
LANCE , and Ms. S INEMA ): 
H.R. 187. A bill to provide that Members of 
Congress may not receive pay after October 1 of any fiscal year in which Congress has 
not approved a concurrent resolution on the budget and passed the regular appropriations bills; to the Committee on House Adminis-tration. 
By Mr. HARPER (for himself and Mr. 
B
ILIRAKIS ): 
H.R. 188. A bill to phase out special wage 
certificates under the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 under which individuals with dis-abilities may be employed at subminimum wage rates; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 189. A bill to extend foreclosure and 
eviction protections for servicemembers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 190. A bill to make foreclosure and 
eviction protections for servicemembers per-manent, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. ADERHOLT (for himself, Mr. 
B
ARLETTA , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. 
CULBERSON , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. 
DUNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. 
CRAWFORD , Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, 
and Mr. B YRNE ): 
H.R. 191. A bill to repeal executive immi-
gration overreach, to clarify that the proper constitutional authority for immigration policy belongs to the legislative branch, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Homeland Security, Foreign Affairs, En-ergy and Commerce, Ways and Means, and Oversight and Government Reform, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. BILIRAKIS: 
H.R. 192. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to deny the refundable por-tion of the child tax credit to individuals who are not authorized to be employed in the United States and to terminate the use of certifying acceptance agents to facilitate the application process for ITINs; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
By Ms. FUDGE (for herself, Mr. H
INO-
JOSA, Mr. F ATTAH , and Mr. H ONDA ): 
H.R. 193. A bill to amend the Elementary 
and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to pro-vide for State accountability in the provi-sion of access to the core resources for learn-ing, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. HARPER (for himself and Mr. 
T
HOMPSON of Mississippi): 
H.R. 194. A bill to award posthumously a 
Congressional Gold Medal to Medgar Wiley Evers, in recognition of his contributions and ultimate sacrifice in the fight for racial equality in the United States; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. HARPER: 
H.R. 195. A bill to terminate the Election 
Assistance Commission; to the Committee on House Administration. 
By Ms. MATSUI (for herself, Ms. 
E
SHOO , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. H ONDA , 
Ms. G ABBARD , Ms. T SONGAS , and Mr. 
TAKANO ): 
H.R. 196. A bill to direct the Federal Com-
munications Commission to promulgate reg-ulations that prohibit certain preferential treatment or prioritization of Internet traf-fic; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 
By Mr. NADLER (for himself, Ms. R
OS- 
LEHTINEN , Ms. P ELOSI , Mr. H OYER , 
Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. B ECERRA , Mr. 
CROWLEY , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. P OLIS, 
Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. S EAN PATRICK  
MALONEY of New York, Mr. P OCAN , 
Ms. S INEMA , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. B LU-MENAUER , Ms. B ONAMICI , Ms. 
BROWNLEY of California, Mrs. C APPS , 
Mr. C APUANO , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. 
CARTWRIGHT , Ms. C HUof California, 
Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. 
CLARKE of New York, Mr. C ONNOLLY , 
Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mrs. 
DAVIS of California, Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. 
DEGETTE , Ms. D ELBENE, Ms. 
DELAURO , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. D OGGETT , 
Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. E LLISON , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. 
FARR, Mr. F OSTER , Ms. F RANKEL of 
Florida, Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. G ALLEGO , 
Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  
GRISHAM of New Mexico, Ms. H AHN, 
Mr. H ANNA , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H IG-
GINS, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. 
ISRAEL , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. K ILDEE , 
Mr. K ILMER , Ms. K USTER , Mr. L AN-
GEVIN , Ms. L EE, Mr. L EWIS, Mr. 
LOEBSACK , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. L YNCH , 
Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New 
York, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Ms. M ENG, Ms. 
MOORE , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Ms. 
NORTON , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. P ERL-
MUTTER , Mr. P ETERS , Ms. P INGREE , 
Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. R OY-
BAL-ALLARD , Mr. S ARBANES , Ms. 
SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. S CHRA -
DER, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. 
SERRANO , Mr. S HERMAN , Ms. S LAUGH -
TER, Mr. S MITH of Washington, Ms. 
SPEIER , Mr. S WALWELL of California, 
Ms. T ITUS, Mr. T ONKO , Ms. T SONGAS , 
Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. 
VEASEY , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. 
WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. W ELCH , Ms. 
WILSON of Florida, Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. 
COHEN , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. J OHNSON of 
Georgia, Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. T HOMPSON  
of California, Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ  
of California, Ms. E STY, and Mr. C OO-
PER): 
H.R. 197. A bill to repeal the Defense of 
Marriage Act and ensure respect for State regulation of marriage; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. SIRES: 
H.R. 198. A bill to amend titles 23 and 49, 
United States Code, to establish national policies and programs to strengthen freight- related infrastructure, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. SIRES: 
H.R. 199. A bill to authorize the Secretary 
of Transportation to establish a pedestrian and bicycle infrastructure credit assistance pilot program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
By Mr. SIRES: 
H.R. 200. A bill to amend titles 23 and 49, 
United States Code, with respect to conges-tion mitigation and metropolitan transpor-tation planning, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
By Mr. SIRES: 
H.R. 201. A bill to authorize the Secretary 
of Housing and Urban Development to estab-lish a program enabling communities to bet-ter leverage resources to address health, eco-nomic development, and conservation con-cerns through needed investments in parks, recreational areas, facilities, and programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committees on Education and the Work-force, and Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JA7.010 H07JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H104 January 7, 2015 
By Mr. TURNER: 
H.R. 202. A bill to amend the Dayton Avia-
tion Heritage Preservation Act of 1992 to re-name a site of the park; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. WALZ (for himself, Mr. M
ILLER  
of Florida, Ms. D UCKWORTH , Ms. 
ESTY, Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. S MITH of 
New Jersey, Mr. M URPHY of Pennsyl-
vania, Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. R USH, Mr. 
O’ROURKE , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Geor-
gia, and Mrs. K IRKPATRICK ): 
H.R. 203. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to provide for the conduct of annual evaluations of mental health care and suicide prevention programs of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, to require a pilot program on loan repayment for psychi-atrists who agree to serve in the Veterans Health Administration of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas (for 
himself, Mr. B
ECERRA , and Mr. C OLE): 
H.J. Res. 10. A joint resolution providing 
for the reappointment of David M. Rubenstein as a citizen regent of the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution; to the Committee on House Administration. 
By Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
of New Mexico: 
H. Res. 18. A resolution expressing support 
for designation of January 7, 2015, as ‘‘Na-tional Be Active at Work Day’’; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
By Ms. FOXX: 
H. Res. 20. A resolution authorizing the 
Speaker to administer the oath of office; considered and agreed to. considered and agreed to. 
By Mr. RICE of South Carolina (for 
himself, Mr. W
EBER of Texas, and Mr. 
LANCE ): 
H. Res. 21. A resolution directing the House 
of Representatives to bring a civil action for declaratory or injunctive relief to challenge certain policies and actions taken by the ex-ecutive branch relating to immigration; to the Committee on Rules, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. RICE of South Carolina: 
H. Res. 22. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House that a Contract with America should restore American competi-tiveness; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary, Natural Resources, and En-ergy and Commerce, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. POE of Texas: 
H.R. 181. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. CALVERT: 
H.R. 182. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority of Congress 
to enact this legislation is Section 8 of Arti-cle I of the Constitution, specifically Clauses 1 (relating to providing for the general wel-fare of the United States) and 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress) of such section. 
OR The constitutional authority of Congress 
to enact this legislation is Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 and Clause 18. 
By Mr. HUDSON: 
H.R. 183. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Caluse 18 of the United 
States Consititution. To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States or in any Department of Officer thereof. 
By Mr. HUDSON: 
H.R. 184. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 Section 8 Clause 3 states: ‘‘To 
regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes . . . To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
By Mr. GOODLATTE: 
H.R. 185. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 1, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution, in that the legislation concerns the exercise of legislative powers generally granted to Congress by that sec-tion, including the exercise of those powers when delegated by Congress to the Execu-tive; Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 to 17, and Section 9, Clauses 1 to 2, 4, and 7 of the United States Constitution, in that the legis-lation concerns the exercise of specific legis-lative powers granted to Congress by those sections, including the exercise of those pow-ers when delegated by Congress to the Exec-utive; Article I, Section 8, clause 18 of the United States Constitution, in that the legis-lation exercises legislative power granted to Congress by that clause ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof;’’ and Article III, Section 1, Clause 1, Sentence 1, Section 2, Clause 1, and Section 2, Clause 2, Sentence 2, of the Constitution, in that the legislation defines or affects judicial powers and cases that are subject to legislation by Congess. 
By Mr. HUDSON: 
H.R. 186. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Enumerated Powers of Congress. Aritice I., 
Section 8. The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes. 
By Mr. COOPER: 
H.R. 187. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 6 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. HARPER: 
H.R. 188. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
clause 3 of section 8 of article I of the Con-
stitution 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 189. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 190. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. ADERHOLT: 
H.R. 191. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, section 8, clause 4 of the Con-
stitution provides that Congress shall have power to ‘‘establish an uniform Rule of Natu-ralization.’’ The Supreme Court has long found that this provision of the Constitution grants Congress plenary power over immi-gration policy. As the Court found in Galvan v. Press, 347 U.S. 522, 531 (1954) ‘‘that the for-mulation of policies [pertaining to the entry of aliens and the right to remain here] is en-trusted to Congress has become about as firmly imbedded in the legislative and judi-cial tissues of our body politic as any aspect of our government.’’ 
By Mr. BILIRAKIS: 
H.R. 192. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority on which this 
bill rests is the power of Congress to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises as enumerated in Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. 
By Ms. FUDGE: 
H.R. 193. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, §8, clause 3, the Commerce 
clause. 
By Mr. HARPER: 
H.R. 194. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
clause 3 of section 8 of article I of the Con-
stitution 
By Mr. HARPER: 
H.R. 195. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 4 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion granting Congress the authority to make laws governing the time, place, and manner of holding Federal elections 
By Ms. MATSUI: 
H.R. 196. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. NADLER: 
H.R. 197. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the 
Constitution, and section 5 of Amendment XIV to the Constitution. 
By Mr. SIRES: 
H.R. 198. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Pursuant to clause 3(d)(1) of rule XIII of 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the Committee finds the authority for this legislation in article 1, section 8 of the Con-stitution. 
By Mr. SIRES: 
H.R. 199. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Pursuant to clause 3(d)(1) of rule XIII of 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the Committee finds the authority for this legislation in article 1, section 8 of the Con-stitution. 
By Mr. SIRES: 
H.R. 200. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L07JA7.100 H07JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H105 January 7, 2015 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Pursuant to clause 3(d)(1) of rule XIII of 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the Committee finds the authority for this legislation in article 1, section 8 of the Con-stitution. 
By Mr. SIRES: 
H.R. 201. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following. 
Pursuant to clause 3(d)(1) of rule XIII of 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the Committee finds the authority for this legislation in article 1, section 8 of the Con-stitution. 
By Mr. TURNER: 
H.R. 202. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18; and 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 of the Con-stitution of the United States. 
By Mr. WALZ: 
H.R. 203. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-
stitution of the United States. 
The Congress shall have Power to make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for 
carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by the Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: 
H.J. Res. 10. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 17, giving Con-
gress exclusive jurisdiction over the District of Columbia. That clause was cited as the au-thority for the government’s ability to ac-cept the original Smithson donation and the creation of the Smithsonian Institution via the Act of August 10, 1846. 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18, the Nec-
essary and Proper clause, which provides the power to enact legislation necessary to effec-tuate one of the earlier enumerated powers, such as the authority granted in Clause 17 above. 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 25: Mr. I SSA. 
H.R. 27: Mr. P EARCE , Mr. I SSA, Mr. H ILL, 
Mr. M CHENRY , Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. P ITTS, Mr. 
BABIN, Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. L UCAS , Mr. F LEM-
ING, Mr. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. R OUZER , Mr. 
BENISHEK , and Mr. L ATTA . 
H.R. 30: Mr. B OST, Mr. D ENT, Mr. B ABIN, 
Mr. C ULBERSON , and Mr. S ALMON . 
H.R. 34: Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER . 
H.R. 37: Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan, Mr. 
HURT of Virginia, Mr. S TIVERS , and Mr. 
GUINTA . 
H.R. 90: Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , 
Ms. B ORDALLO , and Ms. J ACKSON LEE. 
H.R. 140: Mr. G OSAR . 
H.R. 154: Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. C OOPER , Mr. 
O’ROURKE , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. L AR-
SENof Washington, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. T ONKO , 
Mr. S ARBANES , and Mr. V ANHOLLEN . H.R. 156: Mr. C ONAWAY . 
H.R. 160: Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. G ROTHMAN , 
Mr. W ALKER , Mr. H IGGINS , and Mr. T ONKO . 
H.R. 167: Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. 
LABRADOR , and Mr. D EFAZIO. 
H.R. 173: Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. I SSA, Mr. S EN-
SENBRENNER , Mr. R IBBLE , Mrs. H ARTZLER , 
Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. M CKIN-
LEY, Mr. C OLE, Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, and 
Mr. B UCSHON . 
H.J. Res. 1: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. 
CHAFFETZ , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. I SSA, Mr. B UCSHON , 
Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. P ITTS, and Mr. 
WITTMAN . 
H.J. Res. 2: Mr. C HAFFETZ , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. 
ISSA, Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, 
Mr. P ITTS, and Mr. W ITTMAN . 
H. Res. 11: Mr. B RIDENSTINE and Mr. B RAT. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-
ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS 
Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or 
statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BYMR. PRICE 
The provisions that warranted a referral to 
the Committee on the Budget in H.R. 30, the Save American Workers Act of 2015, do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as de-fined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:07 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JA7.017 H07JAPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S27 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 7, 2015 No. 2 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Eternal God, ultimate judge of us all, 
provide for the needs of our lawmakers from Your boundless resources. Lead them along paths that will bring glory and honor to Your Name as You sur-round them with the shield of Your di-vine favor. Lord, intervene in their lives to keep them from becoming weary in choosing the harder right and lead them in the way everlasting. Keep our Senators from presuming that You are automatically on their side. In-stead, let them earnestly seek to be on Your side. Enable them to find unity with each other because of their con-nection with You. 
We pray in Your merciful Name. 
Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The 
majority leader is recognized. 
f 
MEASURE PLACED ON THE 
CALENDAR—S. 1 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
understand there is a bill at the desk which is due for a second reading. 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The 
clerk will read the bill by title for the second time. The assistant legislative clerk read 
as follows: 
A bill (S. 1) to approve the Keystone XL 
Pipeline. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, in 
order to place the bill on the calendar under the provisions of rule XIV, I ob-ject to further proceedings. 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objec-
tion having been heard, the bill will be placed on the calendar. 
f 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the time between 2:15 p.m. and 3:15 p.m. be con-trolled by Senator H
OEVEN and the 
time from 3:15 p.m. to 4:15 p.m. be con-trolled by the Democratic leader or his designee. 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. With-
out objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
SCHEDULE 
Mr. M CCONNELL. This morning the 
Senate will be in a period of morning business while we continue to organize for the new Congress. We will need to pass a resolution making committee appointments later today so they can begin their work on the Keystone Pipe-line bill and other important priorities. 
As we announced last month, the bi-
partisan keystone energy bill will be on the floor and it will be open for amendment next week. The House is also sending over a reauthorization of the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program today, and we will need to take action on that quickly as well. 
f 
OPENING THE 114TH SENATE 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Yesterday we in-
augurated the 114th Senate of the Con-gress. We welcomed back many dedi-cated Members and swore in many new ones. I have high hopes for our new col-leagues. They share the resolve of my conference to restore the Senate to a 
place of high purpose, and they are de-termined to make a positive difference in the lives of the people who sent them. 
The men and women we have just 
sworn in have inaugurated one signifi-cant change already; that is, the ma-jority we seated yesterday. I look to this new beginning with optimism and a profound sense of purpose, and I look to my colleagues with gratitude for their trust. Next to serving the people of Kentucky, this is the highest of hon-ors. I recognize the serious expecta-tions of the American people and I know they are counting on us—and I do mean all of us—every single Member of this body. 
We are in a moment of great anxiety 
as a nation. The people we represent have lost faith in their government. They no longer trust Washington to do the right thing. Many face the reality of losing health plans after being told otherwise. Many struggle with rising medical costs after Washington offi-cials repeatedly said they would be lowered. Confidence in the American dream has plunged. Anxiety about the type of country we leave to the next generation is widespread. For many it has never seemed more difficult just to get by. 
When Americans look overseas they 
see a world filled with chaos: insta-bility roiling the Middle East, terror-ists pressing an aggressive agenda, and autocrats scoffing at a superpower that doesn’t seem to have a real plan. 
At home they see a government that 
is either uninterested in or incapable of addressing their concerns, a govern-ment that seems to be working for itself instead of them. Whether it is Washington’s dysfunction or a bureauc-racy that has grown so Byzantine and unaccountable, it tried to muzzle polit-ical opponents and ignore the needs of veterans. 
The American people have simply 
had enough, and this past November 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:26 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JA6.000 S07JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S28 January 7, 2015 
they had their say. The message they 
sent was clear. If voters hit the brakes 4 years ago, this time they have spun the wheel. They said they want the ad-ministration to change course and move to the middle. They said they want Congress to send legislation to the President that addresses their con-cerns. This November the American people didn’t ask for a government that tries to do everything and fails, and they didn’t demand a government that aims to do nothing and succeeds. They asked simply for a government that works. 
They want a government of the 21st 
century, one that functions with effi-ciency and accountability, competence and purpose. They want a Washington that is more interested in modernizing and streamlining government than adding more layers to it, and they want more jobs, more opportunity for the middle class, and more flexibility in a complex age with complex de-mands. 
That is why we plan to pursue com-
monsense jobs ideas, including those with bipartisan support: measures such as reforming a broken tax system to make it simpler and friendlier to job creation, opening more markets to American-made products so we can cre-ate more jobs at home, and moving for-ward with bipartisan infrastructure projects such as the Keystone XL Pipe-line. 
Americans are challenging this Con-
gress and this President to work for them. They are challenging lawmakers in Washington to work for jobs for Americans, not just jobs for them-selves. It seems simple enough. But in the end, in the era of divided govern-ment control, we are going to have to work hard to meet expectations and we are going to have to work together. 
Step No. 1 is getting Congress func-
tioning again. That means fixing the Senate. Last session the House sent over countless commonsense bipartisan bills. Too many of them died right here without so much as a hearing, and Sen-ators from both parties with ideas for jobs and growth were routinely stopped. 
So it is time to change the business 
model. We need to return to regular order. We need to get committees working again. We need to recommit to a rational, functioning appropriations process. We need to open the legisla-tive process in a way that allows more amendments from both sides. 
Sometimes it is going to mean actu-
ally working late, but restoring the Senate is the right and practical thing to do because we are only going to pass meaningful legislation if Members of both parties are given a stake in the outcome. That is the genius of regular order. That is the genius of the Senate. 
I am reminded of this every time I 
walk into my office. On the wall are portraits of John Sherman Cooper, a Republican, and Alben Barkley, a Dem-ocrat. Keeping watch from below is a bust of Henry Clay. Each of these Sen-ators—each of these Kentuckians— 
came from a different political party. Each viewed the world through a dif-ferent ideological lens, but all of them believed in the Senate and all of them left behind important lessons for today: Clay, about putting country first and pursuing principled com-promises; Cooper, about choosing when to make a stand and making it; and Barkley, about having the courage to think differently from a President of the same political party he had served dutifully for years. 
These lessons echo into the present 
and they help point the way toward a better functioning government. A Sen-ate and a Congress that function again will help move us past an era of gov-ernment by crisis. It doesn’t mean ev-erything will be perfect, it doesn’t mean we will never come up against a deadline, and it doesn’t mean we will always agree, but together we can com-mit to changing the way Washington operates. This can be done. It can be done. 
This Senate has seemed imperfect at 
moments, but it has been proven to be a place of high purpose at many other times, a place where our country has come together to confront great chal-lenges and advance solutions that once seemed completely out of reach. That is the Senate I saw when I saw Senator Cooper whip votes for the Civil Rights Act many believed would never pass, that is the Senate I saw when Presi-dent Reagan worked with Democratic leaders to pass major reforms to taxes and Social Security, and that is the Senate I saw when a Republican Con-gress worked with President Clinton to pass historic welfare reform. 
The promise of the Senate is real. 
Time and time again it has been an en-gine for bipartisan achievement to which both parties can assume either credit or blame, and that is how we should view it today. 
So, yes, the American people elected 
divided government, but that doesn’t mean they don’t want us to accomplish anything. If there is a will to do so, we can come together to achieve great things. If President Obama is inter-ested in a historic achievement of his own, this can be his time as well. 
The President has already indicated 
a willingness to work with us on trade and infrastructure and comprehensive tax reform. These efforts are going to require a lot of work. Navigating the political pitfalls will not be easy, but passing these types of measures will represent a win for the American peo-ple—wins we could all be proud of. The truth is we could work for bigger things too. We could work together to save and strengthen Medicare, to pro-tect Social Security for future genera-tions, to balance the budget and put our growing national debt on a path to elimination. But bipartisan reform can only be achieved if President Obama is interested in it. The President is the only one who can bring his party on board. He is the only one, obviously, who can sign something that Congress 
sends him. I assure you, threatening to veto a jobs and infrastructure bill within minutes of a new Congress tak-ing the oath of office—a bill with strong bipartisan support—is anything but productive. 
I appreciate that bipartisan com-
promise may not come easily for the President—not his first inclination. The President’s supporters are pressing for militancy, not compromise. They are demanding the comforts of purity over the duties of progress. 
From DC to Montpelier, they see the 
limits of an exhausted 20th century mindset asserting itself, even when nearly every lever of power has been in hand. Across the Atlantic, they see the Sun setting on the social democratic idea. They see the tragic legacies of welfare states—empty promises and fear of the future. It is understandable why the President’s supporters might want to retreat to past comforts, but now is the time to accept reality. Now is the time to actually move forward. 
Americans know that democracy is 
not about what you can get away with, it is about what you can achieve to-gether. Many in this body, on both sides of the aisle, understand that. I have talked to many colleagues on the other side of the aisle who understand this fully. 
We are calling on the President to ig-
nore the voices of reaction and to join us. Whatever he decides, though, this Congress is going to function again. Let’s pass legislation that focuses on jobs and the real concerns of the mid-dle class. 
After so many years of sluggish 
growth, we are finally starting to see some economic data that can provide a glimmer of hope. The uptick appears to coincide with the biggest political change of the Obama administration’s long tenure in Washington—the expec-tation of a new Republican Congress. This is precisely the time to advance a positive, progrowth agenda. 
Some of the measures the new Con-
gress will pass may seem significant; others may seem modest. That is OK. As we have seen in recent years, a big-ger bill does not always mean a better bill. 
While we are always going to search 
for areas where we can agree, the President may not be enamored of every bill we pass, and that is OK too. It is not our job to protect the Presi-dent from good ideas. A little creative tension between the Executive and the legislature can be pretty healthy in a democracy such as ours. Presidents and Congresses have disagreed before. They have confronted challenges that eclipse the ones we see today. What is impor-tant to remember is that the Senate has always endured—always. We have a duty to restore it now so we can meet the mandate of the people who sent us here. 
Former majority leader Howard 
Baker once noted that making the Sen-ate work is like ‘‘trying to make 99 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:26 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JA6.002 S07JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S29 January 7, 2015 
independent souls act in concert under 
rules that encourage polite anarchy.’’ Yet he also reminded us that ‘‘it doesn’t take Clays and Websters and Calhouns to make the Senate work.’’ It simply takes men and women of honor working in a spirit of good faith. 
It may be difficult, but it has been 
done before and it can be done again, and if we are going to get there, it helps to recall in whose footsteps we walk today. This is the same Chamber where Dirksen and Mansfield allied for historic progress. This is where Byrd drew from antiquity to rouse col-leagues to present challenges and where in later years he would critique successors on the finer points of proce-dure. This is where Mitchell honed the skills he needed to help bring warring communities together, enemies who re-sponded to critics not just with floor speeches or press conferences but actu-ally live ammunition. This is where Dole shared war stories with Inouye, and with a fateful tap on the shoulder, he would partner with Moynihan in their effort to reform Social Security. 
The names of many Senators who 
came before us are etched into the desks we sit at today. The men and women who precede us include future Presidents and Vice Presidents. They include former athletes, veterans, and astronauts. We have forgotten some, we remember others, but their legacies live on. 
Here is how Senator Claude Pepper 
put it: 
The Senate is inefficient, unwieldy [and] 
inconsistent; it has foibles, its vanities, its members who are great . . . and those who think they are great. But like democracy . . . it is strong . . . it has survived many changes, it has saved the country [from] many catastrophes, [and] it is a safeguard against any form of tyranny. 
In the last analysis, Pepper noted, 
the Senate ‘‘is probably the price we in America have to pay for liberty.’’ For everything Senator Pepper and I may not have agreed on, we certainly agreed on that. 
In the same way, each of us here may 
not agree on every issue. We may be Republican, we may be Democrat, but we are all Americans. We each have a responsibility to make the Senate function, and we each have a duty to work for the people who sent us here in serious times to get serious results. 
Let’s restore the Senate we love. 
Let’s look for areas of agreement when we can. Above all, let’s make Wash-ington work again for the people we serve. 
I yield the floor. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE ACTING 
MINORITY LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
BOOZMAN ). The Senator from Illinois is 
recognized. 
f 
PRESERVING THE SENATE 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, before I 
read a statement into the R ECORD  which was written by the minority 
leader, Senator R EID, I have to say that 
the Senators who serve on the Demo-cratic side of the aisle are committed to the traditions, precedents, and the rules of the Senate. We, of course, will work to preserve this great institution and protect our own individual rights and responsibilities in the Senate. 
I welcome what Senator M
CCONNELL , 
our new majority leader, has envi-sioned as a more active floor in the Senate where we do not run into lengthy and repeated filibusters but bring amendments to the floor, debate them, vote on them, and ultimately pass legislation. That is the procedure of the Senate which historically had been honored but fell, sadly, into dis-repair over the last several years. 
Although we hope our minority sta-
tus in the Senate is short-lived, I think we will establish that the Democrats are a much better minority when it comes to the Senate than perhaps those on the other side of the aisle, but only time will tell. 
f 
NEW CONGRESS 
Mr. DURBIN. I have the opening re-
marks from the Democratic leader, H
ARRY REID, which I wish to read into 
the R ECORD . 
Senator R EIDstates: 
As some already know, I had a mishap in 
my home last week while exercising. As a re-sult, I sustained several broken bones in my face and ribs. As bad as that sounds, I am doing well and recovering quickly. 
I regret I am not on the Senate floor to 
make these remarks in person, but my doc-tors have urged caution and ordered me to stay home while I recuperate. 
I thank my friend, the Assistant Demo-
cratic Leader, for delivering my remarks today. 
A Greek philosopher once wrote: ‘‘There is 
nothing permanent except change.’’ Our na-tion’s elections prove that theory every two years. This is one of those times of change— for the Senate and for our country. 
The desks in this Chamber have been rear-
ranged, committee assignments adjusted, and a new majority assumes control for the next two years. Or in other words, it’s just another Wednesday in January at the start of a new Congress. 
For all of the changes, our duties as United 
States Senators remain the same: We are here to help working Americans and ensure our government has all it needs to serve the people. 
In spite of almost no Republican coopera-
tion over the last six years, we’ve made sig-nificant strides in many regards. The new Majority Leader claims the Senate hasn’t achieved, in his words, ‘‘squat’’ in recent years. The numbers, however, tell a different story. Today the U.S. unemployment rate stands at 5.8 percent. Over the last six years the American economy has added 10 million jobs. The stock market has reached all-time highs. Our nation’s manufacturers are thriv-ing. The American automobile industry was brought back from the brink of collapse in spite of Republican opposition. And let’s not forget that there are more than 10 million Americans newly insured with health care coverage. 
While some here in Washington may see 
that as ‘‘squat,’’ the economic recovery has been very real to American families. I know how important it has been to working Ne-
vadans. 
And while we worked to improve the econ-
omy without Republicans’ help, we also worked to fulfill our constitutional obliga-tion to offer advice and consent on Presi-dential nominations. 
Just last Congress we confirmed 132 
judges—the most since the Carter Adminis-tration. Overall, we confirmed 611 of the President’s nominees last Congress in spite of Republican opposition. As we speak, we have an Attorney General and a Secretary of Defense waiting to be confirmed. I remind everyone that last Congress the Republicans mounted an unprecedented filibuster for a nominee for Secretary of Defense [a former Republican Senator]. 
I challenge my friend, the Majority Leader, 
to change course and work with Senate Democrats in confirming the President’s nominees in the 114th Congress. Working to-gether, we can easily meet and surpass last Congress’s benchmark of 611 confirmations. 
My Republican colleagues, and especially 
the Majority Leader, should also know that Senate Democrats are especially eager to continue to help American families. 
Working together, we can send meaningful, 
bipartisan legislation to the President for his signature. 
The mistakes of the past, the gratuitous 
obstruction and wanton filibustering will not be a hallmark of the Democratic minority in the 114th Congress. The filibuster is an indis-pensable tool of the minority, but Repub-licans’ abuse of it last Congress has come to epitomize the gridlock here in the United States Capitol. 
To be clear, I have no intention of just 
rolling over. I can’t. Not when the middle class is teetering on the verge of extinction. 
Any attempt to erode protections for 
working American families—the dismantling of Dodd-Frank, the weakening of net neu-trality rules, or the Republicans’ never-end-ing quest to repeal the Affordable Care Act, known as ObamaCare—will be met with swift and unified Democratic opposition. 
But we’d rather legislate together. And 
there’s plenty of common ground for bipar-tisan compromise if Republicans are willing. 
That is the end of the statement 
from Senator R EID. 
f 
TERRORIST ATTACK 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, through-
out the history of the United States of America, we have had a remarkable al-liance with the nation of France. It bears remembering and repeating that the French stood by our side when America was fighting for its independ-ence from Great Britain. The French were honored in many ways for that al-liance and help, including, as I recall, a portrait of the Marquis de Lafayette which hangs in the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives to this day. 
That was not the only time by any 
means that the French have stood with us and we have stood by their side. It happened during World War I, World War II, and many times after that. Through the NATO alliance and in many other ways, we have worked with the people of France for common goals and common purpose, and that is why we were so saddened this morning to learn of the news that was reported by the Tribune: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:26 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JA6.003 S07JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S30 January 7, 2015 
Masked gunmen shouting ‘‘Allahu akbar!’’ 
stormed the Paris offices of a satirical news-paper Wednesday, killing 12 people before es-caping. It was France’s deadliest terror at-tack in at least two decades. 
With a manhunt on, French President 
Francois Hollande called the attack on the Charlie Hebdo weekly . . . ‘‘a terrorist at-tack without a doubt.’’ He said several other attacks have been thwarted in France ‘‘in re-cent weeks.’’ 
France raised its security alert to the 
highest level and reinforced protective meas-ures at houses of worship, stores, media of-fices and transportation. Top government of-ficials were holding an emergency meeting and Hollande planned a nationally televised address in the evening. Schools closed their doors. 
World leaders including President Barack 
Obama and German Chancellor Angela Merkel condemned the attack, but sup-porters of the militant Islamic State group celebrated the slayings as well-deserved re-venge against France. 
This event in Paris recalls what we 
lived through not that long ago when the United States—on September 11, 2001—was attacked by terrorists and more than 3,000 innocent Americans lost their lives in New York, in Wash-ington, and in the countryside of Penn-sylvania. Many of us recall that at that moment—that sad, awful moment— people around the world rallied to stand with the United States in our grief and in our determination for jus-tice. We particularly remember that the people of France did that, and they spoke out in one voice saying they were going to be by our side in this battle against terrorism. I think it is appropriate today that we follow suit, that we join in that same spirit. ‘‘A ce moment tragique, nous sommes tous Parisiens, nous sommes tous Francais.’’ 
Let us all work together not only to 
bring justice to this horrible situa-tion—this attack on free press in France—but let us also work together to bring an end to terrorism in our time. We can work with our allies and friends in France to achieve that goal. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
PAUL). Under the previous order, the 
leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I sug-
gest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The assistant legislative clerk pro-
ceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. CONGRATULATING SENATOR PAT-
RICK LEAHY ON 40 YEARS IN THE U.S. SENATE 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, 40 years 
ago this week, a young prosecutor from Vermont was sworn into the Senate. He was part of a historic group of law-makers often referred to as the ‘‘Wa-tergate babies.’’ Today that man is President pro tempore emeritus as well 
as the most senior Member of the Sen-ate. It is an honor to serve with him and to recognize Senator P
ATRICK  
LEAHY for reaching this historic mile-
stone. 
PATRICK LEAHY remains the youngest 
Senator—and the only Democratic Sen-ator—ever sent to this body by the peo-ple of his home State of Vermont. But that is not what makes P
ATRICK LEAHY  
exceptional. What makes him excep-tional is the fact that he is a consensus builder—a thoughtful man committed to making government work better. It has been a privilege for me to work closely with Senator L
EAHY serving on 
the Senate Judiciary Committee. 
As a member of that committee since 
1979 and for many years as chairman, Senator L
EAHY made a profound mark 
on America’s system of justice. He has voted on the nominations of every sit-ting member of the U.S. Supreme Court. He has fought to preserve the balance between liberty and security during especially difficult times. Sen-ator L
EAHY has also fought to make 
America’s respect for human rights a cornerstone of our Nation’s foreign pol-icy. He has been a leader in the global effort to ban antipersonnel landmines. He championed the ‘‘Leahy Law’’ to prevent U.S. tax dollars from bene-fiting human rights abusers abroad. He was a leader in recent efforts to free U.S. citizen Alan Gross from a Cuban jail and in the modernization of our Nation’s policy toward that island. 
One last point, P
ATLEAHY is also, al-
most certainly, the biggest ‘‘Dead Head’’ in the Senate. Twenty years ago, he invited his good friend, Jerry Garcia—the lead guitarist for the Grateful Dead—to join him for lunch here in the Capitol. Two other mem-bers of the band came, too: drummer Mickey Hart and bass player Phil Lesh. As one might imagine, this unusual foursome created a bit of a stir in the Senate Dining Room. Then in walked Senator Strom Thurmond of South Carolina. Ever the bridgebuilder, Sen-ator L
EAHY walked over to Senator 
Thurmond and said: ‘‘Please join us. There’s someone I want you to meet.’’ 
It is a story worth pondering as we 
begin the 114th Congress. If we could all be so open to creating unlikely alli-ances, there is no telling what we might achieve in the next 2 years. 
Again, I thank my friend Senator 
L
EAHY on his 40 years of service to the 
people of Vermont, America, and to the great causes that face our generation. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor and 
suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. The assistant legislative clerk pro-
ceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RESTORING THE SENATE’S 
GREATNESS 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I rise 
today to address the state of the Sen-ate and how to restore its greatness. 
Yesterday, I was sworn in as the 
President pro tempore. Although there have been some notable exceptions throughout history, the modern prac-tice of the Senate has been to elect as the President pro tempore the most senior Member of the majority party. As one noted historian of the Senate has generously written, ‘‘election of a senator to the office of president pro tempore has always been considered one of the highest honors offered to a senator by the Senate as a body.’’ 
I am greatly honored to have been se-
lected for this position, but I am keen-ly aware of the great responsibilities that come with it. The President pro tempore of the Senate is one of only three legislative offices established by the U.S. Constitution, and in recent decades it has been occupied by true gi-ants of the Senate. Their names, which include Vandenberg, Russell, Byrd, Stevens, Inouye, and L
EAHY , resonate 
as some of the greatest legislators ever to serve in this body. 
Beyond the President pro tempore’s 
formal responsibilities in presiding over the Senate and helping ensure the continuity of government, this office represents a unique opportunity to as-sist the majority leader in guiding the Senate as it addresses the critical issues facing our Nation. In that sense, the President pro tempore serves as an elder statesman, sharing accumulated knowledge and lessons learned through long experience. 
I consider it fortuitous that the be-
ginning of my service as President pro tempore coincides with the start of a new year. For many, the new year is a time for reflecting upon the past and reviewing commitments for the future. I believe we as Senators should use this opportunity for some much needed introspection about the state of this institution. 
The Senate has long been heralded as 
the world’s greatest deliberative body. With so many critical challenges fac-ing our Nation today, there has never been a more important time for the Senate to live up to its storied legacy and to fulfill its responsibilities to the American people. 
Central to properly understanding 
our responsibilities as Senators is to appreciate the Senate’s role in our sys-tem of government. This means under-standing both the Senate’s purposes and its unique place at the center of our constitutional structure. It is im-portant for us to consider these issues. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:26 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JA6.005 S07JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S31 January 7, 2015 
James Madison famously called the 
Senate the great anchor of the govern-ment. He described its purpose as two-fold: ‘‘first to protect the people against their rulers; secondly to pro-tect the people against the transient impressions on to which they them-selves might be led.’’ 
The Senate accomplishes the first 
goal—protecting the people against 
their rulers—by playing a crucial role in the appointment and removal of both judges and executive branch offi-cers. The President’s power to appoint is tempered by the requirement that his appointees receive the Senate’s ad-vice and consent. Additionally, the Senate possesses the power to remove from office any official that has en-gaged in high crimes and mis-demeanors. The President’s power to enter into treaties is also critically checked by the requirement that the Senate provide its advice and consent to a treaty before ratification. 
As such, the President does not have 
unfettered power to fill up executive offices, pack the courts or make agree-ments with foreign nations. He cannot staff agencies with corrupt, incom-petent or ideologically extreme cronies unless the Senate allows him to do so. He cannot conclude treaties that will harm American interests unless the Senate gives its assent. In selecting life-tenured judges to apply the Con-stitution and laws of the land, the President cannot act unless the Senate confirms his nominee. In all of these settings, the Senate serves as a crucial check against executive abuse. 
The Senate accomplishes the second 
of Madison’s goals—protecting against temporary shifts in popular opinion— through its character and its institu-tional structure. In contrast to the large, transient House, the Senate is small, more stable, and therefore, it has the opportunity to be more thoughtful. Four hundred thirty-five Members inhabit the House, and only 100 fill this Chamber. The entire House stands for election every 2 years. Natu-rally, reelection is constantly on Rep-resentatives’ minds. Senators, by con-trast, have 6-year terms and only one- third go before the voters each elec-tion. Even with the pressures of mod-ern campaigns, these divergent charac-teristics produce fundamentally dif-ferent institutions. 
But the Framers designed the Senate 
to do much more than merely check transient and occasionally intemperate impulses. They created the Senate to refine the public’s will and to give more wisdom and stability to the gov-ernment. The Framers chose the Sen-ate’s relatively small size to enable more thorough debate and to provide individual Members greater oppor-tunity to improve legislative proposals. Longer, staggered terms would give Members greater flexibility to resist initially popular yet ultimately unwise legislation. They would also guard against temporary majorities. A fluke election may produce significant ma-jorities for one party that 2 years later 
disappears. This can lead to wild swings in the law as each new majority seeks to enact a vastly different agen-da during its brief period of power. Overlapping terms help to avert this danger. 
Finally, statewide constituencies re-
quire Senators to appeal to a broader set of interests—including the concerns of the State governments themselves— than do narrow, more homogenous House districts. 
To these constitutional characteris-
tics, the Senate has added a number of traditions—some formal and others in-formal—that have enhanced its delib-erative character. These include the right to extended debate, an open amendment process, and a committee system that gives all Members—from the most seasoned chairmen to the newest freshmen—a hand in drafting and improving legislation. 
The late Senator Byrd liked to say 
that ‘‘as long as the Senate retains the power to amend and the power of un-limited debate, the liberties of the peo-ple will remain secure.’’ 
The Senate protects liberty by giving 
each Senator an active role in the leg-islative process. This multiplies the checks against bad laws and expands the universe of individuals working to make good laws better. It erects what Madison called a necessary fence against hasty and unwise government action. It enables each Senator to bring his or her own wisdom and con-sidered judgment to bear on pressing national issues. 
When the Senate functions properly, 
it is a truly deliberative body in which all Senators work to identify the com-mon good and the best means to achieve that common good. The Fed-eralist describes the common good as the permanent and aggregate interests of the community. This is to be distin-guished from the individual good, which may vary from person to person and which may not result in the Na-tion’s benefit. 
Much like the Senate is designed to 
protect against transient shifts in pub-lic opinion, it is also designed to enable Senators to pursue the common good. Senators are able to prioritize achiev-ing the correct results over doing what is politically convenient. The best an-swers do not always immediately present themselves nor are they always easily explained. Longer terms give Senators more time to investigate, to analyze, to reconsider, and to recali-brate, and so do robust debate and an open amendment process. These are critical elements of our deliberative pursuit of the common good. 
Another crucial component of our 
pursuit of common good is prudence. Aristotle called prudence the legisla-tive science because it concerns the best means of achieving the most good in practice. Prudence restrains us from seeking immediate and complete vindi-cation of a single abstract principle. Instead, it counsels us to work within our existing circumstances to vindicate 
the enduring principles upon which our liberty depends. 
While we should remain true to our 
principles, we must also recognize that we operate in an imperfect world where we do not control all of the levers of power. We cannot simply charge for-ward blind to present realities. To do so is to jeopardize our hopes for achiev-ing any meaningful success, because in the messy world of politics, adopting an all-or-nothing strategy usually pro-duces only the latter—nothing. 
Politics is the art of the possible. Ide-
ology is important, and rhetoric is cap-tivating. But at the end of the day, when the campaign is over, the Amer-ican people sent us here to govern. We are here to protect their liberties and to protect and improve their lives. When we grandstand or hold out for impossible demands, we do nothing but a disservice. The Framers gave us stag-gered, extended terms so that we could use our independent judgment to get things done. We should try to get to it. 
An astute commentator observed 
that the Senate stands at the cross-roads of our constitutional system. It shares power with the other branches of the Federal Government. It ensures temperance in the legislative branch. It must consent or not consent to the President’s treaties and appointments, and it plays a critical role in appoint-ments to the Supreme Court. 
But it also—and this is unique among 
the branches of the Federal Govern-ment—embodies the interests of fed-eralism and State power at the na-tional level. 
The Framers created the Senate to 
be much more than a simple legislative body. The Senate is uniquely posi-tioned to mediate both among the Fed-eral branches of government and be-tween the Federal and State govern-ments. As such, the Senate truly em-bodies the role described by one wise commentator as the sober guardian of the Republic. 
Our responsibilities as Senators fol-
low directly from the Senate’s con-stitutional role. As the people’s rep-resentatives and as envoys of our indi-vidual States’ interests, we are ac-countable to our States and to our Na-tion. We do not serve any one party or principle, or any particular ideology or faction. We may align ourselves into certain groups—Republican and Demo-crat, conservative and liberal—for pur-poses of organization and cooperation, but we are Senators first. Other labels are secondary. 
Civility and statesmanship must be 
our constant ideals. Madison once in-structed that ‘‘the Senate is to consist in its proceeding with more coolness, with more system, and with more wis-dom, than the popular branch.’’ A key purpose of this body is to calm the pas-sions that arise from the heat of polit-ical discourse. As such, we must always be courteous in our communications one with another, both formal and in-formal, on the floor and off, face-to- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:26 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JA6.007 S07JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S32 January 7, 2015 
face or on a video screen. When we dis-
agree we need to do so with dignity and respect, acknowledging the sincere mo-tives and passions of even our most firm adversaries. 
Statesmanship connotes public spir-
itedness and a willingness to com-promise in pursuit of broader goals. Petulance and unilateralism accom-plish nothing in this body. Any Senator who would choose the glow of the cam-era over the prospect for meaningful achievement seriously misunderstands their role as a Senator. 
Next on the list of practices Senators 
must follow are prudence and consid-ered judgment. I have already spoken about prudence. It is a habit of mind that focuses on present realities and achievable goals—not pie-in-the-sky pipedreams. Prudent lawmakers make experience—not theory—their guide, and they recognize that success in a re-public requires harmonizing competing values. 
Considered judgment is closely tied 
to prudence. Prudence is not rash. It requires deliberation and thoughtful analysis. Our constituents sent us here because they trusted our judgment and favored the general outlines we pre-sented in our campaigns. Now that we are here, it is time to put our plans into action. We do this by studying problems, investigating proposals, and carefully choosing solutions that best cohere with our principles. Exercising judgment is an individual matter. Col-leagues and opinion leaders may guide our deliberations, but the ultimate choice of policy is one which we each must make on our own. 
The final two obligations I wish to 
highlight are our responsibilities: first, to seek the common good through ear-nest deliberation, and second, to achieve consensus to the extent pos-sible. 
As I explained, the Framers designed 
the Senate so that Members would be able to seek the common good encum-bered by few political constraints. Be-cause we stand for election only every 6 years, we are less susceptible to swings in public opinion. We have the independence to value long-term im-pact over short-term politics. And be-cause we are a small body—relatively speaking—all Members are able to par-ticipate fully in the legislative process and to add their voice of praise, warn-ing or suggestion to each proposal that we consider. We deliberate not to score points or to craft sound bites but be-cause we believe that in the contest of opposing views, the best answers will win out. 
I mentioned consensus. Although 
much of our day-to-day operations are conducted by unanimous consent, obvi-ously we do not do everything around here by consensus. We are 100 fiercely independent legislators. Even at the end of a lengthy debate with numerous opportunities for amendment, we may remain sharply divided about a bill’s wisdom or the objective it seeks to achieve. But that does not mean con-sensus should not be our goal. We 
should take counsel from past legisla-tive victories which show that broad victories produce lasting reform, whereas narrow partisan power plays tend to yield only rancor and repeated attempts to repeal. 
For 38 years I have had the extraor-
dinary privilege of serving in the Sen-ate. During that time, I have witnessed it at its best and, more recently, at its worst. My experience throughout the last four decades has confirmed to me the wisdom of the first Adlai Steven-son, then Vice President, who in his 1897 farewell address captured the es-sence of the Senate: 
In this Chamber alone are preserved with-
out restraint two essentials of wise legisla-tions and good government: the right of amendment and of debate. Great evils often result from hasty legislation; rarely from the delay which follows full discussion and deliberation. 
In recent years these foundations of 
the Senate’s unique character—mean-ingful debate and an open amendment process—have come under sustained as-sault by those who have prioritized scoring political points over preserving the Senate’s essential role in our sys-tem of self-government. 
Rather than simply bemoan this re-
cent institutional damage, we have a duty to use this new Congress to re-store the Senate. By returning to reg-ular order and committee work, pro-moting robust debate, and enabling a deliberative amendment process, we can make the Senate work again—both Democrats and Republicans. 
First, robust debate. Senators’ abil-
ity to engage in meaningful, sub-stantive debate is at the core of the Senate’s identity. Through robust dis-cussions and inclusive deliberation, Senators examine all sides of an issue. We air opposing views and ensure that in haste we do not make worse the problems we are trying to solve. 
When individual Senators have the 
right to debate a matter fully, it en-genders confidence that the final legis-lation produced represents the best possible bill upon which the Senate can agree. Many pieces of legislation that seemed imperfect passed this way and have gone on to benefit the Nation greatly. For over 200 years, the Senate has provided each Member broad pre-rogative to debate and discuss the crit-ical issues of the day. In the early years of the Republic, visitors flocked to the Senate gallery to hear Senators such as Daniel Webster, Henry Clay, and John C. Calhoun, just to mention three, to hear them expound upon mat-ters of national concern. 
It was in this body that some of our 
Nation’s most important debates over taxation, slavery, expansion, and for-eign affairs took place. For many years, free-flowing debate was so inter-twined with the identity of the Senate that no effective cloture mechanism to cut off debate even existed until well into the 20th century. 
While the need to end debate in cer-
tain circumstances is clear, we have strayed too far from this important de-
liberative tradition. In particular, the practice of filing for cloture at the very same time a bill is brought up for consideration has proliferated to a dis-turbing degree. When a full and robust debate has occurred, invoking cloture is often appropriate. But we must not abuse this power by reflexively seeking to cut off debate before it even begins. Let us return to a system where all Senators have a say in what the Senate does and are able to express their views without getting cut off. 
The second Senate hallmark we must 
restore is an open amendment process. The reason for an open amendment process is to improve legislation. No single Member can foresee all contin-gencies that may arise or identify all of the potential pitfalls. 
There is a reason there are 100 Sen-
ators, not just 1. More eyes mean more mistakes caught and more opportuni-ties for improvement. An open amend-ment process also facilities consensus. One amendment may resolve a par-ticular Senator’s concern, allowing him to support what he or she once op-posed. Another may make a bill politi-cally palatable to Senators who sup-port the bill in principle but not in its current form. 
Amendments may also achieve buy- 
in as Senators who successfully amend a bill find themselves more committed to final passage. When Senators retain the ability to amend legislation, such input can establish a wide and lasting base of support that crosses partisan and ideological lines. Indeed, an open and honest amendment process has fre-quently enabled diverse coalitions to find important areas of agreement. 
I even found that the former Senator 
from Massachusetts, the late Ted Ken-nedy, the famed liberal lion of the Sen-ate, a man I came to Washington to battle, could be a productive partner. In the process, he became one of my closest friends, even if we widely dis-agreed on a lot of things. I miss him personally. We were able to do things that would not have been done had it not been for the work we did together. 
Unfortunately, over the past several 
years, the Senate’s traditionally open amendment process has come under in-creasing attack. For the sake of shield-ing electorally vulnerable Senators from tough votes, we have emasculated one of this institution’s critical char-acteristics. It is time to stop manipu-lating Senate rules to prevent amend-ments. It is time to stop blocking amendments for fear of tough votes. It is time to return to healthier ways of doing things, where we work together to improve legislation rather than doing all we can to keep Members out of the process. 
The third hallmark we must restore 
is a vigorous and productive committee system. Although perhaps not as mori-bund as our amendment process, the role our committees play in drafting and refining bills has indeed suffered in recent years. For centuries Senate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:26 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JA6.009 S07JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S33 January 7, 2015 
committees have served as the primary 
forum for critical deliberation and amendments in this body. 
Bills introduced in the Senate are re-
ferred to the relevant committees where Members have the opportunity to consider, debate, and amend the bill at length. Committees are the work-horses of the Senate or at least should be. On the floor we can do only one thing at a time. But any number of committees and subcommittees may 
operate simultaneously, allowing Sen-ators to work out language and make compromises on multiple bills at the same time. 
Committees also perform a crucial 
investigative function. They hold hear-ings, call witnesses, and solicit expert opinions on a wide variety of issues, enabling Members to expand their un-derstanding and to better fine-tune in-dividual bills. Lately, however, we have witnessed a disturbing trend of bypass-ing the committee process altogether by bringing bills directly to the floor for votes. 
This practice undermines committee 
work and frustrates Members who dili-gently seek to move their legislative priorities through the committee. It also deprives bills of the benefits of committee review, which include more search and consideration of language, opportunities for comment by outside experts, and the ability to address sup-port for amendments without tying up precious floor time. 
A healthy committee process is es-
sential to a well-functioning Senate. This body is not a fiefdom. We do not convene merely to give our assent to immutable messaging bills. We are sup-posed to work together to write, amend, and pass important legislation. When Senators bring up for consider-ation bills they have written without input from other Members, manipulate Senate procedure to prevent floor amendment on those bills, and then si-multaneously file cloture to cut off de-bate, they act as autocrats rather than agents of democracy. 
Let’s return this body to one that op-
erates by consensus, not dictate. Let’s return the committee process to its proper place in our legislative land-scape, as the first line of review rather than an utter irrelevancy. Let’s restore the Senate to its proper role in our constitutional system by restoring the traditions that have made this body so great: robust debate, an open amend-ment process, an active, meaningful committee process. 
Equipped with these tools, the Sen-
ate historically never shied away from taking on what everyone agreed were the toughest issues of the day. Yes, we had to take tough votes. Yes, we could not rush legislation through as fast as we sometimes would have liked. Yes, we sometimes felt deep disappointment when proposals we championed fell short. But while the Senate’s rules can be frustrating and politically cum-bersome, they are what allowed the Senate to serve the country so well for so very long. Restoring the Senate in this manner 
will not be easy. After years of bitter partisan tension, we cannot expect a complete change to come overnight. But by reestablishing our historic aims and reinstituting our designing modes of operation, including robust debate, an open amendment process, and reg-ular order through committee work, the Senate can once more be about the peoples’ business and observe the title of the world’s greatest deliberative body. 
f 
WISHING SENATOR HARRY REID A 
SPEEDY RECOVERY 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, one of my 
friends in this body is the distinguished minority leader, H
ARRY REID. HARRY  
and I have been friends for a long time. He has served here for a long time. He served well in many respects. He cer-tainly was a tough majority leader. He is a tough guy. 
Recently he suffered some very se-
vere injuries. He is mending. These in-juries seem to be injuries he can han-dle, although very strong, tough inju-ries. I wish him the best, that he may be able to recuperate well, come back again to this deliberative body, and play the role he needs to play for the minority in this illustrious body. 
H
ARRY and I believe many things to-
gether, especially in the religious area. He is a fine man. His wife Landra is a very fine woman. I am glad to see that her health has improved. She is a ter-rific person. Both of them are terrific people in their own right. I pray that the Lord will heal H
ARRY and make it 
easier for him to come back as soon as he can. Being a tough guy, he will be back here pretty soon. I wish him the best. It is no secret that Elaine and I have been praying for him. Hopefully, those prayers will be efficacious. 
I have great respect for my col-
leagues on the other side as well as my own colleagues on this side. These are good people. There are very few Sen-ators—not more than 2—in my 38 years in the Senate that I thought might not have much redeeming value. Everybody else has played significant roles in this body, sometimes that I hotly contested and differed with, but nevertheless very good people over all these years. 
H
ARRY REIDis one of the nicest peo-
ple one will ever meet off the Senate floor. He is all right on the Senate floor too. All I can say is that I wish him well. I am praying for his recov-ery. I want him to succeed in every way. He is from our neighboring State. Nevada is very important to us. We like both Senators from Nevada. Sen-ator H
ELLER is one of the finest Sen-
ators here. They work well in Nevada’s interests together. I hope everything goes well with Senator R
EIDand his 
wife Landra and his lovely family. They are good family people. 
I wanted to make those comments on 
the floor because of the high esteem in which I hold H
ARRY . Yes, we disagree 
on a lot of issues, sometimes pretty strongly we disagree, but great Sen-
ators can do that. They can get over it quickly too. 
I hope the remarks I made earlier in 
the day on this deliberative body will be taken up by everybody in the Senate to realize this is the greatest delibera-tive body in the world. We need to make sure it remains such. That means tough votes. It means tough amend-ments. It means long days here some-times, but it also means an ability to have a rapport with my friends, not only on this side but the other side as well and for them to have a rapport not only with their side but with our side. 
Let’s hope we can build something 
and let’s hope we can bring our two sides together and work in the best in-terests of the country and get some things done that are sorely in need and do things that both Democrats and Re-publicans can say: We did it together. Yes, there were tough times. Yes, we differed from time to time. But we did it together, and we did it in the best in-terest of the country. 
I hope both leaders will be able to 
work together in this manner and that all of us will do our work in the best interest of this country. I do not think we necessarily have to forget politics, but we ought to sublimate them some-times to the point where they do not interfere with getting very important work done. 
I wish H
ARRY REIDthe best. As I said, 
he is in my prayers. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Missouri. 
f 
JOBS 
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, first of 
all, this is the first opportunity I have had to follow our new President pro tempore of the Senate on the floor. He was just elected yesterday. 
I have spoken on the floor at times 
when he has been in other leadership roles. He is a solid Member of this Sen-ate whom we rally around in so many ways. The comments he just made about the leader of our friends on the other side and the importance of fam-ily to Senator R
EID—that is also im-
portant to Senator H ATCH . People are 
important to Senator H ATCH . I believe 
he is going to be a tremendous Presi-dent pro tempore of the Senate, chair-man of the Finance Committee, and a critical leader at a critical time. 
The comments he made on the floor 
today about Senators being willing to take tough votes, to take positions on issues, to let the American people know where we stand—that is not only where the Senate ought to be but in so many ways it is where Senator H
ATCH  
has always been as a Member of the Senate and now as the highest elected official in the Senate, the President pro tempore of the Senate. I look for-ward to seeing him do that job, seeking his advice, and watching his leadership as he leads us now in multiple ways in the Senate. 
Mr. HATCH. Would the Senator yield 
for a comment? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:26 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JA6.010 S07JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S34 January 7, 2015 
Mr. BLUNT. I yield to the Senator. 
Mr. HATCH. I thank my dear friend 
from Missouri for being so kind and thoughtful to me and the Senate. I ap-preciate our friendship and the leader-ship he provides in this body. 
Mr. BLUNT. I thank my friend for his 
leadership and his comments. 
The Presiding Officer and I are look-
ing at legislation we looked at last year where the Senate would simply have to stand up on rules and regula-tions that have an impact on the econ-omy and say ‘‘Yes, we are going to im-prove those’’ or ‘‘No, we are not going to do those.’’ That would be a role for the Senate where the regulators for the first time have an obstacle and an op-portunity to come to the people who have to go to the voters and say: What do you think about this rule? What do you think about this regulation? 
I look forward to seeing the REINS 
Act again that would put some more controls over regulators, which both the Presiding Officer and I have worked on. 
Today I will talk for a few moments 
about the work we will hopefully get to quickly. 
The first numbered bill in this new 
Senate is the bill to authorize the Key-stone Pipeline. In the 6 years that Can-ada has been waiting to try to sell us a product that we need, I have spoken about this—as many of us have—many times. It is hard to actually think about what I might say today that hasn’t been said before in that 6-year period of trying to do what I believe and what most Americans believe is the logical thing for us to do. 
Our best trading partner, Canada— 
more North American energy is one of the critical keys to our economic fu-ture. As I over and over again think of the list of opportunities in front of us, that has to be near the top. What hap-pens when we have more American en-ergy? What happens when we are more self-sufficient with our two closest neighbors for the energy we use, the energy we need? What happens when we are less dependent on economies that we don’t do as much business with or places that aren’t as friendly to us as our neighbors to the north and our neighbors to the south? 
More American energy has an impact 
on utility bills, it has an impact on transportation, and it has an impact on whether we are going to make more things. An economy that grows things and makes things is stronger than an economy where we just trade services with each other. We should be looking for those things which create that com-petitive incentive for us to get back into manufacturing. 
In the last session of Congress, we 
were able to pass a bill I cosponsored with Senator B
ROWN from Ohio on ad-
vanced manufacturing, and I think it is going to have an impact on doing things in different ways, but I don’t suggest that it would have a greater impact than a utility bill that some-body thinking about building a factory understood that they had a great like-
lihood of being able to pay for a long time and in a competitive way or a de-livery system that works. Those are the kinds of things that will create more American jobs. 
The Keystone Pipeline clearly cre-
ates some jobs in and of itself. I think 20,000 jobs or so is the estimate just to build the pipeline and another 20,000 for all of the support of material and things that go into that pipeline. 
I think the President’s own State De-
partment has a number of 42,000 jobs that would be created if we go to this shovel-ready project. We had a lot of discussion in the country when the President became President about the importance of finding shovel-ready projects. This is a project where people have had the shovels in hand for a long time. They have a product we need. We are their best trading partner. It is log-ical that they would want to sell it to us. It is equally logical that we should want to buy it from them. The State Department says over and over again— and this is the State Department where the Secretary of State was put in place by the President, who yesterday said he would veto this bill—the State De-partment says over and over again that there is no environmental impact we should be concerned about. 
For people who say: Well, the Cana-
dians should be concerned about the impact of taking that oil out of the ground, that is really going to happen. The oil sands are going to be heated up. The oil is coming out of the ground. It is going to be sold to somebody. The question is, Do we take advantage of that logical opportunity or do we give that opportunity to somebody else? 
When we get into this debate next 
week, somebody will say: Well, maybe there are 40,000 jobs to build the pipe-line, but there are only three or four dozen jobs to run the pipeline. Well, of course—it is a pipeline. It is not com-plicated to do, but it is the logical and easiest way to move fuel that we need, oil that we need, oil that would become part of our commerce and other com-merce. 
But anybody who thinks that those 
are the only jobs that would be created when we grasp the idea of more Amer-ican energy just isn’t thinking about what this means to our economy. There are many jobs to be created. That is why this has become such an important issue and such an important vote—not just for the pipeline itself but for the message it sends to the American workforce, the message it sends to people who are thinking about making things in America, and the message it sends about our future econ-omy. This is one of many things that are just waiting for us to take advan-tage of them so that we can grow our economy in new and positive ways. 
Among the things that will be said 
that I will disagree with on this in the next few days: Well, this is only 35 per-manent jobs. Anybody who believes that embracing more American energy is only 35 American jobs is either kid-
ding themselves or just trying to kid the American people. 
We need to take advantage of this op-
portunity. There is no government funding involved. It is just government approval. This is a $7 billion project, 42,000 jobs. The government just has to say yes. 
Six years and several months ago 
ago—I think about 2 months ago now we passed the 6-year anniversary of the Canadians having the application and asking us to let them do this. Why do they even have to do that? Because they cross an international border. We build pipelines in the country all the time with very little Federal involve-ment. 
This is revenue for the States, com-
munities, and counties this pipeline goes through. There is a revenue stream there. You pay for the perma-nent ability to have that infrastruc-ture available to you. It is a $7 billion project, revenue for State and local government, but most importantly, it is a sign from the people of the United States of America through their gov-ernment that we are going to take ad-vantage of this great opportunity of more American energy that is in front of us. 
Since he came to the Senate the 
same day I did 4 years ago, Senator H
OEVEN has been a leading advocate as 
a North Dakotan. He understands what energy can do for the economy. He also understands the importance of being able to transport that energy product around in the right way. It frees train cars for manufactured goods, agri-culture, and other things. It does so in the best way. Senator M
ANCHIN , joining 
with Senator H OEVEN as the principal 
sponsors of the bill, is a leader on these energy issues. He understands energy issues. I am pleased to be a cosponsor of this bill. I believe there are 60 of us who have cosponsored the bill—clearly enough to send the bill to the Presi-dent’s desk. It would be nice if the President would look at the oppor-tunity and decide to sign this bill. 
This is an important part of the fu-
ture of the country. It is time for the Senate, the Congress, and the Govern-ment of the United States to wrap its arms around what this means to the people of the United States. It means good jobs. It means a different future than if we don’t have it. 
One other topic I wish to mention 
while on the floor is—speaking of good jobs—jobs for veterans. A bill I filed in the last Congress in the Senate has passed the House again last night, the Hire More Heroes Act. I hope we can get to it quickly. Last year it passed in the House 406 to 1, but the Senate wouldn’t take up the bill that passed the House 406 to 1. 
How do we hire more heroes under 
this act? We give people who already have veterans health benefits— TRICARE or other VA benefits—a lit-tle bit of an exception as an employee. Employers don’t have to count them 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:26 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JA6.012 S07JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S35 January 7, 2015 
toward the 50 employees that trigger a 
law that many employers are trying to avoid being affected by, the so-called Affordable Care Act. 
We have a chance to go to those who 
served us and say: Look, we are going to create one additional opportunity. We are not going to count the fact that you already have health care against you; we are actually going to let it work in favor of your opportunity to get a job and to move forward with that job. 
Whether it is more American energy 
or hiring our heroes for jobs they need to have—the veteran unemployment numbers are unacceptable. Veterans who have served since 9/11 at one time last year had an unemployment rate right at the 9 percent number. Any number is unacceptable. We need to take those veterans’ skills and put them to work. I hope we do that by quickly following our colleagues on the other side of the building—who now have passed this bill twice—and getting this bill on the President’s desk as well. 
Hiring our heroes, creating jobs, 
looking at more American energy—I am hopeful these are the kinds of things this Congress will quickly send a message to the President and the country—these are the kinds of things we want to see happen for more oppor-tunity for young Americans and for all Americans. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
F
ISCHER ). The Senator from South Da-
kota. 
Mr. THUNE. Madam President, I 
share the view of my colleague from Missouri about the importance of the Keystone Pipeline. We will have an op-portunity over the next several days to talk more extensively about that and the importance it has to our economy and to energy security. Obviously it is something that we think is about jobs and the economy, which is why there is so much support for it in the Senate among Republicans in the Senate, and I would argue—I think there will be a lot of Democrats as well. 
Yesterday Republicans assumed the 
majority in the Senate thanks to the overwhelming support of the American people, and we are ready to roll up our sleeves and go to work. 
This week President Obama is going 
to be traveling around the country at-tempting to take credit for the recent shred of economic good news we have finally seen after 6 years of economic stagnation under the President’s poli-cies. Unfortunately, all of the cam-paign-style tours in the world cannot disguise the fact that our economy is nowhere near where it should be. More than 5 years after the recession sup-posedly ended, Americans are still feel-ing the pinch. Wages are stagnant. Household income has declined by al-most $3,000 on the President’s watch. The price of everything from health care to education has risen. And the President’s policies have done nothing to help. In fact, the President’s policies 
have actually made things worse. Whether it is the taxes in the Presi-dent’s health care law or the energy tax proposed by the President’s out-of- control EPA, the President’s policies have done nothing to help the econ-omy. 
But there is reason for Americans to 
be hopeful. Poll after poll has dem-onstrated that the American people are concerned about jobs and the economy, and in the new Congress Republicans are going to make jobs and the econ-omy our priorities. We are committed to passing legislation that would help create jobs, grow the economy, and ex-pand opportunities for struggling mid-dle-class families, and we plan to get started right away. 
This week the senior Senator from 
North Dakota, Mr. H
OEVEN , reintro-
duced legislation to approve the job- creating Keystone XL Pipeline. Ac-cording to the President’s own State Department, this commonsense project would support more than 42,000 jobs. It would also substantially increase rev-enue to State and local governments, providing increased funding for local priorities such as schools, roads, and bridges. 
I can speak firsthand to that because 
it would cross my home county, Jones County, in South Dakota. I can say the people in my home county see the op-portunity to generate revenues that would help support the local school dis-trict in an area of the State which is losing population and having a harder and harder time keeping the school open. 
The pipeline has bipartisan support 
in both Houses of Congress, and I am hopeful that the President will drop his inexplicable opposition and finally sign off on this job-creating project. 
Republicans also plan to take up the 
other job-creating measures that spent far too long languishing in the Demo-cratic-led Senate. The Obamacare tax on lifesaving devices, such as pace-makers and insulin pumps, has already had a negative impact on jobs and the medical device industry. At a time when our economy is still suffering from years of stagnation, repealing this tax is a no-brainer. I am confident we will have bipartisan support for this repeal, and I hope—I hope—the Presi-dent will sign it. 
Republicans also plan to repeal the 
Obamacare provision that changed the definition of full-time work from 40 hours per week to 30 hours per week. This provision is forcing businesses to reduce employees’ hours and wages and hire part-time rather than full-time workers in order to comply with the Obamacare requirements. Millions of Americans who want full-time work are currently stuck in part-time jobs because they can’t find anything else. The last thing the government should be doing is making it more difficult for employers to offer full-time positions. 
Another Obamacare position that is 
making it difficult for employers to hire is the employer mandate. Later 
today I will introduce a bill called the HIRE Act, which would make it easier for employers to hire new workers by exempting Americans who have been unemployed for more than 27 weeks from counting as employees for whom a tax penalty must be paid by the em-ployer under Obamacare’s employer mandate. 
In addition to passing job-creating 
legislation, the new Republican major-ity is committed to increasing congres-sional oversight. Executive branch agencies have been out of control under the Obama administration. The Presi-dent’s EPA alone has proposed billions of dollars’ worth of regulations that will have a catastrophic effect on our economy and eliminate tens of thou-sands of jobs, if not hundreds of thou-sands of jobs. Just one of these regula-tions—the backdoor national energy tax on coal-fired powerplants—would cause Americans’ energy prices to soar and destroy families’ livelihoods. 
In my State of South Dakota, house-
hold energy prices could increase by as much as 90 percent. South Dakotans with incomes below $50,000 a year al-ready spend one-fifth—one-fifth—of their aftertax income on residential and transportation energy costs, which is twice the national average, I might add. They can’t afford a 90-percent in-crease in their costs. 
What is more, this national energy 
tax will have almost no effect on our air quality. It would devastate commu-nities and drive up energy bills in this country for nothing. 
The EPA is far from the only Federal 
agency to have abused its power under the Obama administration. Take the Obama IRS, for example, which tar-geted organizations for extra scrutiny based on their members’ political be-liefs. It is past time for Congress to as-sert its oversight authority and check the executive branch’s overreach. 
While Republicans want to work with 
Democrats as much as possible, we will not hesitate to draw a bright line be-tween Democratic and Republican pri-orities. 
Republicans want to address some of 
the biggest challenges facing our econ-omy, to put our Nation on the path to long-term prosperity. That means doing things such as reforming our Tax Code, which is inefficient and bloated, making it simpler and fairer for fami-lies and businesses in this country. It also means reforming our regulatory system to eliminate inefficient and in-effective regulations that are discour-aging job growth. 
The Democratic-led Senate was pret-
ty dysfunctional. The minority party was largely shut out of the legislative process. Bills were frequently written behind closed doors. The committee process was largely defunct. Too often the Senate floor was a forum for par-tisan politicking rather than serious debate. What was the result? The voices of too many Americans got shut 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JA6.013 S07JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S36 January 7, 2015 
out of the process and the Senate ac-
complished next to nothing for the American people. 
Republicans intend to change all of 
that. Under Republican control, the Senate will return to regular order. That means bills will once again be de-bated and amended in the open, in com-mittee, before coming to the Senate floor. Once bills come to the floor, all Senators, regardless of party, will have the opportunity to offer amendments and to fully debate legislation before it comes to a vote. 
The American people deserve a Sen-
ate that works and Republicans intend to give it to them. The American peo-ple have spent a long time struggling in the Obama economy, but they are about to get some relief. Republicans are determined to pass solutions that will help create jobs, grow our econ-omy, and expand opportunities for American families. We hope—we hope— the Democrats in the Senate and the President will join us. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont. 
f 
IMPORTANT ISSUES FACING OUR 
COUNTRY 
Mr. SANDERS. Madam President, as 
we begin this new session, I think it is important for us to remember why we are here and what our job is as Sen-ators. What our job is, it seems to me, is to try to understand the needs of the American people, the problems facing our constituents, and propose real solu-tions to those problems. So before we get involved in all of the debates I know we are going to have, let me put on the floor what I believe—in hearing from the people of the State of Vermont—are some of the most impor-tant issues facing our country and the need for the Senate, the Congress, and the President to address those issues. 
First and foremost, to my mind, is 
the state of American democracy. We are a democracy, and men and women have fought and died to preserve Amer-ican democracy, which means the peo-ple of America—not kings, not queens, not an aristocracy but the people of this country—regardless of where they come from or their economic status, have the right to participate in the po-litical process, to elect their leaders and create the future they want for themselves and their kids. 
What is the status of American de-
mocracy today? We just came out of a midterm election where Republicans did very well. But I think it is impor-tant to understand that in that elec-tion—that national election—63 per-cent of the American people didn’t vote. Eighty percent of young people didn’t vote. The overwhelming major-ity of low-income and working people didn’t vote. 
There are a million reasons an indi-
vidual doesn’t vote, but my guess is that for many people they look at the political process and they say: Yes, my family is hurting. I am working longer 
hours for lower wages. My job went to China. My kid can’t afford to go to col-lege. I can’t afford health insurance. What are those people in Washington doing to protect my interest? Not much—not the Republicans, not the Democrats. I am hurting. What are they doing? People say: Hey, I don’t want to participate in this process. It doesn’t mean anything. I am not going to vote. 
I think another aspect about why 
people don’t vote is they turn on their TVs and they are bombarded with 30- second ugly television ads—often ads that come not even from the candidate but from people who do ‘‘independent expenditures.’’ As a result of the disas-trous Supreme Court decision on Citi-zens United, billionaires, corporations are now allowed to spend unlimited sums of money in a political process. If somebody is a billionaire, they can now spend hundreds and hundreds of mil-lions of dollars to destroy other can-didates or to elect the candidates they want. 
Is that truly what American democ-
racy is supposed to be about? Do we be-lieve that men and women fought and died for us so billionaires can elect candidates to protect the wealthy and the powerful? 
I would say at the very top of the 
agenda for this Congress should be a movement to overturn, through a con-stitutional amendment, this disastrous Supreme Court ruling on Citizens United. In my view, we should move to-ward public funding of elections so all of our people, regardless of their eco-nomic status, can participate in the po-litical process and run for office. 
I think the next issue we have to 
take a very hard look at is the 40-year decline of the American middle class. I know some of my Republican friends talk about what has happened under the Obama administration, and they are right in saying we are nowhere where we should be economically. No one debates that. But let us not forget where we were 6 years ago when George W. Bush left office. Everybody remem-bers where we were: 700,000 people a month—a month—were losing their jobs. 
People say: Hey, we are growing 
200,000 or 300,000 jobs a month now, not good enough. Right, it is not good enough, but growing 200,000 or 300,000 jobs a month is a heck of a lot better than losing 700,000 jobs a month. 
Our financial system—the U.S. and 
the world’s—was on the verge of finan-cial collapse. That is where we were when Bush left office. Now Wall Street is doing very well. 
In terms of our deficit, when Bush 
left office we had a $1.4 trillion deficit. Now that deficit is somewhere around $500 billion. Are we where we want to be? No. Are we better off than we were 6 years ago? Absolutely. 
But when we look at the middle class 
today, we understand the problems are not just the last 6 years or the last 12 years. The problems are what has been 
going on over the last 40 years. The fact is, we have millions of working people who are earning, in real infla-
tion-accounted dollars, substantially less than they were 40 years ago. 
How does it happen, when we are see-
ing an explosion in technology, when worker productivity has gone up, that the median male worker—that male worker right in the middle of the econ-omy—earns $783 less last year than he made 41 years ago? 
Look at why people are angry. That 
is why they are angry. In inflation-ac-counted-for dollars, the median male worker is making $783 less last year than he made 41 years ago. The median woman worker made $1,300 less last year than she made in 2007. 
Since 1999, the median middle-class 
family has seen its income go down by almost $5,000 after adjusting for infla-tion. So people all over this country look to Washington and they say: What is going on? You gave us this great global economy. You have all these great unfettered free-trade agreements. We have all this technology. Yes, I know the billionaires are getting rich-er, millionaires are getting richer, with 95 percent of all new income going to the top 1 percent. We have one family, the Walton family, now owning more wealth than the bottom 40 percent of Americans. Yes, the billionaires are doing great, but what is happening to me? 
What is happening to the middle 
class? The answer is, for a variety of reasons, in the last 40 years the middle class has shrunk significantly. Today we have more people living in poverty than at almost any other time in American history, and we have the highest rate of childhood poverty of any major country on Earth. 
So what do we do? What do we do to 
rebuild the middle class? What do we do to create the millions of decent-pay-ing jobs we need? Let me throw out a few suggestions that I hope in this ses-sion of Congress we will address. 
For a start, everybody in America 
understands our infrastructure is col-lapsing—no great secret. According to the American Society of Civil Engi-neers, nearly one-quarter of the Na-tion’s 600,000 bridges are structurally deficient or functionally obsolete, and more than 30 percent have exceeded their design life. 
What that means is that all over this 
country bridges are being shut down because they are dangerous and they need repair, almost one third of Amer-ica’s roads are in poor or mediocre con-dition, and 42 percent of major urban highways are congested. As we speak, in cities all over America people are backed up in traffic jams, burning fuel and wasting time because we don’t have proper infrastructure. The Amer-ican Society of Civil Engineers says we must invest $1.7 trillion by 2020—5 years—just to get our Nation’s roads, bridges, and transit to a state of good repair—more than four times the cur-rent rate of spending. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JA6.015 S07JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S37 January 7, 2015 
So what happens when we invest in 
infrastructure? I will introduce legisla-tion to invest $1 trillion in rebuilding our roads, bridges, water systems, wastewater plants, aquifers, older schools, and rail. When we do that, $1 trillion in infrastructure investment not only makes our country more pro-ductive and efficient, but it also cre-ates a substantial number of decent- paying jobs. A $1 trillion investment would maintain and create 13 million decent-paying jobs. The fastest way to create good-paying jobs is to rebuild our crumbling infrastructure. In my view, that should be a very, very high priority for this Congress. 
The second issue I think we need to 
address—and I understand there are differences of opinion on this issue. I think when our kids and our grand-children look back on this period and they look at an issue such as the Key-stone Pipeline, they will be saying: What were you people thinking about? How could you go forward in terms of 
increasing the exploration and produc-tion of some of the dirtiest oil on this planet when virtually all of the sci-entists were telling us that we have to substantially reduce carbon emissions and not increase carbon emissions? 
In my view, an important mission of 
this Congress is to listen to the science and the scientific community. They are telling us loudly and clearly that cli-mate change is real, climate change is caused by human activity, climate change is already causing devastating problems in America and around the world in terms of drought, in terms of flooding, in terms of extreme weather disturbances, and we have to transform our energy system away from fossil fuel and into energy efficiency, into weatherization, into wind, into solar, into geothermal, and into other sus-tainable energies. When we do that, we not only lead the world in reversing climate change, but we also create a significant number of jobs. 
In this last election, interestingly 
enough in some of the most conserv-ative States in America, voters voted to raise the minimum wage because they understand that a minimum wage of $7.25 an hour—here in Washington, DC, the Federal minimum wage—is lit-erally a starvation wage. No family, no individual can live on $7.25 an hour. I applaud all those fast food workers all over this country—people who work at McDonald’s and Burger King—for hav-ing the courage to go out on the streets and say: We have to raise the minimum wage. I applaud their courage in doing that, and I applaud the many States around this country, including the State of Vermont, who have raised the minimum wage. In my view, if someone works 40 hours a week, they should not be living in poverty. I hope that one of the major priorities in this Congress is to raise the minimum wage to a living wage. Over a period of years, I would raise that minimum wage to $15 an hour. 
It is also unacceptable that in Amer-
ica today women who do the same work as men earn 78 cents on the dollar 
compared to male workers. I think we have to address this discrimination, and we need to move forward with pay equity for women workers. 
When we talk about the decline of 
the American middle class and the fact that millions of workers are working longer hours for lower wages, when we talk about the fact that in the last 14 or so years this country has lost 60,000 factories and millions of good-paying manufacturing jobs—when we put that issue on the table, we begin the discus-sion which is long, long overdue about our trade policies. That is what we have to talk about. The truth of the matter is that from Republican leader-ship in the White House to Democratic leadership in the White House, there has been support for a number of trade policies which, when looking at the cold facts, have failed. NAFTA has failed. CAFTA has failed. Permanent Normal Trade Relations with China— PNTR—has failed. Over the last 30 years, Republican Presidents and Democratic Presidents have continued to push unfettered free trade agree-ments which say to American workers: Guess what. You are now going to be competing against somebody in China who makes $1.50 an hour. If you don’t like it, we are going to move our plant to China. 
And many companies have done ex-
actly that. Do we think that is fair? Do we think that is right? I don’t. 
We are going to be coming up with 
the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade agreement, TPP. Without going into great detail at this point, I have very, very serious problems with that agree-ment. In terms of the process, no Mem-ber of this Congress has been able to walk into the office where these docu-ments—highly complicated legal docu-ments—are held, bring staff in there, and copy the information. We are not allowed to do that, but we are supposed to vote on a fast-track agreement to give the President the authority to ne-gotiate that agreement. It doesn’t make a lot of sense to me. 
So I hope we use the TPP as an op-
portunity to rethink our trade agree-ments. Trade is a good thing, but American workers should not suffer from unfettered free trade. Trade should be used to benefit the middle class and working families of this country and not just the multinational corporations. 
We live in a highly competitive glob-
al economy. Everybody understands that. I think we also understand that our young people are not going to do well and our economy does not do well unless our people have the education they need to effectively compete in this global economy. It saddens me to note that a number of years ago the United States of America led the world in terms of the percentage of people who had college degrees. We were num-ber one. Today we are number 12. The reason is that the cost of college has soared at the same time that the in-come of many middle-class and work-
ing-class people has declined. We are in a position now where hundreds of thou-sands of young people thinking about their future look at the cost of college, look at the debt they will incur when they leave college, and they are saying: I don’t want to go to college. I am not going to go to college. I am not going to get post-high school education. That is a very bad thing for this country. It is a bad thing for our economy. We should put high up on the agenda the issue of how in America all of our peo-ple, regardless of the income of their families, can get the education they need without going deeply in debt. This issue of college indebtedness is a hor-ror. 
I remember a few months ago talking 
to a young woman in Burlington, VT, who left medical school $300,000 in debt. Her crime was that she wanted to be-come a doctor and work with low-in-come people. She shouldn’t be punished with a debt of $300,000. Other people are graduating college $50,000 in debt. And graduate school—we have attorneys in my office who have a debt of over $100,000. We can do better than that as a nation. 
Those are some of the issues. There 
are others out there. But I think what is most important is that we try to lis-ten to where the American people are today—to the pain of a declining mid-dle-class, to single moms desperately struggling to raise their kids with dig-nity, to older people trying to retire with a shred of dignity. 
On that issue, let me be very clear. If 
there is an attempt going to be made here in the Senate to cut Social Secu-rity or to cut Medicare, there will be at least one Senator fighting vigorously on that. Poverty among seniors is going up. Millions of seniors in this country are trying to make it on $12,000, $13,000, $14,000 a year. The last thing we should be talking about is cutting Social Security. In fact, we should be talking about expanding So-cial Security. 
There are a lot of issues out there. I 
hope we don’t get lost in the weeds. I hope we focus on those issues that are major concerns to the American peo-ple. I hope very much that we have the courage to stand up to the very, very wealthy campaign contributors and their lobbyists who have enormous in-fluence over what takes place here, and that we in fact represent the people who sent us here who are overwhelm-ingly middle-class and working-class people. 
Madam President, I yield the floor, 
and I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The assistant legislative clerk pro-
ceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
F
LAKE ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JA6.017 S07JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S38 January 7, 2015 
KEYSTONE XL PIPELINE 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, under 
the direction of our new majority lead-er, the Senator from Kentucky, we have been entrusted with a great op-portunity to lead this new Congress— the 114th Congress—and it is a great honor. Maybe people assume that to be the case, but it is always a good idea to express it out loud and to say how grateful we are for the opportunity to be able to lead the 114th Congress and serve in the majority in the Senate. 
It is also important to say we ap-
proach this opportunity with great hu-mility—not just with humility but with also a determination and a com-mitment to address the top priorities of the American people. If there is one issue I heard about from my constitu-ents in Texas during my reelection campaign, which concluded on Novem-ber 4, it is: Why can’t you guys and gals get things done? How come you can’t address the problems that con-front the American people? By and large, at the top of that list were jobs and stagnant wages, part-time work when people want to work full-time. They were kitchen table, bread-and- butter sorts of issues. 
Now we have an opportunity starting 
this week to address one of those prior-ities, which is creating jobs with the 
approval of the Keystone XL Pipeline. The Keystone XL Pipeline is important for a lot of reasons, one of which is job creation. It obviously transports oil from Canada through the United States, bypassing the delivery of this oil in railcars, which has been the sub-ject of some news reports when some of them have gone off-rail and created some accidents. The oil ends up in Southeast Texas, where we have a lot of refineries which create a lot of jobs but where that crude oil will then be refined into gasoline and jet fuel and other refined products. 
This is also important because this is 
a supply of oil from a friendly neigh-bor, Canada—one of our closest allies— and reduces our dependence on oil from parts of the world that aren’t quite as stable certainly as Canada is. So it is important from a jobs perspective. It is important from a geopolitical perspec-tive and a national security perspec-tive as well. 
I went back and looked and noted 
that the President actually formed a Jobs Council during his first term in office. The job of the members of the council was to put their heads together and provide strategic advice on ways to boost the economy. This is the Presi-dent’s Jobs Council that he created during the first term of his Presidency. The group’s main homework assign-ment was to produce this framework for job creation and enhance national competitiveness. In fact, they produced something entitled ‘‘Road Map to Re-newal.’’ I haven’t Googled that or Binged it or put it in a search engine, but I bet if anybody who happens to be listening is interested, they could type that into a search engine on the Inter-net—the ‘‘Road Map to Renewal’’—and 
find out all they want to know about it. It includes a number of specific and practical recommendations for action. 
One of those recommendations to the 
President was to ‘‘optimize all of the nation’s natural resources and con-struct pathways (pipelines, trans-mission and distribution) to deliver electricity and fuel.’’ 
That would seem to be right in the 
wheelhouse of the Keystone XL Pipe-line. 
The report added that regulatory and 
‘‘permitting obstacles that could threaten the development of some en-ergy projects, negatively impact jobs and weaken our energy infrastructure need to be addressed.’’ So the Presi-dent’s own Jobs Council recognized that the key to America’s energy secu-rity is to focus on America’s energy de-velopment, including the transmission lines and pipelines by which this nat-ural resource is transported. 
I know perhaps coming from an en-
ergy State such as Texas we are per-haps a lot more familiar with the pipe-lines and the oil and gas industry be-cause it creates so many jobs and so much prosperity in my State, but some people are a little apprehensive about the idea of a pipeline going under the ground. I invite them to again type into their favorite search engine on the Internet ‘‘oil and gas pipelines’’ and look at the map that pops up. It is as-tonishing how many existing pipelines exist in the United States today. I bet 98 percent of Americans don’t even know they exist. Maybe that is too high; maybe it is 95 percent. So this is a safe and efficient and effective way of transporting these natural resources all around the United States. Obvi-ously, if they are transported by pipe-line, they don’t have to be transported by railcar, including through some pop-ulated parts of our country, and sub-jected to some of the accidents we have read and heard so much about. These underground pipelines are a fairly com-mon reality in our country, which leads me to be absolutely mystified at the resistance from some on the other side of the aisle and in the White House to doing what should be in our self-in-terests, which should be something that addresses one of the most impor-tant things the American people care about, which is jobs, and the other thing they care an awful lot about, which is security and reducing our de-pendence on imported energy from the Middle East. 
That was 3 years ago last month that 
the President’s Jobs Council made this recommendation. Then there is last month, when the President said this: ‘‘I’m being absolutely sincere when I say I want to work with this new Con-gress to get things done.’’ 
Hearing that was like music to my 
ears and I think to a lot of people, to have the President say he wants to work with the Congress, even though Republicans won the majority in the House and in the Senate. So imagine my confusion and the confusion on the 
part of so many Americans when yes-terday the White House Press Sec-retary said the President would veto any legislative approval of the Key-stone XL Pipeline. 
Think about the timing of that state-
ment. We had an election on November 4, we had the new Congress sworn in yesterday, the President said a month ago he wanted to work with the Con-gress, and then the first day of the Con-
gress, before the legislation was even filed much less voted out of committee and brought to the floor, the President said: If you pass that, I am going to veto it. I am probably not the only one who is confused by the contradiction. 
We know this pipeline would produce 
thousands of well-paying jobs and would enhance the supply of energy from a close ally and neighbor, as I said earlier. 
So the President issued a veto threat 
on the day the new Congress was sworn in, and it is clear to me that notwith-standing the President’s previous statements, he is either confused or he has changed his mind about cooper-ating with the Congress. I hope he meant what he said when he said he would work with us to try to address the concerns of middle-class families when it comes to jobs and help grow the economy and help America prosper. But I am here to say that Republicans who now have the honor and responsi-bility of serving as the majority in the Senate and in the House did listen. We heard the message delivered to us by the voters on November 4. We know they don’t want more bickering. They don’t want more dysfunction. The American people, including my con-stituents in Texas, want results. They want jobs. They want full-time, not just part-time work, and they want the security that would come with legisla-tion such as this that we are consid-ering today. 
That is why this week our new ma-
jority leader, the senior Senator from Kentucky, Mr. M
CCONNELL , has decided 
we will take up this energy project as job No. 1. This is bipartisan legislation. I was watching TV this morning, I think with the Presiding Officer, and we were together and saw that Senator M
ANCHIN from West Virginia and Sen-
ator H OEVEN from North Dakota were 
appearing on a morning TV show talk-ing about the importance of this legis-lation, and they estimate they have as many as 63 votes in the Senate, which by definition is a bipartisan majority, to pass this legislation. 
This place can be pretty confusing at 
different times, and I am perplexed why the same President who said he wants to work with us is issuing pre-mature veto threats, even though there is a bipartisan majority for this legis-lation. 
Again, the President said he is for an 
‘‘all of the above’’ approach to take care of our energy future. If that is true, then this should be a part of that approach. He has acknowledged the im-portant connection between job growth 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JA6.019 S07JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S39 January 7, 2015 
and energy development. If there is a 
poster child for the role that the en-ergy sector can play in growing the economy, it is my State. Texas is a State where we are quite familiar with the oil and gas industry. We are not just sold on oil and gas because we do produce the most electricity from wind turbine of anywhere in the country. We are truly an ‘‘all of the above’’ State. But after years of anemic economic growth and the lowest workforce par-ticipation in four decades, does the President of the United States think this is an inconsequential piece of leg-islation? Why does he not work with us as opposed to remaining an obstruction to real progress the American people are crying out for? 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island. 
f 
CLIMATE CHANGE 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, 
this is my first ‘‘Time to Wake Up’’ speech in the Senate as a Member of the minority. Being in the minority will give me the opportunity, for the first time, to use the tools uniquely available to Members of the Senate mi-nority. On the issue of climate change, which is affecting all of our States but particularly Rhode Island, I intend to use those tools politely and persist-ently. 
We have just left a period of partisan-
ship and obstruction by the minority unique in the Senate’s history. I do not intend to return us to those days. My intent is to enliven the Senate and see to it that it does its duty, that we as Senators do our duty to our fellow Americans. My intent is not to block-ade and degrade this great institution with obstruction for the sake of ob-struction. My goal, in short, is Senate action, not Senate inaction. 
Pope Francis recently spoke to the 
world about mankind’s care of God’s creation. He warned us against what he called negligence and inaction. I hope to be a constant spur in the Senate against negligence and inaction, spe-cifically the negligence and inaction that is our present Senate standard of care for God’s Earth. 
I know that powerful forces of neg-
ligence and inaction are arrayed against us. I know the Supreme Court’s reckless and shameful decision in the Citizens United case has empowered those forces as never before. I know there has resulted an unprecedented campaign by polluting interests of po-litical spending and threats. It is plain to see that the polluters’ campaign has, for now at least, silenced meaning-ful bipartisan debate about carbon pol-lution. We can line up the Citizens United decision and the silence almost exactly. Coal and oil interests are en-joying massive economic subsidies— massive subsidies—and similar to any special interest, they will fight to pro-tect those special benefits. But it can’t last. It can’t last. My confidence is strong because our American democ-
racy is ultimately founded in the will of the American people, and the Amer-ican people understand the need to end our days of negligence and inaction. They want us to run the blockade that polluters have built around Congress. 
Polling shows this. More than 80 per-
cent of Americans say they see climate change happening right around them. Two-thirds say they would pay more for electricity if it would help solve this problem. Among Independents, that is 64 percent. 
Even among young Republicans, vot-
ers get it—young voters, anyway. Under the age of 35, most Republican voters, according to polls, think that climate denial is ignorant, out of touch or crazy. Those are the words from the poll. Under 50 years of age, a majority of Republicans and Republican-leaning Independents support action against climate change. Among all Republicans of all ages, fully half support restric-tions on carbon dioxide, and nearly half think the United States should lead the fight. 
Trusted American institutions get it, 
too—from the Joint Chiefs of Staff of our military services to the U.S. Con-ference of Catholic Bishops, from all of America’s major scientific societies to the experts we trust day in and day out at NOAA and at NASA, and from the leaders of America’s corporate commu-nity—Walmart and Target, Apple and Google, Ford and GM, Mars and Nestle USA, Alcoa and Starbucks, Coke and Pepsi. From all of them and from many other respected voices comes the mes-sage that climate change is a serious threat. I have confidence that Congress will soon have to heed their voices. 
We might mention the recent agree-
ment in Lima where 194 countries all agreed to carbon reductions. Does the Republican Party in the United States of America really want to be aligned with Vladimir Putin, the great inter-national climate denier? 
My confidence also comes from ne-
cessity. This simply must be done. Our human species developed on this earth in a climate window that has always been between 170 and 300 parts per mil-lion of carbon dioxide in the atmos-phere—always. For as long as human kind has been here on Earth, carbon concentration has wobbled up and down but always within that range— through our entire history, going back a million and probably more years. We have now rocketed outside that range and broken 400 parts per million, a con-dition on Earth that is a first, again, in millions of years. 
Our oceans, as a result, are acidifying 
measurably at a rate unprecedented in the life of our species. One has to go back into distant geologic time to find anything similar. If you go back that far and look at what the geologic record tells us about what life was like on the planet in those primal eras, it presents a daunting prospect. 
The scientific warnings about what 
this means are now starting to be matched in our experience with unprec-
edented rain bursts and droughts, wildfires and heat seasons, sea levels and ocean temperatures. In the tropic seas, coral reefs are dying off at star-tling rates; in the Arctic seas, sea ice is vanishing at levels never recorded until now. Everywhere the oceans shout a warning to those who will listen. 
Rhode Island, as a coastal State, as the Ocean State, is particularly hard hit. We get the land problems such as the rain bursts heavily associated with cli-mate change, which in 2010 brought un-precedented flooding along our historic rivers. We have the sea level rise. It is expected now to be several feet by the end of the century—by a warming sea that has also disturbed our fisheries and distressed our fishing economy. ‘‘It is not my grandfather’s ocean out there,’’ as one commercial fisherman told me. 
This only goes one way. There is no 
theory of how this magically gets bet-ter on its own. Every theory—and now most observations—all point to all this getting worse and perhaps very badly worse. The time for negligence and in-action has passed. 
In the Senate we need to begin a con-
versation about this. We have to begin at the beginning. We have to agree on a baseline of facts, principles, and laws of nature that can then inform our judgments about what to do. I do not think it is asking too much of the new majority in the Senate to begin an honest conversation about carbon diox-ide and climate change. I don’t think that it is too much to ask the new ma-jority in the Senate that we undertake this conversation in a serious and re-sponsible manner. I do not think that is extreme or unreasonable. We need to begin at the beginning in this con-versation, and I will make every effort to see to it that we begin. But even as we begin, we can keep the end in sight. That end is a world where polluters pay the costs of their pollution. That in turn creates a world where market forces work properly in our energy markets. The end is a world where it is America that seizes the economic promise of these new energy tech-nologies, where we are builders—not buyers—of the energy devices of the fu-ture. The end is a world that turns back from the brink of a plainly fore-seeable risk where the consequences of negligence and inaction could well be dire for us and for the generations that follow us. 
In sum, we in this Senate have a duty 
before us, and negligence and inaction will not meet what that duty demands. For those of you with a coal economy or an oil economy in your States, I un-derstand and I want to work with you. There are answers to be found. But please, do not pretend that this prob-lem doesn’t exist. That is false and un-acceptable. 
I must, on behalf of my State and on 
behalf of our future, insist that we in the Senate meet our duty, even under this new Senate majority—and I will. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JA6.020 S07JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S40 January 7, 2015 
I yield the floor, and I thank the Pre-
siding Officer for his patience. 
f 
RECESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate stands in recess until 2:15 p.m. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 12:25 p.m. 
recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassem-bled when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. C
OATS ). 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the time until 3:15 p.m. will be controlled by Senator H
OEVEN or his designee. 
The Senator from North Dakota. Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to be able to en-gage in a colloquy until 3:15 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
KEYSTONE XL PIPELINE 
Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, along 
with Senator J OEMANCHIN —and actu-
ally a total of 60 sponsors—I have filed S. 1, which is the Keystone approval bill. It is a very simple, straight-forward bill. This is legislation we have seen before in this body. What it does, under the commerce clause of the Con-stitution, is authorize Congress to ap-prove the Keystone XL Pipeline project. 
I have this map in the Chamber to 
show you the project. It runs from Hardisty in Alberta, Canada, all the way down to our refineries in Texas along the gulf coast. 
This project will move 830,000 barrels 
of oil a day. Some of that will be oil from Canada. Some of that will be do-mestic oil from the Bakken region in Montana and North Dakota. 
This is part of building the infra-
structure so we can build a comprehen-sive energy plan for our country. We are producing more and more oil and gas in our country from shale from places such as the Bakken in North Da-kota and Montana, the Eagle Ford in Texas, natural gas from places such as the Barnett and the Marcellus in New York, Pennsylvania, and Ohio. 
What we are working toward is— 
some people refer to it as energy inde-pendence, but really energy security for our country. 
What does that mean? It means we 
produce more energy than we consume. Obviously, energy has a global market. The market for energy is a global mar-ket. We know that. The market for oil and gas is a global market. 
But the point is, working together 
with our closest friend and ally, Can-ada, we can have North American en-ergy security where we produce more energy than we consume. 
Why is that important? That is im-
portant because it is about creating jobs. It is important because it is about economic growth. It is important be-cause it is a national security issue. 
Why do we continue to rely on oil 
from the Middle East? Why are we con-tinuing to send dollars to the Middle 
East where you have—look at what happened in Paris today with an attack by Islamic extremists. One of the ways we fight back, one of the ways we push back is we take control of our own en-ergy destiny. We can do it. We are doing it. Why are gas prices lower today at the pump? Is it because OPEC decided to give us a Christmas present? I do not think so. It is because we are producing far more energy than we ever have before. But to continue to produce that energy, we have to have the infrastructure to move that energy from where it is produced to were it is consumed. That means pipelines. That means roads. That means rail. For electricity, that means transmission. But we cannot have an energy plan for this country that really works without the infrastructure to move that energy safely and effectively. That is what this project is all about. 
So why are we here talking about it 
today? It seems like a pretty straight-forward proposition. After all, I think there are something like 19 different pipelines that cross the border. In fact, there are millions of miles of pipelines in this country. Here is a map I have in the Chamber of just some of them. We have millions of miles of pipeline in this country. A lot of them, as you can see, cross the border. 
So why are we standing here today 
talking about another pipeline project? Because for the past 6 years—for the past 6 years—the administration has held this project up. They keep saying: There is a process. As a matter of fact, Josh Earnest, just yesterday, said: Oh, we have a process. Congress should not intervene in the Keystone XL Pipeline approval issue because there is a proc-ess. Really, Mr. President, there is a process? Let’s see. The TransCanada company filed application to build the Keystone XL Pipeline in September of 2008—September 2008. If you do the math, that is more than 6 years ago. And there is a process somehow to get to a conclusion? 
So that company, which has invested 
hundreds of millions already, wants to build, ultimately, an $8.9 million project that will move 830,000 barrels of oil a day. And here they are 6 years later still waiting for approval. That is why today we are asking Congress to step forward and do what the American people want. 
Keystone is not a new issue. The 
American people understand this issue. Poll after poll shows the American peo-ple, by a margin of about 70 percent to 20-some percent, support this project. Whom do we work for? We work for the people of this great country, and 70 percent of the people of this great country say: Approve the project. After 6 long years, where all of the require-ments have been met, approve the project. 
But the President, of course, con-
tinues to hold it up, and even yester-day issued a veto threat. Why? Why is he wanting to threaten a veto on a project that 70 percent of the American 
people support? It is really hard to un-derstand, isn’t it? Because every time an objection comes up, we have worked to address that objection. 
When there was an objection on the 
route, the company rerouted. So the President says: Well, it is an environ-mental concern. He says: Well, it is an environmental concern. Really? An en-vironmental concern? 
This is what his own study found. 
After 6 years of study, the State De-partment, in multiple environmental impact statements—three draft state-ments and two final environmental im-pact statements—this is what they found: no significant environmental impact, according to the U.S. State De-partment environmental impact state-ments. 
That is not something I did. That is 
not something the company did. That is something the Obama administra-tion did—repeatedly—and came to the same conclusion: no significant envi-ronmental impact. In fact, if you do not build the pipeline, you have to move that oil with 1,400 railcars a day. 
Now, Canada is going to produce the 
energy. North Dakota, Montana, other States, are going to continue to produce the energy. So that energy is going to move. The question is, how and where? If we cannot build the pipe-line, then it has to go by railcar. So do we really want 1,400 railcars a day moving that product around or do we want it to move more safely, more cost-effectively, with better environ-mental stewardship through a pipeline? Common sense. 
Then there is this idea somehow: 
Well, Canada is not going to produce that oil if they do not have a pipeline. Wrong. They will move it by rail, and they will build other pipelines. Here are several that are already in the planning stages, as shown on this map. They will move it to the East Coast to refineries they have there or they will send it west and it will go to China. 
Now, does that make sense? It does 
not make sense to the American pub-lic, which is why the American public wants to work with Canada as well as produce energy in our country to be-come energy secure. The idea that we would say no to our closest friend and ally, Canada: We are not going to work with you, we are going to continue to buy oil from the Middle East, and we are going to have you send your oil to China, makes no sense to the American people. And it should not. It should not. That is why they overwhelmingly support this project. 
So here we are. We are starting the 
new Congress. I think, very clearly, in the last election, the people said: We support this project. You saw it time after time with candidate after can-didate who supported this project who won their election. But on an even big-ger issue, an even bigger message, the people of this great country said: We want the Congress to work together in a bipartisan way to get things done. We 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JA6.022 S07JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S41 January 7, 2015 
want the Congress to work together in 
a bipartisan way to get things done. 
So here we have legislation that has 
passed the House repeatedly with a bi-partisan majority. Here we have legis-lation that has bipartisan support in this body. Here we have legislation that the American people overwhelm-ingly support, after clearly giving the message in the last election that they want us working together to get work done, and the President issues a veto message right out of the gates. Why? For whom? Whom is he working for? 
So it is incumbent upon us to work 
together in a bipartisan way to get this legislation passed. The way we are ap-proaching it—and I see my good friend and colleague from the great State of West Virginia is here. I want to thank him and turn to him, but I want to do it in the form of a question. 
It was my very clear sense from the 
last election—and I think the very clear sense that we all got from the last election—that they want to see Congress working together in a bipar-tisan way, in an open process to get the important work of this country done. 
So with this legislation, it is not just 
that it is about important energy in-frastructure. It is also that we want to return to regular order in this body, offer an open amendment process, allow people to bring forward their amendments, offer those amendments, debate them, and get a vote on those amendments. If they have amendments that can add to and improve this legis-lation, great, let’s have that process. Let’s have that debate. Let’s have those votes. Let’s make this bill as good as we can possibly make it. Then the President needs to work with us. The President needs to meet us half-way and get this done for the American people. 
So I would like to turn to my good 
colleague from the great State of West Virginia and say: Aren’t we doing all we can here to try to make sure we are approaching this in a bipartisan way with an open, transparent process to try to build support for this legisla-tion? 
Mr. MANCHIN. I say to the Senator, 
he is absolutely correct. I thank him for this opportunity not only to work with him but also to bring the facts forward. 
We have heard many times: We are 
all entitled to our own opinions, we are just not entitled to our own facts. If you start looking at what we are con-suming today in America, at last count 7 million barrels of crude oil is pur-chased every day in America from other countries—7 million barrels of crude a day. So this line would possibly furnish 830,000 barrels of that depend-ency that we have. 
Let’s look and see where it comes 
from right now. Mr. President, 2.5 mil-lion barrels we are already purchasing from Canada—our best, greatest ally 
we could possibly have; the best trad-ing partner and the No. 1 trading part-ner that 35 of the 50 States have. So it is not an unknown there. But let’s look at where we are pur-
chasing some of the rest of the oil from. We purchase 755,000 barrels of heavy crude a day from Venezuela. Let’s look at Venezuela, where it is an authoritarian regime. It impoverishes its citizens. It violates their human rights. It shows its willingness to put down political protests with horrific vi-olence. 
We also purchase 1.3 million barrels a 
day from Saudi Arabia. We all have our concerns about Saudi Arabia and a lot of the money we follow goes into the wrong hands. Forty-two thousand bar-rels a day from Russia—from Russia. We know their intent and what they have been doing with their energy pol-icy. Their regime has invaded its neighbors and they armed pro-Russian separatists in Ukraine. 
So when we start looking at what we 
are doing, those are the facts. This is not just hearsay. It is not just rumors. These are facts. We purchase 7 million barrels. When I first was approached on this 4 years ago when I came to the Senate, they said: What do you think about the Keystone Pipeline that will be bringing oil from Canada into Amer-ica? 
I said: Where I come from in West 
Virginia it is pretty common sense. We would rather buy from our friends than our enemies. I would rather support my friends, my allies, my trading partners more so than I would the enemies who use anything I buy from them—the money they receive from that product that I buy from them and use it against me. 
It is pretty common sense, not real 
complicated. I know everybody is try-ing to make this complicated. Also, they talk about—we just had a caucus talking about what would happen to the oil. I know the Senator has been watching this very closely. But they said the Keystone Pipeline will strictly be just an avenue and a vehicle for ex-porting this oil out. They are just going to use America to bring that oil through. 
We checked into that a little bit fur-
ther. That is not true. Even the Wash-ington Post gave it three Pinocchios that said it was untrue. We found out, basically, the crude oil from Canada is expected to be mixed with the domestic oil from the Bakkens, from the Sen-ator’s region, North Dakota, and that the Canadian oil is a heavier crude, similar to Venezuelan oil. It will be mixed with the light crude from the Bakkens, which enables it to flow much easier and be produced. Once it commingles, this oil is basically Amer-ican oil. It lives and dies and basically is marketed with the policies of the United States of America. Our policy is not to export crude oil. 
So I do not know why people are 
using this argument and scaring people that we will get no benefit. Then we talked about the jobs. They said there is not that many jobs. In West Vir-ginia, you give us 42,000 jobs. We would be very appreciative. We will thank you. These are all high-paying jobs. 
They said: Well, they are only contract jobs. 
But yet I hear everybody talking, Re-
publicans and Democrats, about build-ing roads and building bridges. Those are also seasonal types of jobs. Those are also contracting jobs. They are not permanent jobs, but we are tickled to death to get them. That is the whole trade union. All the unions that I know of are supportive of this piece of legis-lation. Every working man and woman whom we keep talking about who sup-ports themselves and their family sup-ports this legislation. 
Why we are running into such a road-
block I have no idea. Then when we put the map up—the other map we had. I said: When I first heard about this pipeline, I thought it was an anomaly that we did not have many pipelines in America. Then we put up this map. This is what we have in America today. So this is not foreign to any of us in any State we have pipelines, many in West Virginia and all through this country. 
Then we look at public support. We 
think: Here we are Democrats and Re-publicans. We look at the polls, and we live and die by the polls, they tell us, or we should. But the bottom line is that if we do believe in the polls, this has been a consistent poll. It has not varied for over 5 years. We have not seen the numbers fluctuate that much. 
Overwhelmingly, we have Americans 
in all aspects of the political realm— whether you are a Democrat, Repub-lican or an Independent—who over-whelmingly support this pipeline. So I cannot see the objections to it. I was very disappointed when the President said he would veto it—or the White House once we said we would go through this process. 
I think the Senator and I talked 
about this. We thought this is going to be an open process. I was encouraged by my colleagues on the Democratic side who have some good amendments, I believe, that should be considered and I believe would pass and enhance the bill. We only need four more—four more Senators on my side of the aisle who can see the benefit of a good bill, a good process with good amendments to strengthen this bill, to put us in a position that is veto-proof. 
That should be our goal. Basically, 
we should not be deterred by the White House or the President saying already that they are going to veto this bill. Let’s see if we can make this bill so good that when we are finished with this product and this process 2 or 3 weeks from now, we will have a prod-uct that basically we are all proud of, that the American people are proud of and will support, and maybe, just maybe, the White House will change its mind. 
I am hopeful for that. I appreciate all 
the effort and work. We are working very well together. At last count, we had nine Democrats working with our Republican colleagues. That puts us at 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JA6.024 S07JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S42 January 7, 2015 
63. I am hopeful to get four more at 
least that will look at the virtues of this and the assets and what it will do for our country. 
My main goal is this: Energy inde-
pendence makes a secured and pro-tected Nation. Anytime we do not have to depend on oil coming from other parts of the world—and the resources we give them when we purchase their product, they use those resources against us time after time again. We can see now, with the oil prices dip-ping, the benefits the consumers in America receive, the strength that gives our country. 
I am so thankful for that, that we are 
getting a break. I think we can con-tinue to make that happen for many years to come if we are able to be smart strategically in what we do today. I think the Senator spoke about the environment. He might want to touch on that again. But most of this oil is being produced now, some way or another, and it is also getting trans-ported in different ways and means. 
The bottom line is there is no signifi-
cant environmental impact. I think the State Department has even done five studies that show that to be true. I said also 2.5 million barrels a day are being purchased from Canada today. Refin-eries in Illinois are now refining this product. They said we should not do it. We have been doing it for quite some time. We are using this product. With technology we are using it better. It has helped us be more independent of foreign oil. 
That is No. 1, the security of our Na-
tion. Being an American, and for West Virginians, the security of our Nation is first and foremost what we support. That is why I think we see a tremen-dous amount of people from the Moun-tain State, I say to the Senator, who support this piece of legislation. 
We are going to work diligently. We 
have a long way to go, but I think the facts are on our side. We are all enti-tled to our opinions, but we cannot change the facts. 
Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I would 
like to thank the Senator from West Virginia not only for his support on this project but for his willingness to work hard, to work together to find bi-partisan solutions, whether it is this legislation or other legislation. That is what it is incumbent upon us to do. It is not easy, but we have to be willing to engage in the hard work it takes to get to this legislation, to get these so-lutions in place for the American peo-ple. 
I again thank the Senator for his 
leadership. I look forward to con-tinuing to work with the Senator and our colleagues on both sides of the aisle to come to good solutions. That is what this effort is all about. 
I want to turn to the Senator from 
the State of Montana. The pipeline project goes right through his State. Here is somebody who has dealt with the issue on the House side of Congress and who has the project in his home State. So he is talking on behalf of peo-
ple where the pipeline is right there. 
I would like to turn to him and ask: 
What are the people in Montana say-ing? It is fine for somebody far re-moved from a project to say I am OK or I am not OK with it, but how about the people who are right there on the site? They are directly affected. Tell us what is the sense in the Senator’s home State? What is the Senator hearing when he talks to people? 
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ap-
plaud, first of all, the Senator from North Dakota for his leadership on this most important issue and his commit-ment to making it a priority for this Senate, the first bill introduced into this Senate. I also applaud the Senator from West Virginia; one example of, as we sit in this Chamber today, Repub-licans and Democrats discussing and supporting the Keystone XL Pipeline. 
I reiterate many of the comments ex-
pressed by my colleagues and convey the importance of this pipeline, be-cause as the Senator from North Da-kota mentioned and showed on his map, the very first State the Keystone Pipeline enters as it comes from Can-ada is the State of Montana. Let me tell you something. It is not just a pipeline. This is also changing the way of life and economic stimulus for our great State. 
I spend a lot of time traveling around 
the State in my pickup. As I drive around Eastern Montana, where the Keystone Pipeline will travel, I recog-nize this is a lifeline for many of our rural communities. In fact, Circle, MT—Circle, MT, is a small town of around 600 people. It is located in McCone County. It is one of six Mon-tana counties that the Keystone XL Pipeline will run through. Circle, simi-lar to a lot of small communities in Montana, has experienced the same economic and population declines that other towns have faced in recent years. 
In fact, the county has significant in-
frastructure needs that have gone un-resolved in the wake of a shrinking tax base. For towns such as Circle, the Keystone XL Pipeline is not just about energy. It represents economic oppor-tunity and hope for the future. You see, McCone County alone would see $18 million in property tax revenue from the Keystone Pipeline construction. That is just in the pipeline’s first year of operation. That is money for neigh-borhoods. It is money for roads, not to mention the influx of jobs for the area. 
Another $45 million would be distrib-
uted among five other Montana coun-ties, and $16 million would go to Mon-tana’s schools and university systems. You see, the Keystone XL Pipeline means lower energy costs for Montana families, for our senior citizens, and for small businesses. 
In Glasgow, MT—I remember trav-
eling in my pickup into Glasgow. I met with the NorVal Electric Co-op. They told me that if the Keystone Pipeline is approved, they will hold electric rates flat for their customers for the next 10 years. That is several thousand Mon-
tana families up in the northeast part of our State. 
The reason for that is because they 
will supply electricity to these pump stations on the Keystone Pipeline. If the Keystone Pipeline is not approved, those ratepayers will see an approxi-mate 40-percent increase in their util-ity rates over the next 10 years. That is a potential increase of $480 per year for the average household in Montana. 
As the Senator from North Dakota 
mentioned, 100,000 barrels a day of the oil traveling through the Keystone Pipeline will be Montana and North Dakota oil. That supports the Bakken formation. With the revolution of hy-draulic fracturing, what it is creating now is lower gas prices at the pump today. 
Montanans know this pipeline is not 
just a lofty idea or some kind of DC- based rhetoric. It is hope for the people of my State. It is a tangible result and a solution that Montanans deserve. I have to tell you, that is why it is so disappointing that once again we are seeing the President and some Senate Democrats playing political games and perpetuating the 6 years of gridlock that have held back this job-creating project. 
Rather than putting the American 
people first, the President has threat-ened to refuse the people of Montana their right to determine their eco-nomic future. It took the Canadians just 7 months to approve their end of the Keystone Pipeline. It has taken this President more than 6 years. That is 6 years without the hundreds of good-paying jobs that will be created in Montana and thousands more across the Nation. 
That is 6 years without millions of 
dollars in critical revenue for Montana schools, for infrastructure, for teach-ers. That is 6 years without the an-swers and actions that Montanans de-serve. I think the pipeline checks every box of common sense. It is environ-mentally sound, it creates jobs, it is economic opportunity, and it is going to help us move toward North Amer-ican energy independence. 
So the question is: Why are we still 
waiting? The people of Montana, the people of this country have said they have had enough. That is why we are here today speaking in support of this important project. I am proud the Sen-ate is taking steps to move forward with the Keystone XL Pipeline. I know the House intends to do the same shortly. President Obama can continue to obstruct progress on American jobs and American energy independence, but the American people have sent a strong message that they are ready to remove any roadblocks that President Obama intends to put in the way. 
The time for partisanship, the time 
for political games is over. It is time the Congress and this government gets to work for the American people and starts getting results for this country. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JA6.025 S07JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S43 January 7, 2015 
The polls are clear. Sixty-seven per-
cent of the American people want the Keystone Pipeline approved. 
Seventy-five percent of Montanans 
want the Keystone Pipeline approved. Prior to serving in Congress, I spent 28 years in the private sector, where we were focused on getting results in the real world. It seems only in DC are we outside of the real world of doing some-thing and getting results on behalf of the American people. That starts with approving the Keystone XL Pipeline. 
Mr. HOEVEN. I would like to thank 
the Senator from Montana again. We are hearing from somebody who is there, who is talking to people, where this project is going to be located, one of the States it would pass through. I thank the Senator for his perspective and for his hard work and commend him for being here and for his contin-ued efforts not only to work with our caucus but to reach out to the Demo-cratic caucus as well and find common ground on this important issue—some-thing the Senator from West Virginia said a minute ago; that is, let’s focus on the facts. I think the more under-standing we create as to what the facts are, the more this gets done on the merits. 
I turn to the Senator from Wyo-
ming—somebody who has long experi-ence with energy, somebody who comes from an energy State, a State that pro-duces a variety of sources of energy, and pose the same question to him. In terms of focusing on the facts, whether it is the environmental aspect, whether it is the jobs, whether it is making our country energy secure, talk to us a lit-tle bit about the importance of this kind of vital infrastructure—projects such as Keystone—for our country. 
Mr. BARRASSO. First let me thank 
and congratulate the Senator from North Dakota for his dogged deter-mination in fighting for these Amer-ican jobs and for energy security for our country. I am so grateful for his hard work. He has really been tena-cious in this fight to get this bill past the Senate and to the President’s desk. 
I also congratulate my friend and 
colleague from Montana. Last fall the American people elected 12 new Repub-lican Senators to work in this body, and he is one of them. I have had the opportunity to travel with him in Mon-tana. He has a great background. He is innovative, and he is energetic. He is going to do a tremendous job not only for his State and the Rocky Mountain West but for the entire United States as a Member of the Senate. He just took his oath yesterday. We were able to hear from him today, and he is going to be a remarkable addition to this body. 
I know that all of these dozen new 
Republican Senators are as eager as the rest of us in the new Republican majority to start fulfilling our obliga-tion to the people we represent. Ameri-cans elected a Republican Congress be-cause they wanted a change. They wanted to change the direction that President Obama and Democrats have 
taken the country. 
Under the Democratic leadership 
over the past several years, the Senate was a place of dysfunction and grid-lock. More than 40 jobs bills passed by the House of Representatives in the last Congress never even came up for a vote in the Senate. Many of those bills had overwhelming bipartisan support, just like this one we are debating today. Those days are over. That is a completely unacceptable way to run the Senate. 
All of us here in the Senate, Repub-
licans and Democrats, have been given an opportunity to work together and to get things done. That is what the American people told us on election day, that is what they are expecting from us, and I believe that is what they are demanding of us. 
The poster child for the gridlock and 
dysfunction of Washington has been the Keystone XL Pipeline. For more than 6 years it has been a symbol of out-of-control Washington bureauc-racy. The State Department has abso-lutely refused to do its job and to make any kind of decision on the pipeline’s application. 
The Keystone XL Pipeline has also 
been a symbol of gridlock in the Sen-ate. A small group of extreme environ-mentalists with deep pockets has bullied Democratic Members of the Senate to block a bill that would move this important jobs project further. 
According to the latest figures, 
America’s labor force participation rate is woefully low; it is just 62.8 per-cent. Are Democrats in this body satis-fied with that number? Is the President of the United States, President Barack Obama, satisfied with this pathetic participation in America’s labor force? I can say that people in my State, Re-publicans all across the country—they are not satisfied. That is why we are determined to push job-creating legis-lation such as this Hoeven bill to ad-vance the Keystone XL Pipeline. 
The President said there is no benefit 
to this important infrastructure project. During a press conference last month, President Obama actually claimed that the project is ‘‘not even going to be a nominal benefit to U.S. consumers.’’ Apparently, that is what the President believes. Well, he is wrong. Just ask the Obama administra-tion’s own State Department. It says the pipeline would support more than 42,000 jobs. Some of those are construc-tion jobs. Some of them are in the transportation field and the manufac-turing field. It includes jobs at ware-houses, restaurants, and motels along the route. Does President Obama think that a good job is not even a ‘‘nominal benefit’’ to the Americans who could get those 42,000 jobs from this pipeline? 
According to the Congressional Re-
search Service, there are already 19 pipelines operating across U.S. borders. Why is this the one that suddenly of-fers not even a nominal benefit, ac-cording to President Obama? Why does President Obama refuse to make a de-
cision about whether to approve the pipeline? Well, the President has taken a position on this bipartisan bill—ac-cording to the White House Press Sec-retary on Tuesday, the President will not sign this bill once Congress passes it. 
The State Department has done one 
study after another showing that the pipeline would create jobs and that it would have no significant environ-mental impact. President Obama has been downplaying those benefits and threatening to veto the bill. That is not Presidential leadership. 
Now Republicans are going to show 
the leadership that the American peo-ple have been asking for and that they voted for last November. We are going to bring a bill to the floor and force the President to finally do something by putting it on the President’s desk. 
Democrats have been playing politics 
with this pipeline bill. The Republican majority will now get it done. We are going to allow a vote on this project. We are going to allow Senators to offer amendments. What a unique situation in the Senate. We are going to let ev-eryone say which side they are on. This will be a bellwether decision. Are Mem-bers of the Senate in favor of 42,000 jobs for American workers or are they in favor of more Washington delay? Democrats will have a chance to make their arguments. The extreme oppo-nents of this project will make mis-leading claims to try to discount the pipeline’s benefits, and they will try to stoke people’s fears. We have seen it all before. 
At the end of the day, here is what 
this all comes down to—four things: 
No. 1, the Keystone XL Pipeline will 
support more than 42,000 jobs in the United States. 
No. 2, it will be a private investment 
of $8 billion—not taxpayer spending, private spending. 
No. 3, it will have minimal effect on 
the environment. 
No. 4, the pipeline is actually safer 
than other methods of getting that oil to market. 
Congress should approve this pipeline 
and pass this bill and the President should sign it. 
The Keystone XL Pipeline is a job 
creator. It has bipartisan support. It has been stuck in Washington’s bureau-cratic gridlock. 
It is interesting. When I listen to and 
think of the President and his com-ments about jobs and what the impact is going to be, it makes me think of what the president of the Laborers’ International Union of North America said in the summer 1 year ago. He was scheduled to testify today at the En-ergy and Natural Resources Committee hearing—a hearing that now the mi-nority, the Democratic acting leader, Senator D
URBIN , objected to having 
yesterday. He objected to just a hear-ing and a discussion. 
It is interesting. There was a press 
release from the president of the union, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JA6.027 S07JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S44 January 7, 2015 
who was quoted on the subject of the 
economic benefits associated with the construction of the pipeline. Terry O’Sullivan said: 
The President [President Obama] seems to 
dismiss the corresponding economic opportu-nities that would benefit other laborers, manufacturers, small businesses, and com-munities throughout Keystone’s supply chain. 
He said: 
The Washington politics behind the delay 
of the Keystone XL pipeline are of little con-cern to those seeking the dignity of a good, high-paying job. We renew our call to the President [President Obama] to approve this important, job-creating project without delay. 
This is what a job is. It is about 
someone’s dignity, their identity, and their self-worth. People take a lot of personal pride in their work and in their job. I think we ought to approve it. I am ready to vote for it. 
The American people have been 
clear: They are tired of Washington’s gridlock and delay, and they are tired of the direction President Obama has been taking this country. The Amer-ican voters demanded change, they de-manded action, and this Republican Congress is going to deliver just that. 
So I say to my friend and colleague 
from North Dakota—and I see that the chairman of the Senate energy com-mittee has arrived—thank you both for your leadership. To the Senator from North Dakota, former Governor there, thank you for your leadership on en-ergy in North Dakota. And to the sen-ior Senator from Alaska, the chair of the energy committee, thank you spe-cifically for your leadership. I look for-ward to working with both of you spe-cifically on this project and on addi-tional issues that will bring American energy security and jobs to our Nation. 
Mr. HOEVEN. I thank the Senator 
from Wyoming for his comments today and for his continued hard work in sup-port of the issue. I look forward to working with him again to get this done for the American people. 
I turn to our leader on the energy 
committee, the chairman of the energy committee, the Senator from Alaska, who understands energy. She is from another State that produces a huge amount of energy for this country, wants to produce more, and can produce more but only with the infra-structure to do it. Isn’t that what we are talking about here today? This country can have more jobs, more eco-nomic growth, and more energy that we produce right here at home. But, Senator, don’t we need the infrastruc-ture to move that energy as safely and as cost-effectively as possible? 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. To my friend and 
colleague from North Dakota, it is all about infrastructure. 
In Alaska, my home State, we have 
boundless supplies of oil and natural gas, but until we were able to build that 800-mile pipeline across two moun-tain ranges to deliver oil from Alaska’s North Slope to tidewater in Valdez, that oil didn’t do anybody any good. Today,the oil pipeline in Alaska is less 
than half full. 
So we are working to try to figure 
out how we can do more as a State to contribute more to our Nation’s energy needs, to allow us as a State to be pro-ducing more for the benefit not only of our State but of the Nation as well, but we are held back by policies that limit us. So it is policies and it is infrastruc-ture. It is absolutely infrastructure. 
We are trying to move Alaska’s nat-
ural gas to market as well. But, again, if we don’t have the infrastructure, it sits. It stays. It doesn’t benefit con-sumers, it doesn’t create jobs, and it doesn’t help any of us out. 
So Keystone truly is about infra-
structure. I thank my colleague from North Dakota for leading on this issue for years now and for reintroducing the legislation, S. 1, the first bill to be filed in the Senate this year. It will be among the first bills to pass in this new Congress and appropriately so. This is a measure that not only enjoys bipartisan support in the Senate, it en-joys broad support over in the House, and it enjoys support across our Nation for great reason. So why are we where we are? Why are we looking at this sit-uation and saying there is so much frustration going on? 
Senator M
CCONNELL has promised to 
allow open and full debate on the Key-stone XL Pipeline project, the legisla-tion in front of us. I think we are look-ing forward to it. As the chairman of the energy committee, I am looking forward to robust debate on Keystone XL and what it will provide for this country in terms of jobs and in terms of opportunities. 
We are all frustrated. We are all frus-
trated by a President’s decision—or un-willingness, really, to make a decision about this pipeline. It has been 2,301 days and counting since the company seeking to build it submitted an appli-cation for this cross-border permit— 2,301 days. That is more than 6 years ago. 
Yesterday the President was finally 
able to make a decision. He issued his statement of administration policy. In his statement he says that by advanc-ing this measure, it would cut short consideration of important issues. 
Excuse me, Mr. President—cut short 
a process that has been underway for over 6 years? That is amazing to me. Again, when we talk about decisions, let’s get moving with this. 
The President seems to be advancing 
some pretty interesting things when it comes to the energy discussion. He was quoted in an interview just this morn-ing in the Detroit News. He basically told Americans that we are enjoying lower energy prices right now, but we had better enjoy them fast because they are not going to last. 
He said we have to be smart about 
our energy policy. I am with you there, Mr. President. We do have to be smart about our energy policy. But to think the suggestion is just enjoy low prices while they last, take advantage of the sunshine—no. Mr. President, your en-
ergy policies need to make sense for today, for the midterm, and for the long term. For the long term and for the short term we need to make sure we have infrastructure that will allow us the energy supply that is so impor-tant to this country. It amazes me we would be so defeatist with this ap-proach. 
We have an opportunity in this Con-
gress. We had an opportunity this morning in the energy committee. We had scheduled a hearing on the Key-stone XL Pipeline. We were going to hear testimony on original legislation to approve Keystone XL as we did last year on a bipartisan basis. But as Mem-
bers in the body know, there was objec-tion to that unanimous consent. We had to postpone the hearing. I quite honestly was surprised. It would have been nice to know an objection was coming before we had organized the hearing, before we had invited wit-nesses, before we had completed all the preparation. We are going to do our best in our committee to adhere to reg-ular order. I hope our colleagues will work with us. 
I wish to introduce for the R
ECORD  
some of the testimony we received from the three witnesses who gra-ciously agreed to participate in our hearing we had scheduled for this morning. 
Andrew Black, president and CEO of 
the Association of Oil Pipe Lines, de-scribed pipeline safety issues and the gains Keystone XL would bring to the American economy in terms of jobs and payrolls. An excerpt from his testi-mony is as follows: 
While there is much controversy associ-
ated with the Keystone XL Pipeline, the facts are that pipelines are the safest way to transport crude oil and other energy prod-ucts. A barrel of crude oil has a better than 99.999 percent chance of reaching its destina-tion safely by pipeline, safer than any com-peting transportation mode. 
A second witness we had invited was 
David Mallino, legislative director of the Laborers’ International Union of North America. In his testimony he ex-plored the positive jobs impact of the pipeline and responded to some envi-ronmental concerns. Here is an excerpt from Mr. Mallino’s testimony: 
Regardless of characterizations by the 
project’s opponents, it is indisputable that jobs will be created and supported in the ex-traction and refining of the oil, as well as in the manufacturing and service sectors. 
We also invited Greg Dotson, vice 
president for energy policy at the Cen-ter for American Progress. He sub-mitted his testimony in opposition. We made sure we had opposition testimony presented as well. He discussed climate change. He responded to the arguments in favor of Keystone. While he may be an opponent of the pipeline and as usual would have been outnumbered by the supporters of the project, I will still reference his testimony for the R
ECORD . 
A copy of the testimony of Mr. 
Black, Mr. Mallino, and Mr. Dotson 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JA6.029 S07JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S45 January 7, 2015 
may be found on the Energy and Nat-
ural Resources Committee Web site. 
I do believe that had we been allowed 
to hold the hearing this morning, we would have heard very strong bipar-tisan statements in support of Key-stone XL from many members of our committee. The majority of our com-mittee supports this pipeline and is al-ready cosponsoring this bill. 
I will close my comments by assuring 
members of this body, we are in day 2 of this 114th Congress. This is not going to be our only debate on energy legisla-tion over the years. I know it has been a long 7 years since we have had com-prehensive energy legislation. A lot has changed. A lot of people have great ideas to improve and reform our poli-cies, and I welcome those ideas. I am looking forward to the debate, to ad-vancing these proposals through the energy committee. I think we can make significant progress on supply and infrastructure, on efficiency, on accountability. Those areas in par-ticular should be the forum or the focus of an energy bill that we would hope to report out. 
We are going to work hard on the en-
ergy committee. We are planning on legislating. Keystone XL is a natural point for this Congress because it has been delayed for so long, 2,301 days. It is clear this President is not going to make a decision on this, so the Con-gress needs to make it instead. 
I look forward to coming back to the 
floor in a couple days when we have S. 1 officially in front of us. We are going to have good debate on it. I look for-ward to working with my colleague who has been so determined on this issue for so long. His leadership has been key in getting us here, but we need to finish it. We need to make the connects so we can move the resource and provide jobs for this country and for our allies and friends in Canada. 
I again thank my friend and look for-
ward to these next couple days and the next couple weeks where we will have an opportunity to put this before the American people on the floor of the Senate. 
Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I thank 
the Senator from Alaska for her leader-ship on the Energy Committee and also for her willingness to work in an open way on these important issues. 
Across this body, on both sides of the 
aisle, there should be a deep apprecia-tion for her willingness to bring these bills forward so we can debate them and we can offer amendments and we can build the kind of energy future for 
this country our people so very much want to have. 
The Senator from Alaska is some-
body who lives and breathes this topic when we talk energy—somebody who is truly committed to it but truly com-mitted to an open dialogue on all types of energy, giving everybody an oppor-tunity to weigh in and build the best energy plan for our country that we possibly can. 
So I extend my thanks to her and 
also my appreciation, and likewise say I look forward to working with her on 
this issue and on so many important energy issues. 
I wish to turn to my colleague from 
the State of North Dakota and ask her for her perspective on why this project is so important for our country and for the energy future of our country. 
Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, I 
thank the Senator from North Dakota. 
I rise to join my colleagues on the 
other side who represent States that know a little bit about energy and cer-tainly my colleague from North Da-kota who has led this effort from the first day he arrived in the Senate. 
It is no big surprise because we know 
we can have much oil out there and we can know where the reserves are, but if we don’t have the infrastructure to move that oil to market, what it does is drive up prices. I haven’t checked today, but oil price is below $40 a bar-rel. If someone doesn’t think that is supply-demand economics 101, they don’t understand what is happening. The fact is we have known reserves in places such as North Dakota and Alas-ka, we have produceable reserves in Canada, and we have an opportunity to continue to develop these resources in a way that benefits in an incredible way American consumers. 
Think about what is happening for 
the average American family today when they fill up at the pump, and think what that means and how that will ripple through our economy as dis-cretionary income grows. But that is only possible when we have a known supply that is moveable, it is trans-portable, it is in fact capable of reach-ing its market or reaching the refinery. That is what we are talking about when we are talking about North American crude oil. 
We are going to hear a lot of stories 
about this debate about how this crude oil is more dangerous to the environ-ment, how it is different than Bakken crude. Guess what. It is different than Bakken crude, but it is not different than the crude refined in refineries in Texas, where we will be displacing crude that is refined from Venezuela, and we are going to be replacing it with crude that is produced by our friends to the north, Canada. 
So infrastructure is a huge part. In 
fact, that is why, when Secretary Moniz declared the Quadrennial Energy Review, he looked at not just where is the supply and the future of supply of energy, he focused on transportation of energy because that is a huge part of our challenge. 
As we look at the Keystone XL Pipe-
line—and we say Keystone XL because a lot of people don’t know we already have a Keystone Pipeline. We already have a pipeline that is bringing oil sands from Canada into the United States for refining. A lot of people don’t realize this is the second pipeline that will be named Keystone, and it is 
a pipeline that has been in process for literally a decade, from their planning process to the time they actually ask for a permit. I am going to address some of the 
concerns of some of my colleagues as we hear them so we can kind of lay the groundwork. 
We frequently hear the Keystone XL 
Pipeline will be exporting, and all of the oil that is coming down will find its way directly into China. That gets said all the time, and guess what the Washington Post gave it: three Pinocchios. It is not true. 
It is going to get refined. It is going 
to get refined in the United States of America, it is going to displace Ven-ezuelan crude, and it is going to find its way into the American markets and continue to provide that supply that is in fact today driving down costs. So let’s get rid of the first argument that this is going to somehow not benefit American consumers, that this is going to somehow find its way onto a barge immediately upon arrival into the gulf. That is the first thing we need to be talking about, which is let’s actually have a fact-based discussion about what this pipeline is. 
The second argument we will hear is 
that this somehow will have a huge ef-fect on climate and on climate change, and for those reasons alone it ought to be rejected. Let’s take a look at what the experts who have repeatedly looked at this very issue—because one thing we know that I think is beyond dispute when we talk to the officials in Can-ada, is that we are going to produce oil sands oil from Canada, regardless of whether we build a pipeline. That oil is going to find its way into the transpor-tation system and quite honestly is going to burden our rail transportation system because we haven’t figured out how to build a pipeline. 
So all those who want to confuse the 
issue about the pipeline versus the de-velopment in Canada of the oil sands, let’s separate it. Let’s look at what in fact is the decision before the United States of America; that is, the decision of whether it is in our national interest to approve a permit for a pipeline. 
I will say this over and over again as 
we pursue this debate: This is a pipe-line and not a cause. So many people have talked about it, and I think in some ways this process has gotten ex-aggerated on both sides. I mean it is going to be a panacea and prevent all unemployment or it is going to be the worst thing—an Armageddon for the environment. And you know what, this is a pipeline. This is a transportation system. This is an essential part of the infrastructure to bring an important fossil fuel into our country so that it can be refined and utilized by the American people. And by the way, knowing those reserves are there, knowing that we have the reserves we have in the Bakken, and knowing that we are developing more untraditional sources of supply has driven the price down and has created the situation we have today that is saving consumers millions and billions of dollars in our country. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JA6.032 S07JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S46 January 7, 2015 
The second thing I want to say is 
people say we have to respect the proc-ess. I respect the process as part of what I have done my whole life—I am a lawyer. So you hear repeatedly about due process and having to go through due process. Occasionally, the process is broken—6 years to site a pipeline. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
T
OOMEY ). The time reserved for the 
Senator from North Dakota has ex-pired. 
Mr. HOEVEN. I ask unanimous con-
sent to exceed for 5 minutes to wrap up the colloquy. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Ms. HEITKAMP. Back to the process. 
When you look at 6 years, we fought World War II and defeated the greatest evil known to mankind, Adolf Hitler, in 4 years, and we cannot site a pipe-line in 6 years. The process is broken. 
The other issue that is raised is that 
the pipeline is somehow going to dis-rupt what is happening in Nebraska. I think the Senator from North Dakota was absolutely correct to put as part of this bill a provision in that says that all bets are off if Nebraska reverses the decisions that were made in Nebraska. But somehow that is getting forgotten in this debate. 
So we are going to have a lot of hours 
of debate, I think, on Keystone XL Pipeline. We are going to have a lot of amendments. 
I am grateful for the opportunity to 
go back to regular order. I am grateful for the opportunity to talk about amendments. But I want so badly for us to have a reasoned and fact-based debate—not an emotional debate but a debate that basically puts this pipeline issue in perspective. 
I want to congratulate my colleague 
from North Dakota for the success in raising this issue and bringing this issue to an early debate. I hope that we will be able to move this along and that we will be successful in getting enough people to provide the momen-tum to achieve ready approval. 
Finally, I want to say why it is so 
important that we do it now. Those of us who live in the northern tier, we know what construction season is, and you cannot put pipeline in the ground in September and October—not with-out a lot of additional costs with which we have already burdened this pipeline. We need to get this decision done, get this going in the spring as early as pos-sible so plans can be made and people can begin their construction season and we can begin to rationally address the infrastructure needs for develop-ment of our energy resources in North America. 
With that, Mr. President, I yield the 
floor. 
Mr. HOEVEN. I want to thank my 
colleague from North Dakota for speaking on the important points she made, and that is that the energy we are producing in this country is help-ing consumers at the pump by bringing down prices. I want to turn to my colleague from 
Kansas who wants to close this col-loquy and address the very point that we need this infrastructure to keep doing that, to benefit our consumers at the pump. 
Mr. ROBERTS. I thank my colleague, 
Senator H
OEVEN , for leading this col-
loquy and I thank the distinguished Senator from North Dakota for her re-marks. 
In the Washington Times today, Jack 
Gerard, the President and CEO of the American Petroleum Institute said: 
Falling oil prices have empowered the 
United States and weakened OPEC and Rus-sia. The result is that increased U.S. produc-tion in North Dakota has ‘‘fundamentally re-ordered the world’s energy markets.’’ 
This is a national security issue. This 
is an issue where Russia—I think the break-even point for them is about $110 a barrel. Right now it is at $48. They never dreamed this would happen. Their entire economy is at stake, and hopefully it will cause Mr. Vladimir Putin to start thinking about some of his adventuresome antics around the world. 
In addition, the pipeline represents 
not only everything that the distin-guished Senator has brought out but it is a symbol that says that we are going to go ahead with all of our energy pro-duction. We are going to go ‘‘all of the above’’ here. This is not either-or with green projects or fossil fuels or what-ever. So if you vote for the pipeline you are voting for something that really af-fects our national security. 
Think about potential exports to Eu-
rope. They could be less dependent on Russia and so Vladimir does not have his choke hold on them, if you will. There is a lot going on with regard to this issue that people haven’t thought about. 
Additionally, the President told us at 
a meeting with a group of Republicans 2 years ago—2 years ago—that he would make a decision between 2 and 3 months and that it was just a matter of tying down some legal matters. Now he says he is not for it and obviously he will never be for it. You can make whatever conclusion you want to make about that, but it is not a good conclu-sion. I thank the Senator. 
Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I would 
like to thank the Senator from Kansas, and with that we will wrap up the col-loquy. I would like to thank my col-leagues, and we will be back. 
Again, we are looking to work with 
all of our colleagues here in an open process to offer amendments and pass legislation that is important for the American people. 
I thank the Presiding Officer, and 
with that I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order the time until 4:15 p.m. will be controlled by the Demo-cratic leader or his designee. 
The Senator from Maryland. Mr. CARDIN. Thank you, Mr. Presi-
dent. I take this time—and some of my colleagues will be joining me—to ex-press concerns about the first major 
bill that has been brought to the floor under the Republican leadership deal-ing with the Keystone Pipeline. 
I want to start first by talking about 
the so-called urgency for us to take this issue up and circumvent the nor-mal process. The normal process would be for this matter to continue through the regulatory review, which is there to protect the public interest. To short-circuit that in an unprecedented way and for Congress to approve a site for a pipeline is not the way it is done. 
In order to consider this there must 
be some urgency. First, let me just share with my colleagues what the American people are experiencing with the price of gasoline at the pump. It is at a historic low over the last 5 years, with $2.19 the average price for gaso-line at the pump. So there is certainly no urgency if we are talking about try-ing to get more oil in the pipelines for the cost of energy. By the way, I think we all understand that our actions here in this Congress will have very little to 
do with the availability of oil in the near term. It would take some time to construct the pipeline and for it to have an impact on the level of oil that is available. 
The second issue that I find some-
what puzzling with regard to the ur-gency of this issue—and some of my colleagues have pointed it out on both sides of this issue—is that there is al-ready a pipeline that is available that could be used. Admittedly, it is not as efficient as what they are trying to do with the Keystone, and that is to make tar sand, the dirty oil we have, more economically available and feasible to be transported. That makes little sense under today’s economics and the price of gasoline makes it even more hard to understand. Construction of this pipe-line and the approval of this Congress will have very little to do with the con-sumer availability of energy here in the United States. 
Now, compound the fact that we are 
talking about Canadian oil, the dirtiest oil—the tar sand oil—that is being transported through the United States because Canada doesn’t want to trans-port it through their own country be-cause of their concerns on the environ-mental side and which ends up in Texas at the Port Arthur, TX, refinery. Now for those who are not familiar, that is a foreign tax zone which is tax-free. So, therefore, the oil can go into the inter-national marketplace in a very easy manner. Valero, which is one of the po-tential users—consumers of this oil—is building export facilities in order to handle more exports to the inter-national communities. None of us can speak with any definitive judgment as to how much of this oil will in fact end up in the United States, but the fact that they are transporting it to a southern port—they are not trans-porting it to a refinery in the Midwest, which would be a lot closer and a lot cheaper—is a clear indication this oil will end up in the international mar-ketplace and will have very little to do 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JA6.035 S07JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S47 January 7, 2015 
with energy security in the United 
States. I think we have to make that clear. 
We are bypassing the normal process 
to allow Canadian oil to enter the international marketplace more effi-ciently with risk to the United States and very little benefit. Why are we doing this? We hear it will give us jobs. I am for job creation. I would like to 
see us work on a transportation bill where we could create millions of jobs in a far more harmonious way than we can with Keystone. I am for clean en-ergy policies which will create great permanent jobs in the United States. But the job creation estimates for the Keystone Pipeline are that it will cre-ate literally a few thousand temporary construction jobs. They are not perma-nent jobs. There are only a handful of permanent jobs. So it isn’t about cre-ating jobs, and it is not about energy security in the United States. 
What is this all about? There is very 
little benefit compared to the risk fac-tors in the United States. Let me talk about the risk factors which give most of us concern. The environmental risk factors have us the most concerned. Tar sand is a multitype of product that is literally mined and processed into a crude oil which is very thick and dirty. There are different ways to get to the tar sand, but one way to get to the tar sand is to take the topsoil off the prop-erty and mine it through a strip min-ing process. That has been done in Can-ada, and it is still being done in Can-ada, causing tremendous environ-mental damage. It is, in and of itself, a process that most of us would want to avoid. Yet this legislation does nothing to prevent that type of processing of the tar sands. Tar sands produce a very thick oil product that can only make its way through the pipeline by it being processed, and it creates addi-tional risk factors because of the way it is processed. 
There have been oil spills of the tar 
sands product. We have seen it in Ar-kansas and we have seen it in Michi-gan. It caused devastating damage. It is not easy to clean up. It is not like normal crude. It causes permanent- type damage to a community, as we saw most recently in Michigan. So there are risks associated with taking Canadian oil in an effort to make it easier to reach the international mar-ketplace, unlikely to end up in the United States, creating few permanent jobs. Frankly, a lot of us don’t quite understand this. 
As I said, it is dirty. The use of this 
tar sands oil produces a much larger carbon footprint than other crude oil, causing additional problems in dealing with climate change. We have a serious issue with what is happening to our en-vironment. I am proud to represent the State of Maryland. Most of the people in my State live in coastal areas. They know the consequences of global cli-mate change. They understand it. They know what is happening along the coast, and they know we are at risk. They understand the fact that we have 
inhabitable islands in the Chesapeake Bay that have disappeared and are dis-appearing. They understand that our seafood crop, the blue crab, is threat-ened because the warming water af-fects the sea grass growth which is critically important for juvenile crabs to survive. They understand the risks and want us to be responsible in deal-ing with climate change. They also know that we are getting a lot more extreme weather in the east coast of the United States and throughout our country. 
They know on the west coast. They 
are getting dry spells and wildfires. They understand the risks. They un-derstand the cost to America of not dealing with climate change issues. The costs involve not only direct dam-age that is caused but also in the glob-al consequences of climate change. 
So we are worried about our carbon 
fingerprint. We are proud the United States is joining other countries in dealing with climate issues. 
I applaud the work of President 
Obama, in the most recent inter-national meetings, when he dealt with climate change issues. We need to do a better job. 
Why are tar sands an issue? Because 
tar sands produce more carbon emis-sions than other types of oil. It is about 81 percent higher than the aver-age use of crude oil and 17 percent higher than the well-to-wheels basis of producing oil. That is a concern. That translates into millions and millions of cars—the difference between that and having millions of cars on the roads. It is an important part of our leadership. 
If we are trying to establish inter-
national credibility and then we facili-tate more of this dirty tar sands oil, what message does that send? What type of cooperation should we expect to receive? 
I am trying to figure out why this is 
the new priority of the leadership in the Senate. Why is this the very first bill to come to the floor of the Senate when, as I pointed out earlier, there seems to be no urgency. I have been told it has been delayed and delayed and delayed. The reason it was delayed is because the construction operating firm changed the routes of the pipeline. They had one route mapped out—and no alternative routes—but didn’t check to make sure it didn’t violate State laws. Now they are wondering why it is taking so long. It is taking so long be-cause they had to change the route. It is not the governmental process that is slowing this down, it is the fact that the proposers of this route did not have their ducks lined up in a row before they submitted the route that could be approved. We are still not sure about that. 
As I said earlier, for Congress to dic-
tate where a pipeline should be is wrong. That is not our role. We should let the regulatory process, which is there to protect the public, go forward. It would also trample on States rights. There are some serious legal challenges 
pending in State courts as to the ac-tions of a Governor dealing with a loca-tion issue. That should be resolved by the courts, and we are pretty close to having that ruling. It is very unclear to me what impact this legislation would have on States rights as it is currently being litigated in the State court. Why are we doing that? 
The delays have been caused because 
of the way this pipeline was suggested. The regulatory process that would pro-tect the public safety is moving for-ward. Considering oil and gasoline prices at the pump there is no urgency. There are serious environmental risk issues. 
I understand the State Department 
report has been mentioned frequently. Look at the State Department report and look at what it is saying about the price for oil. The per barrel price of oil was a lot higher when they did that re-port. Lower costs have a major impact on what we are talking about here. 
I urge my colleagues to let the proc-
ess go forward. I thank the President for spelling out his concerns and his de-sire to let the regulatory process reach its conclusion, let the State court deci-sion go forward as to what the State believes is the right thing to be done here. I believe all of that will give us a much better process than us trying to substitute our judgment for what should be done through a regulatory process. 
I am going to close by quoting from 
one of the individuals, Ben Gotschall, from Nebraska, who has been very ac-tive on this issue. He said: 
The Cowboy Indian Alliance shows our co-
operation and our working together in mu-tual respect. That shared bond proves that we pipeline fighters are not just a few angry landowners holding out, or environmental-ists pushing a narrow agenda. We are people from all walks of life and include people who have been here the longest and know the land best. 
I think that is pretty instructive. 
This is a broad coalition that is con-cerned about the actions that are being contemplated in the Senate—actions that would overrule landowner rights, actions that would take away State rights, actions that would shortcut regulatory process, actions that help private companies directly without taking into account the regulatory protections that are provided under law. 
It seems rather unusual that this 
would be the very first issue where we could work together in a bipartisan way to expand opportunities for energy in the United States. Clean energy pro-duces a lot more jobs, and we could be talking about incentives so we could have a larger production of clean en-ergy in the United States. Democrats and Republicans would clearly work to-gether to come up with ways we could have more efficient use of energy. 
Democrats and Republicans could 
clearly work together in that regard. There are so many areas where we could work together and show the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JA6.037 S07JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S48 January 7, 2015 
American people that we understand 
their frustration with Congress’s fail-ure to deal with many of the issues in the last Congress, but instead it looks as though we are picking an issue that is more about special interest than it is one that will help deal with an energy problem in the United States and has the potential to broaden our environ-mental challenges in the United States. 
For all of those reasons, I hope my 
colleagues will reject this approach and let us go back and work together to find a common way to help us deal with our environment. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. 
Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, I seek 
recognition to speak for 10 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator is recognized. 
Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, the 
issue we are going to be debating over the next 2 weeks in the United States is really a story about two gasoline stations. 
In July of 2008, the average price of 
gasoline in America was $4.11 a gallon. In January of 2015 in the United States of America the price is $2.21 a gallon. That is great for every driver across our country, and that is great for Americans who buy home heating oil. They are saving a lot of money this winter and the predictions are that it will continue throughout the rest of this year. That is great. 
However, it is not great for the oil 
companies. It is not great for the Cana-dians. It is not great for Wall Street. They are not happy with this incred-
ible benefit that is now flowing to Americans all across our country who now have a gasoline station that has $2.21, on average, as to what people will pay. 
What does the Keystone XL Pipeline 
truly stand for? It truly stands for the Keystone ‘‘export’’ pipeline. That is right. What the Canadians want to do is to basically construct a straw through the United States of America, bring that straw down to Port Arthur, TX, which is a tax-free export zone, and then export the oil out of the United States. 
Why would they want to do that 
since they advertise that it is all about North American energy independence? There is a simple reason. The price of tar sands oil in Canada right now is getting $13 less per barrel than it would get in the United States, but it is $17 less than if they can get it into ships and send it around the world. That is the very simple economic strategy of the Canadians. 
How do I know this? Because during 
a hearing in the House of Representa-tives I asked the head of the pipeline for TransCanada: Would you accept an amendment to keep all of the oil here in the United States of America? He said: No. 
By the way, I asked the same ques-
tion of the head of the American Petro-leum Institute. He said: No. There is a lot of false advertising 
going on here. On one hand they say this is great for American energy inde-pendence. On the other hand, when we say let’s have an amendment on the floor of the Senate that will keep the Keystone oil here in the United States, they say: Oh, no. They are absolutely opposed to that. 
Logically, we have to reach the con-
clusion that their goal is to get the extra $17 per barrel which they will get if they can start selling it to China, Latin America, and other parts of the world. That is the plan. There are no two ways about it. 
By the way, that should be their 
plan. That is what their responsibility is—it is to the shareholders of their companies. 
What is the strategy for the Amer-
ican driver? That is whom we have a responsibility to. We need to make sure they get the lowest possible price. My goodness. They have been tipped upside down and had their money shaken out of their pockets at gas stations all across our country for years, and fi-nally the day of deliverance has arrived and they have $2.21, on average, for the price of a gallon of gas, and now we are told the price of oil is too low. We have to get it back up again. Of course, the best way of accomplishing that is to start exporting oil because the less there is in North America, the higher the price will be for American drivers and for American home heating oil consumers. It is a very simple plan. 
It is not about helping Americans at 
the pump. It is about pumping up the prices so oil companies will have new profits. It is very simple. If it is not that, then just accept an amendment that keeps all the oil here. It is a sim-ple thing to do, and then the rhetoric matches with the reality of what is going to happen. The oil should stay here, but they will not accept that, and they have made that clear. 
This is all part of a wish list we are 
going to see on the Senate floor for the rest of this year. This is the Big Oil wish list of 2015. We start with the Key-stone ‘‘extra large export’’ Pipeline to take oil and send it out of the country. Then they want to lift the ban on the exportation of U.S. crude oil, which is now on the books—a ban on U.S. crude oil. This is Canadian oil. There are no laws against that. Then they want to begin exporting our natural gas, even as consumers and businesses and nat-ural gas vehicle firms are enjoying record-low prices, which in turn is transforming the American manufac-turing sector and our relationship with natural gas in America. They essen-tially want to declare war on the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency and their authority to protect Americans against pollution and to make sure the fuel economy standards of the vehicles which we drive continue to rise and rise. 
Honestly, if we want to tell OPEC we 
are serious and keep them awake at night, then we should keep the oil here so the prices will drop, and we also 
need to increase the fuel economy standards and consume and import less oil. But that is not going to be the agenda that comes out here on the Sen-ate floor from the majority. It is going to be just the opposite. In a way, that is why this first debate is actually a preview of coming attractions of what will be happening out here on the floor of the Senate throughout the course of this entire year. 
There is kind of a Keystone kabuki 
theater that is debuting this afternoon on the Senate floor. The reality is this bill will never become law. The Presi-dent is going to veto this bill. There are not enough votes to override the veto. So instead what we have is just a preview of this entire agenda, notwith-standing the fact that they are not going to be supporting a national re-newable electricity standard or dra-matically increasing the energy effi-ciency laws in our country or making sure the Canadians finally have to pay 
their taxes for the oil liability trust fund which they are now exempt from. American oil companies have to have a trust fund—in the event there is an oil spill in the pipeline—but the Canadians don’t have to have a trust fund. Over 10 years, that is $2 billion that American companies have to pay, which Cana-dians don’t have to pay, to make sure that something is done to protect against oilspills. 
Back when the Democrats took over 
the House and Senate in 2007, we worked together to put together a com-prehensive energy bill. What was in it? Dramatically increasing the fuel econ-omy standards of the vehicles in our country, having a new biofuels law to 
expand that production, and making sure that energy efficiency in America was enhanced dramatically. We worked on a bipartisan basis, and President Bush, a Republican, signed that bill be-cause it was done in a bipartisan, ‘‘all of the above’’ approach. 
That is not what this is all about. 
This is not ‘‘all of the above’’; this is ‘‘oil above all.’’ That is the strategy the Keystone Pipeline embodies— shouts. It is not balanced. It is not where we should be as a country. 
So I say let’s have an amendment to 
the bill that keeps the oil here in the United States. Let’s have this debate here on the floor. Let’s match up the rhetoric of the oil stays here with pro-tection of the American economy and the American driver within the reality that we voted for that to keep it here. Let’s have that debate. I think it is im-portant because otherwise the Cana-dians and the American Petroleum In-stitute will continue to engage in false advertising about where this oil is going to be used. 
So from my perspective, this is the 
dirtiest oil in the world that is going to contribute mightily to an expansion of global warming. We know that 2014 was the warmest year ever recorded in his-tory—notwithstanding the fact that it snowed here in Washington, DC, yester-day—the warmest year in history. That 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JA6.039 S07JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S49 January 7, 2015 
is what I think the green generation 
out there knows as they look at this issue. What are we going to do to make sure we avoid the catastrophic con-sequences of a dangerously warming planet? 
We have to engage in preventive care 
of this planet. There are no emergency rooms for planets. We have to engage in preventive care to make sure we do not pass on this ever-increasing danger to future generations. We are going to get a chance here to debate this. The Keystone Pipeline is a good example of how there is not, in fact, a balanced policy. 
I asked for an amendment on the 
floor so that we can debate whether the oil goes through a pipeline from Can-ada—the dirtiest oil in the world—like a straw, potentially causing environ-mental catastrophes across our coun-try, and then gets exported around the rest of the planet. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
J
OHNSON ). The time of the Senator has 
expired. 
Mr. MARKEY. I think this is the 
kind of debate the American people ex-pect the Senate to engage in. 
I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont. 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, the 
truth is that despite our rather big egos, much of what we do in the Senate is pretty quickly forgotten. People have a hard time remembering what we did 2 months ago or yesterday, let alone last year. But I have a feeling that the Keystone Pipeline bill we are now discussing and decisions that will be made about that bill will not soon be forgotten—not by our children or our grandchildren and not by people throughout the world and, in fact, not by history. I believe that decades from now our kids and our grandchildren will scratch their heads and they will say: What world were these people— Members of Congress—living in in 2015 when they voted for this Keystone Pipeline? How did it happen that they did not listen to the overwhelming ma-jority of scientists who told us we have to cut greenhouse gas emissions, not increase them? I think our kids and our grandchildren will be saying to us: Why did you do that to us? Why did you leave this planet less habitable than it could have been? 
The issue we are dealing with today 
is of huge consequence. I fear very much that a majority of the Members in the Senate and in the Congress are poised to make a very dangerous and wrong decision. In that light, I am more than delighted that President Obama has indicated he will veto this Keystone Pipeline bill if it is passed. 
Climate change is one of the great 
threats not only facing our country but facing the entire planet. It has the ca-pability of causing severe harm to our economy, to our food supply, to access to water, and it raises all kinds of international national security issues. Let me read an excerpt from a letter 
sent to the Senate back in October 2009: 
Observations throughout the world make 
it clear that climate change is occurring, and rigorous scientific research dem-onstrates that the greenhouse gases emitted by human activities are the primary driver. These conclusions are based on multiple 
independent lines of evidence, and contrary assertions are inconsistent with an objective assessment of the vast body of peer-reviewed science. 
Moreover, there is strong evidence that on-
going climate change will have broad im-pacts on society, including the global econ-
omy and on the environment. For the United States, climate change impacts include sea level rise for coastal states, greater threats of extreme weather events, and increased risk of regional water scarcity, urban heat waves, western wildfires, and a disturbance of biological systems throughout the coun-try. The severity of climate change impacts is expected to increase substantially in the coming decades. 
This statement was signed by vir-
tually every major scientific organiza-tion in this country, including the American Association for the Advance-ment of Science, the American Chem-ical Society, the American Geophysical Union, the American Institute of Bio-logical Sciences, the American Mete-orological Society, and many other sci-entific organizations. 
Scientists are not the only people 
warning us about the danger of climate change. Hear what the Department of Defense has to say about the impact of climate change on international and national security. What they point out—and I think what every sensible person understands—is that when peo-ple are unable to grow the food they need because of drought, when flood de-stroys their homes, when people throughout the world are forced to struggle for limited natural resources in order to survive, this lays the groundwork for the migration of people and international conflict. That is what the Department of Defense tells us. 
Now, given all of the scientific evi-
dence and given the concerns raised by our own Department of Defense and na-tional security experts all over the world and given the fact that the most recent decade—the last 10 years—was the Nation’s warmest on record, one would think that when the National Climate Assessment warns us that global warming could exceed 10 degrees Fahrenheit in the United States by the end of the century—can we imagine this planet becoming 10 degrees Fahr-enheit warmer and what this means to the planet? When sea levels have al-ready risen by nearly 7 inches over the last century and are expected to rise another 10 inches to 2.6 feet by the end of the century—when all of that is on the table, one would think this Senate would be saying: All right, we have an international crisis. How do we reverse climate change? Instead, what the de-bate is about is how we transport some of the dirtiest oil in the world and thereby cause more carbon emissions into the atmosphere. I suspect our kids and our grand-
children will look back on this period and say: What world were you living in? Why did you do that to us? 
It would seem to me that what we 
should be debating here is how we im-pose a tax on carbon so that we can break our dependence on fossil fuel. That is what we should be discussing, not how we increase carbon emissions. We should be discussing what kind of legislation we bring forward that moves us aggressively toward energy efficiency, weatherization, and such sustainable energies as wind, solar, and geothermal. That is the kind of bill that should be on the floor. We should be having a debate about legislation that makes our transportation system far more efficient, that expands rail and helps us get cars and trucks off the road. We should be having a debate about how we can create the kind of automobiles that run on electricity and make them less expensive and how we can get cars running 80 to 100 miles per gallon. Those are the kinds of de-bates and that is the kind of legislation we should be having on the floor, not how do we expand the production and the transportation of some of the dirti-est oil on the planet. 
In my view, the U.S. Congress in a 
very profound way should not be in the business of rejecting science because when we reject science, we become the laughingstock of the world. How do we go forward? How do we prepare legisla-tion if it is not based on scientific evi-dence? And to say to the overwhelming majority of scientists that we are ig-noring what they are telling us and we are going to move in exactly the wrong direction I think makes us look like fools in front of the entire world. How do we go forward and tell China and India and Russia and countries around the world that climate change is a huge planetary crisis at the same time as we are facilitating the construction of the Keystone Pipeline? 
So I am delighted the President will 
veto this legislation if it happens to pass the Congress. Our job now is not to bring more carbon into the atmos-phere; it is to transform our energy system away from coal, away from oil, away from fossil fuel, and toward en-ergy efficiency and sustainable energy. That should be the direction of this country, and we should lead the world in moving in that direction. 
With that, I yield the floor and sug-
gest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The assistant legislative clerk pro-
ceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
(The remarks of Mr. A
LEXANDER , Mr. 
BENNET , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. B URR, and 
Mr. K INGpertaining to the introduc-
tion of S. 108 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Statements on Intro-
duced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JA6.041 S07JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S50 January 7, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio. 
f 
MEDICARE/MEDICAID 
ANNIVERSARY 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, in his 
first legislative message to the 89th Congress in 1965, 50 years ago I believe this month, President Johnson laid out what would become a key marker in the legislative fight for Medicare and Medicaid. Ultimately, the bill was passed in July 1965. President Johnson signed it in Independence, MO, I be-lieve at the home of former President Truman. 
President Johnson, in his legislative 
message to the House and Senate in 1965 said: 
In this century, medical scientists have 
done much to improve human health and prolong human life. Yet as these advances come, vital segments of our population are being left behind—behind barriers of age, ec-onomics, geography or community resources. Today, the political community is chal-lenged to help all our people surmount these needless barriers to the enjoyment of the promise and reality of better health. 
Fifty years later we have made his-
toric improvements to our health care system, thanks in large part to a cou-ple of things: No. 1, medical research, funded both by taxpayers and often by drug companies, foundations, univer-sities, and others; and No. 2, because of social insurance programs such as Medicare and Medicaid. 
Before the passage of Medicare—lis-
ten to these numbers—30 percent of our Nation’s seniors lived below the pov-erty line, only half our Nation’s sen-iors—at this time 50 years ago, early in 1965, had health insurance, and insur-ance usually only covered visits to the hospital in those days. 
Now, thanks to Medicare, 54 million 
seniors and people with disabilities have access to guaranteed health care benefits. 
Let me share a letter a constituent 
named Donald, from Toledo, OH, wrote to me last Congress, when the House of Representatives threatened to turn Medicare into a voucher program as part of its budget proposal. Donald wrote: 
Thank you for your efforts to keep Medi-
care from being privatized. At the age of 63, I am going to be eligible for Medicare before too long and looking at the affordability of health care is critical. If Medicare is privatized, we will not be able to afford it any more than we can afford private insur-ance today. 
That is the whole point. The reason 
there is a government health care pro-gram, the reason there is social insur-ance, is because people, as in 1965, only half the people in the country had any kind of health insurance. 
It is a little disconcerting to know that 
after working all our lives and living com-fortably, that in our retirement years we will either have to try to find full-time em-ployment to be in a position of affording Medicare, privatized Medicare. I am sure I don’t need to tell you how difficult finding a job is these days when you are an older cit-
izen. 
I know normally I am writing you from the 
opposing side, but this time we definitely see eye to eye. 
Ralph Waldo Emerson, 150 or 160 
years ago, said that history has always been a fight between conservators and innovators. There is a legitimate place in society for both, creating the ten-sion that moves our country one way or the other. Conservators want to pro-tect the status quo. They want to pre-serve privilege and want to hold on to their wealth. Conservators fundamen-tally don’t believe the government should be involved in ensuring a decent standard of living. Innovators—what we might call today progressives—un-derstand our society is only as strong as its most vulnerable members. 
If we go back to the key congres-
sional votes—the key congressional votes, not necessarily final passage—to advance debate of a Medicare bill in 1965, most Republicans voted no. Then it was the John Birch Society that op-posed it. Today, 50 years later, it is the tea party that opposes social insur-ance. 
Some of the most privileged interest 
groups in Washington opposed the cre-ation of Medicare. But they were wrong. As I said earlier, 30 percent of seniors lived below the poverty line prior to Medicare. Medicare helped to cut the poverty rate in half by 1973, only 8 years after its passage. 
We see the same attacks today. 
Budgets proposed in the House of Rep-resentatives over the past several years have tried to dismantle Medicare, by and large by privatized vouchers, to help offset the cost of tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans. They would pri-vatize the program and undermine its guaranteed benefits. 
Ohio’s seniors have worked hard, 
they have paid into Medicare, and they deserve a program that truly meets their health care needs. They deserve better than the underfunded voucher that would put them at the mercy of the private insurance industry. Thank-fully, we have been able to block this plan in the Senate. We will continue to do that. 
Interestingly, the Affordable Care 
Act has provided significantly en-hanced benefits for Medicare bene-ficiaries. In my State alone more than 1 million Ohio seniors have gotten free—meaning no copay, no deduct-ible—preventive care benefits under the Affordable Care Act. 
If you are on Medicare and your doc-
tor prescribes an annual physical or asks that you be given an osteoporosis screening, a diabetes screening—all the things doctors order for their patients for preventive care—those are provided under the Affordable Care Act and under Medicare, no copays, no deduct-ible. 
Many of the efforts to privatize and 
voucherize Medicare mean taking away preventive care, taking away prescrip-tion drug protections added to Medi-care under the Affordable Care Act. 
Others want to raise the Medicare eli-gibility age from 65 to 67. 
I was in Youngstown, OH, a couple of 
years ago at a townhall. A woman stood up and said: I hold two jobs, and I am barely making it. 
I think the two jobs were close to 
minimum wage, so she was probably making $8 an hour in one and $8.50 in the other. She was a home care worker and doing something else. She had tears in her eyes. 
She said: I am 63 years old. I need to 
stay alive until I can get health insur-ance. 
This was maybe 5 years before we 
passed the health care law. Imagine being 63 years old and your goal in life is just to find a way to stay alive so you can have health insurance. 
Some geniuses in the House and 
maybe in the Senate think it is a good idea to raise the Medicare eligibility age from 65 to 67. Just because we dress like this and have jobs that aren’t all that physical other than walking back and forth from our offices to the floor, just because we have this kind of life-style and just because we are privileged enough to get to dress like this and get paid well and get to do these incredibly privileged jobs as Members of the Sen-ate—there are a whole lot of people in this country whose bodies won’t last until they are 67. They can’t work until they are 67 to get Medicare. They are working at Walmart, standing on floors all day, they are home care workers, they are working at fast food res-taurants, they are construction work-ers. 
Both my wife’s parents died before 
the age of 70 in large part because of the work they did, the kind of heavy, strenuous work, and the chemicals they were exposed to and all that. So when I hear my colleagues propose to raise the Medicare eligibility age from 65 to 67—and I know they say we can’t sustain these entitlements, whatever that means. What they really want to do is raise the eligibility age. To raise the eligibility age for Medicare to 67, they need to take Abraham Lincoln’s advice. His staff wanted him to stay in the White House and win the war, free the slaves, and preserve the Union. President Lincoln said: No. I need to go out and get my public opinion bath. 
What did he mean by that? He meant: 
I have to go out and talk to people. So when I hear Senators say they want to raise the Medicare eligibility age from 65 to 67—whether they are in Gallipolis or Troy or Zanesville, OH—when I hear people say they want to raise the re-tirement age or the Medicare eligi-bility age—what I think when I hear Senators say that is they are not out talking to real people. 
We know we can do a number of 
things to improve and strengthen these programs so future generations can continue to move into retirement years with a sense of security. 
Last Congress I was an original co-
sponsor of the Medicare Protection 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:39 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JA6.057 S07JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S51 January 7, 2015 
Act, which would make it difficult for 
Congress to make changes that would reduce or eliminate guaranteed bene-fits or restrict eligibility criteria for Medicare beneficiaries. With several of my Senate colleagues, I will submit a resolution commemorating the 50th an-niversary of the creation of Medicare and Medicaid, a reminder that these 
programs must be protected, not weak-ened, not rolled back, not undercut, not privatized, not voucherized—if that is a word—a reminder that all these programs must be strengthened. 
As we move forward in protecting so-
cial insurance, we should remember President Johnson’s words when speak-ing to the House and the Senate 50 years ago: Whatever we aspire to do to-gether, our success in those enter-prises—and our enjoyment of the fruits that result—will rest finally upon the health of our people. 
f 
TRIA 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I think it 
is important to understand that TRIA is legislation that we need, which is the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act. We passed a bill with only two or three ‘‘no’’ votes in the Senate last year. But what the House of Representatives has done looks like what they will prob-ably do in the future: They have taken legislation which is really important to the country, which passed the Senate on a bipartisan basis, and they have loaded on to that legislation extra-neous provisions. 
Frankly, that is what people in this 
country are tired of—when legislation that must pass and has overwhelming support is about to pass, special inter-est groups come and add their language to it. That is exactly what happened here. If the House of Representatives gets its way, if Wall Street gets its way, it is the first step to begin to slice away at the Dodd-Frank legislation. 
When I hear a number of my col-
leagues in this body and down the hall in the House of Representatives say they support progrowth policies and deregulation, what they are saying is they want to roll back the protections for consumers in Dodd-Frank, the Wall Street reform bill, and they want to weaken the provisions in the rules that govern Wall Street behavior. I don’t quite understand it because what I do understand is less than a decade ago, because of Wall Street greed, because of Wall Street overreach, because this body and the body down the hall weak-ened the rules on Wall Street, and be-cause the previous administration ap-pointed regulators who would really look the other way, we had terrible damage done to our economy. About a mile north of the ZIP Code I live in in Cleveland had the highest number of foreclosures of any ZIP Code in the United States of America because of deregulation, because of Bush ap-pointees to many of the bank regu-latory bodies. 
So I caution my colleagues, as we ac-
cept this legislation, the TRIA legisla-tion—and I assume we will—to under-
stand that is not going to be behavior that we are going to sanction in the Senate, where they take must-pass leg-islation and they find ways to attach to this legislation rollback of con-sumer protections and weakening of Wall Street rules. That is what got us into this. We can’t let these special in-terests who have so much power in the House of Representatives, who have so much influence in the House of Rep-resentatives—we can’t let them have their way on legislation like this. 
Mr. President, I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
EE). 
The clerk will call the roll. 
The assistant legislative clerk pro-
ceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MEDICARE/MEDICAID 
ANNIVERSARY 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I rise to 
highlight a Presidential message that was delivered to the Congress 50 years ago today. But before I go into the im-portance of Medicare and Medicaid— facts that I think all my colleagues and I can agree to—I would like to take a brief look back at where America has been and recall what life was like for so many of those who were poor, disabled, vulnerable, and uninsured or unlucky before these programs, which today are a lifeline, Medicare and Medicaid, were in place. 
Those were the days of the ‘‘poor 
farm’’ and the ‘‘almshouse.’’ These were the places where the poor and un-insured would go for care, very often on the outskirts of town—out of sight, out of mind. It was not a happy choice, and more often than not for seniors and the poor it was the only choice. 
These were places that provided care 
and was often very basic and very often it carried a stigma. The accommoda-tions were sparse at best. In return for health care and housing, residents were expected to work on an adjoining farm or do housework or other chores to off-set the costs of their stay. This was the primary option for someone whose ex-tended family could not offer care—or didn’t want to offer care. This was not thousands of miles away from the shores of our country, it was right here in the United States. Not very many Americans remember those days. In fact, I think it is fair to say hardly anybody under 50 remembers those days. 
President Johnson submitted his 
message to the Congress 50 years ago today, and fewer than half of America’s older people even had any health insur-ance. In that era, it was not uncommon for older people who got an illness to be treated like second-class citizens, and many older people without family to care for them and no health care coverage ended up destitute and would 
often end up on our streets. 
It was a time no one wants to revisit. 
It is a time sociologists described as another America—where 40 to 50 mil-lion Americans were poor and lacked adequate medical care and were so-cially invisible to a majority of the population. 
I bring this up because I wish to 
spend a few minutes this evening talk-ing about how far America has come. I want to make sure that we in the Con-gress—as we look to this anniversary of these critical programs, Medicare and Medicaid, and the vivid difference they made in the daily lives of Ameri-cans, we should all spend just a few minutes talking about the health care advances we have seen over the years. 
Here are a couple of facts: Today 
with rock-solid essential medical serv-ices, 54 million Americans—or vir-tually every senior and those with dis-abilities—now has access to what we call—and I remember this from my days as director of the Gray Panthers— the Medicare guarantee. It is a guar-antee of secure Medicare benefits for our old people. 
Medicaid has made a critical dif-
ference for 68 million of the Nation’s most vulnerable, including more than 32 million kids, 6 million seniors, and 10 million individuals with disabilities. Because Medicare and Medicaid made health care possible for millions of peo-ple, they have also been the catalyst for innovation in treatment that bene-fits people of all ages. I emphasize that fact because it is often not appreciated that Medicare, as the flagship Federal health care program, often is the spark, the catalyst for innovations that get copied in the private sector. 
For example, in the first 30 years of 
Medicare alone, the Medicare Program helped to reduce deaths from heart dis-ease by one-third for people over age 65. By providing coverage and access for millions, these programs became catalysts for change in how medicine is practiced and paid for Americans across the age spectrum and helped us to find the root causes of disease and perfecting better therapies to treat. As time has marched on, these programs evolved and improved and the rest of the health care system followed. 
In 1967, Early and Periodic Screening, 
Diagnostic, and Treatment programs, comprehensive services for all Med-icaid youngsters under age 21, was cre-ated, and that has helped to improve our country’s health, starting with our children. In 1981, home and commu-nity-based waivers were established so States could provide services in a com-munity setting, allowing individuals to remain in their home for as long as possible. 
Every State uses this option to facili-
tate better care and services to the Medicaid population, and I think it is fair to say that every single senior— and this is something I heard again and again and again in the those Gray Pan-thers days—would say: Why can’t we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JA6.044 S07JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S52 January 7, 2015 
have the option to have good, quality, 
affordable care at home because it will also save money compared to the alter-native, which is institutional care. 
In 1983, Medicare took one of many 
big leaps away from fee-for-service with the advent of a new reimburse-ment system for hospitals. It was called prospective payment—a system that pays hospitals based on a patient’s illness and how serious it is and not solely on how much it costs to treat them. This was a radical change at the time. Today it is commonplace and ac-ceptable. 
In 2003, the prescription drug cov-
erage benefit was added to Medicare, providing access to necessary medica-tions to those most likely to need them. As a result of greater access to prescription drugs, senior health has dramatically improved. 
In 2010, as a result of health care re-
form, preventive services became free to patients, prescription drugs became cheaper for beneficiaries who fell into what was known as the doughnut hole, and again Medicare moved further away from fee-for-service, volume-driv-en care and on to paying for quality and value. Not only was that good for seniors, it was good for taxpayers be-cause it helped to extend the life of the Medicare trust fund. 
Finally, in 2012, the Centers for Medi-
care and Medicaid began releasing for the public to use actual claims data. Access to this information, in my view, is a key element of the challenge with respect to understanding the costs of care, the variations and the way medi-cine is practiced across the country. Clearly, access to Medicare claims data is part of the path to improving quality and holding down the costs of health care in our country. 
These examples are easy to forget— 
the most recent ones—because now they are commonplace, but that makes them no less remarkable. 
I will close with one last point that I 
hope will be part of what guides the work of the Senate in this session. 
I see the distinguished Senator from 
Illinois, Mr. D
URBIN . He is to be joined 
by the majority leader, Senator M
CCONNELL , shortly. 
I will just close my remarks with re-
spect to these critical programs by pointing out—and I hope it will be re-membered frequently as big issues are tackled in this Congress—Medicare and Medicaid were bipartisan efforts, and the enactment of these programs shows that the Congress can craft bipartisan solutions to complex and politically difficult problems. That is what hap-pened in 1965 when the Senate passed a legislation creating Medicare and Med-icaid by a 68-to-32 vote after the House approved it 3 months earlier on a 313- to-115 vote. 
As this Congress gets underway, and 
as the leaders come to the floor to dis-cuss a critical aspect of how we move ahead, I hope all of us take a page from that particular playbook. Let us recog-nize that with Medicare and Medicaid there was an opportunity to come to-gether to tackle a big issue, and my hope is that this Congress will not use 
partisan tactics when the solutions have to be bipartisan, and that is the lesson. 
Despite sharp differences and par-
tisanship, the Congress of the days I have been speaking of was able to rise above the culture and those challenges to find agreement and make our coun-try a better place. 
As this new Congress begins, I hope 
we can use that 50-year-old spirit to strengthen, protect, and improve Medi-care and Medicaid to keep that guar-antee strong, ensure health care to those who need it most, and protect a program that has been a lifeline to mil-lions of Americans. 
With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The act-
ing minority leader. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I com-
mend my colleague from Oregon for re-minding us of this 50th anniversary of President Johnson’s recommendation to Congress to create Medicare and Medicaid. Today, as we witness 54 mil-lion people benefitting in America from Medicare—in my State some 2 million—and 68 million from Med-icaid—in my State 3 million—we un-derstand the importance of this pro-gram. Almost half the people who live in Illinois are covered with health in-surance by Medicare and Medicaid. 
When we add in the Affordable Care Act, we have literally half the popu-lation of my State. 
It is a testament to the fact that 
when we made a commitment and fol-lowed through on a bipartisan basis, as the Senator from Oregon said, we cre-ated programs that had vibrancy and really served people for a long time. 
I read something the Senator from 
Oregon is, I am sure aware, of, which is that because Medicare was a complete Federal payout, it was implemented throughout the United States almost within a year. It took 17 years for every State to join the Medicaid Pro-gram. It wasn’t until 1982 that the last State joined into Medicaid—Arizona— because there was a State contribu-tion. Look at the experience we have now with the Affordable Care Act, where some States are reluctant to join in. So that is part of it. 
The point I wish to get to and which 
the Senator made so well is how it changed life for senior citizens and for those who were poor. It gave them a chance for quality health care that didn’t bankrupt them in the process. 
Medicaid has been a dramatic suc-
cess. For critics of government health programs and critics of Medicaid, the 2011 survey found that 70 percent of physicians across America accept Med-icaid patients. People would believe from some of the critics that the oppo-site is true. Seventy percent accept Medicaid patients. So it is a good pro-gram. The reimbursement attracts 70 percent of physicians willing to treat them. 
The last point I will make to the 
Senator from Oregon particularly, if he happens to know a good bookstore, I would suggest he consider the new book by Dr. Gawande entitled ‘‘Being 
Mortal.’’ I am virtually through it, and he really challenges us to look beyond health care for the elderly to where they are living, how they are living, and how they are being treated. 
So I am hoping we can rise to an-
other level of conversation beyond Medicare and Medicaid, celebrating this anniversary but accepting a new responsibility to that generation of seniors who served America so well. 
I thank the Senator from Oregon for 
reminding us of this anniversary. 
I am proud to stand with my col-
league Senator W
YDEN today in support 
of his resolution honoring President Johnson’s commitment to creating the Medicare and Medicaid Programs. 
Fifty years ago today, President 
Lyndon Johnson sent a message to the Congress which he titled ‘‘Advancing the Nation’s Health.’’ 
In that message the Johnson quoted 
President Thomas Jefferson who in 1787 wrote, ‘‘without health there is no hap-piness. An attention to health, then, should take the place of every other object.’’ Those words were true then, true in 1965, and true now. 
President Johnson was concerned 
about the health of our nation because of the staggering effect that no insur-ance and chronic disease had on the el-derly. At that time, 80 percent of peo-ple over 65 were disabled or lived with a chronic disease. Unfortunately, 50 percent of people over 65 did not have health insurance. 
From his concern and effort came the 
Medicare and Medicaid programs. Both programs created a social safety net that has improved the lives of millions of Americans. 
Today more than 54 million people 
are enrolled in Medicare, 2 million in Illinois. The vast majority of Medicare enrollees are seniors. They receive quality, affordable, care and access to prescription drugs because of the Presi-dent Johnson’s commitment. In this new Congress, we should work together to ensure this highly successful pro-gram remains in place for future gen-erations. 
Medicaid has been a lifeline for mil-
lions of people, especially for children. Sixty-eight million people are enrolled in Medicaid, 3 million in Illinois. And thanks to the Affordable Care Act, 600,000 became newly eligible for the program last year. Medicaid makes it possible for more than half of the ba-bies born in Illinois to be delivered with medical care. Some argue that Medicaid isn’t working because physi-cians refuse to see people in the pro-gram. But the data says that isn’t true. 2011 data shows that 70 percent of of-fice-based physicians nationwide were willing to see new Medicaid patients. I call that a success. 
As we remember President Johnson’s 
tireless effort today, we should also keep in mind our commitment to these vital programs and work together to strengthen them. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JA6.046 S07JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S53 January 7, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I rise to 
speak about the 50th anniversary of 
Medicare as well. I commend the re-marks of both the senior Senator from Oregon and the senior Senator from Il-linois about this 50-year anniversary since President Lyndon Johnson first sent his message to Congress that would later become both the Medicare and Medicaid Programs. As was re-ferred to earlier, there are 100 million Americans benefiting, including over 4.8 million in my home State of Penn-sylvania, when we consider both pro-grams together. 
When President Johnson sent this 
message, he said: 
Our first concern must be to assure that 
the advance of medical knowledge leaves none behind. We can—and we must—strive now to assure the availability of and accessi-bility to the best health care for all Ameri-cans, regardless of age or geography or eco-nomic status. 
So said President Johnson all those 
years ago, and how prescient he was and how knowledgeable he was as well to be thinking about the future and to be considering advances in technology and holding all of us to the highest pos-sible standard when it came to health care for older Americans or health care for the poor and for children. 
We know that in the ensuing 50 years 
we have strived to make that vision of President Johnson a reality, first, of course, with Medicare and Medicaid; and then more recently—‘‘recently’’ meaning the last 20 years or so—with the Children’s Health Insurance Pro-gram, known by the acronym CHIP; and then followed by, a number of years after that, the Affordable Care Act, which included an expansion of the Medicaid Program, providing cov-erage to millions more Americans. 
We know that when Medicaid was 
created in 1965, the U.S. Government put forth a promise to ensure that the most vulnerable members of society would have access to health care. Whether it is our children or whether it is frail, elderly members of our fam-ily living in nursing homes or individ-uals with disabilities, Medicaid ensures they have access to health care. So we have made great strides. 
Let me quote again from President 
Johnson: 
Poor families increasingly are forced to 
turn to overcrowded hospital emergency rooms and to overburdened city clinics as their only resource to meet their routine health care needs. 
Again, President Johnson was way 
ahead of his time in dealing with what was then a problem and still remains a problem but less so a problem because of Medicaid. 
This important lifeline—Medicaid— 
to health care, having been created 50 years ago, was strengthened in 2010 and helps ensure that millions of Ameri-cans have access to quality, com-prehensive health care. 
We must continue to make sure that 
we guarantee Medicaid remains strong and provides such needed care to those 
in our society who often get over-looked. We must never forget that Medicaid is the program that many middle-class families and lower income older citizens who are on assistance and people with disabilities turn to when they need extended nursing home care, sometimes referred to as long- term care. So when it comes to long- term care for poorer families as well as long-term care for middle-class fami-lies, often millions of Americans are turning and have turned for their long- term care to Medicaid, and we should remember that. 
As we celebrate this 50th anniver-
sary, let’s always ensure that both Medicare and Medicaid remain strong programs that so many Americans can turn to. We must do our best to be true to Lyndon Johnson’s vision ‘‘that the advance of medical knowledge leaves none behind.’’ It is a very important anniversary, and it is a good reminder about our obligations in the Senate to protect both Medicare and Medicaid. 
With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
f 
FUNDING ALLOCATION FOR 
SENATE COMMITTEES 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent to engage in a colloquy with Senator D
URBIN on be-
half of the Democratic leader. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, in 
the 112th Congress the Senate adopted a new funding allocation for Senate committees. This approach has served the Senate for the past two Congresses when the Democrats controlled the ma-jority. I believe this approach will con-tinue to serve the interests of the Sen-ate and the public, regardless of which party is in the majority, by helping to retain core committee staff with insti-tutional knowledge. This funding allo-cation is based on the party division of the Senate, with 10 percent of the total majority and minority salary baseline going to the majority for administra-tive expenses. However, regardless of the party division of the Senate, the minority share of the majority and mi-nority salary baseline will not be less than 40 percent, and the majority share will not exceed 60 percent. It is my in-tent that this approach will continue to serve the Senate for this Congress and future Congresses. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, this ap-
proach met our needs for the last two Congresses, and I too would like to see it continue. In addition, last Congress, special reserves was restored to its his-toric purpose. We should continue to fund special reserves to the extent pos-sible in order to be able to assist com-mittees that face urgent, unantici-pated, nonrecurring needs. Recognizing the tight budgets we will face for the foreseeable future, it is necessary to continue to bring funding authoriza-tions more in line with our actual re-
sources while ensuring that commit-tees are able to fulfill their responsibil-ities. I look forward to continuing to work with the majority leader to ac-complish this. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that a joint leadership letter be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
UNITED STATES SENATE , 
Washington, DC, January 7, 2015. 
WEMUTUALLY COMMIT TO THE FOLLOWING  
FOR THE 114THCONGRESS : The Rules Com-
mittee is to determine the budgets of the committees of the Senate. The budgets of the committees, including joint and special committees, and all other subgroups, shall be apportioned to reflect the ratio of the Senate as of this date, including an addi-tional ten percent (10%) from the majority and minority salary baseline to be allocated to the chairman for administrative expenses. 
Special Reserves has been restored to its 
historic purpose. Requests for funding will only be considered when submitted by a com-mittee chairman and ranking member for unanticipated, non-recurring needs. Such re-quests shall be granted only upon the ap-proval of the chairman and ranking member of the Rules Committee. 
Funds for committee expenses shall be 
available to each chairman consistent with the Senate rules and practices of the 113th Congress. 
The division of committee office space 
shall be commensurate with this funding agreement. 
The chairman and ranking member of any 
committee may, by mutual agreement, mod-ify the apportionment of committee funding and office space. 
M
ITCH MCCONNELL . 
HARRY REID. 
f 
REMEMBERING EDWARD BROOKE 
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, I wish to 
pay tribute to a former member of this Chamber, and note with pleasure the passage of S. Res. 19. 
Senator Edward Brooke of Massachu-
setts passed away on January 3, 2015 at the age of 95. I was deeply saddened by his loss. I had the privilege of hosting an event last year celebrating Amer-ica’s Black Senators. We invited Sen-ator Brooke, but he was unable to at-tend. We did honor him that day, be-cause as one of the two African Ameri-cans to currently serve in this great body, I know that I stand on the shoul-ders of giants like Senator Brooke and those who have come before me in pub-lic service. Senator Brooke was a true trailblazer, and those of us who fol-lowed cannot thank him enough. As the first African American Senator to be popularly elected to serve, he was a true inspiration. 
From his service to our Nation begin-
ning as a captain in the U.S. Army dur-ing World War II, to his service as chairman of the Finance Commission for the city of Boston and then as the Commonwealth of Massachusetts’ at-torney general before coming to the Senate, Senator Brooke was a com-mitted public servant. Having served 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JA6.061 S07JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S54 January 7, 2015 
for two terms in the Senate, he was a 
powerful voice for housing reform and advancing issues like economic oppor-tunity for all Americans. Recognized with both the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 2004 and the Congressional Gold Medal in 2008, our Nation was truly blessed by his life and accom-plishments, and his place in history will stand the test of time. 
May God bless the family of Senator 
Brooke. 
f 
REMEMBERING MARIO M. CUOMO 
Mrs. GILLIBRAND. Mr. President, I 
wish to speak about the life and ex-traordinary legacy of former New York State Governor Mario M. Cuomo. 
Governor Mario Cuomo inspired a 
generation of Americans to be unafraid of idealism. He was a role model for Americans with big dreams, and he was a champion for the causes and values that we cherish in this country. 
He was a tenacious competitor on the 
baseball diamond, the basketball court, and in the halls of the capitol in Al-bany, but it wasn’t merely the abstract desire to win that drove him. The quest for justice and fairness in our country motivated him to act, and he used his pulpit as a public servant to push for a better world for all Americans. 
Throughout his career, he spoke pow-
erfully to us about the value of equal-ity, and the visionary words of his most famous speech, the Tale of Two Cities, still hold true today, decades later. 
Governor Cuomo was a brilliant and 
generous mentor, and I was honored that he took a risk and helped me when I was an untested Congressional can-didate a decade ago. Whenever we met, he was always kind, thoughtful, and al-ways generous. 
I know that Mario Cuomo’s most 
cherished title wasn’t Governor—it was husband and father. He took these roles as seriously as his governorship, and it is clear that he succeeded in both. He loved his wife and children, and he instilled in his sons and daugh-ters an unwavering commitment to service. 
Mario Cuomo was one of the great, 
motivating, and inspirational leaders of our time, and I will always be grate-ful to him for his leadership, his serv-ice, and his inspirational mentorship. He was a friend that my family and I truly admired. 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT 
Messages from the President of the 
United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED 
As in executive session the Presiding 
Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate 
committees. 
(The messages received today are 
printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE 
At 10:31 a.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 22. An act to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Vet-erans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the em-ployers to which the employer mandate ap-plies under the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act. 
The message further announced that 
the House has agreed to the following concurrent resolution, in which it re-quests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H. Con. Res. 1. Concurrent resolution re-
garding consent to assemble outside the seat of government. 
The message also announced that the 
House has agreed to H. Res. 1, resolving that Karen L. Haas of the State of Maryland, be, and is hereby, chosen Clerk of the House of Representatives, and that Paul D. Irving of the State of Florida be, and is hereby, chosen Ser-geant-at-Arms of the House of Rep-resentatives, and that Ed Cassidy of the State of Connecticut be, and is hereby, chosen Chief Administrative Officer of the House of Representatives, and that Father Patrick J. Conroy of the State of Oregon, be, and is hereby, chosen Chaplain of the House of Rep-resentatives. 
The message further announced that 
the House has agreed to H. Res. 2, re-solving that the Senate be informed that a quorum of the House of Rep-resentatives has assembled; that J
OHN 
A. B OEHNER , a Representative from the 
State of Ohio, has been elected Speak-er; and that Karen L. Haas, a citizen of the State of Maryland, has been elected Clerk of the House of Representatives of the One Hundred Fourteenth Con-gress. 
The message also announced that the 
House has agreed to H. Res. 4, resolving that the Clerk be instructed to inform the President of the United States that the House of Representatives has elect-ed J
OHNA. B OEHNER , a Representative 
from the State of Ohio as Speaker, and Karen L. Haas, a citizen of the State of Maryland as Clerk of the House of Rep-resentatives of the One Hundred Four-teenth Congress. 
The message further announced that 
pursuant to House Resolution 3, the Speaker appoints the following Mem-bers of the House of Representatives to join a committee on the part of the Senate to notify the President of the United States that a quorum of each House has assembled and that Congress is ready to receive any communication that he may be pleased to make: Mr. M
CCARTHY of California and Ms. P ELOSI  
of California. 
At 11:41 a.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that pursuant to 2 U.S.C. 2001, and the order of the House of today the Speaker appoints the fol-lowing Members to the House Office Building Commission to serve with himself: Mr. M
CCARTHY of California 
and Ms. P ELOSI of California. 
At 5:01 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 26. An act to extend the termination 
date of the Terrorism Insurance Program es-tablished under the Terrorism Risk Insur-ance Act of 2002, and for other purposes. 
f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE 
CALENDAR 
The following bill was read the sec-
ond time, and placed on the calendar: 
S. 1. A bill to approve the Keystone XL 
Pipeline. 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER 
COMMUNICATIONS 
The following communications were 
laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–1. A communication from the Manage-
ment and Program Analyst, Federal Avia-tion Administration, Department of Trans-portation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthiness Di-rectives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0449)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on De-cember 16, 2014; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–2. A communication from the Manage-
ment and Program Analyst, Federal Avia-tion Administration, Department of Trans-portation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthiness Di-rectives; Agusta S.p.A. Helicopters (Type Certificate Currently Held by AgustaWestland S.p.A.) (Agusta)’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0472)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 16, 2014; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3. A communication from the Manage-
ment and Program Analyst, Federal Avia-tion Administration, Department of Trans-portation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthiness Di-rectives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0425)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on De-cember 16, 2014; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–4. A communication from the Manage-
ment and Program Analyst, Federal Avia-tion Administration, Department of Trans-portation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthiness Di-rectives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0132)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on De-cember 16, 2014; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JA6.062 S07JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S55 January 7, 2015 
EC–5. A communication from the Manage-
ment and Program Analyst, Federal Avia-tion Administration, Department of Trans-portation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthiness Di-rectives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0191)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 16, 2014; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–6. A communication from the Manage-
ment and Program Analyst, Federal Avia-tion Administration, Department of Trans-portation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthiness Di-rectives; Fokker Services B.V. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0062)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 16, 2014; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–7. A communication from the Manage-
ment and Program Analyst, Federal Avia-tion Administration, Department of Trans-portation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthiness Di-rectives; The Boeing Company Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0170)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 16, 2014; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–8. A communication from the Manage-
ment and Program Analyst, Federal Avia-tion Administration, Department of Trans-portation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthiness Di-rectives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0489)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 16, 2014; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–9. A communication from the Manage-
ment and Program Analyst, Federal Avia-tion Administration, Department of Trans-portation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthiness Di-rectives; The Boeing Company Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0256)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 16, 2014; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–10. A communication from the Manage-
ment and Program Analyst, Federal Avia-tion Administration, Department of Trans-portation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthiness Di-rectives; Pratt and Whitney Division Tur-bofan Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0072)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 16, 2014; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–11. A communication from the Manage-
ment and Program Analyst, Federal Avia-tion Administration, Department of Trans-portation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthiness Di-rectives; Robinson Helicopter Company Heli-copters’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2014–0159)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on December 16, 2014; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–12. A communication from the Manage-
ment and Program Analyst, Federal Avia-tion Administration, Department of Trans-portation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthiness Di-rectives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No . FAA–2014–0193)) received in the 
Office of the President of the Senate on De-cember 16, 2014; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–13. A communication from the Manage-
ment and Program Analyst, Federal Avia-tion Administration, Department of Trans-
portation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthiness Di-rectives; Various de Havilland Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0701)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 16, 2014; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–14. A communication from the Manage-
ment and Program Analyst, Federal Avia-tion Administration, Department of Trans-portation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthiness Di-rectives; The Boeing Company Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0195)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 16, 2014; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–15. A communication from the Manage-
ment and Program Analyst, Federal Avia-tion Administration, Department of Trans-portation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthiness Di-rectives; Rolls Royce plc Turbofan Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0449)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 16, 2014; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–16. A communication from the Manage-
ment and Program Analyst, Federal Avia-tion Administration, Department of Trans-portation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthiness Di-rectives; Dowty Propellers Constant Speed Propellers’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2009–0776)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 16, 2014; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–17. A communication from the Manage-
ment and Program Analyst, Federal Avia-tion Administration, Department of Trans-portation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthiness Di-rectives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No . FAA–2014–0776)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on De-cember 16, 2014; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–18. A communication from the Manage-
ment and Program Analyst, Federal Avia-tion Administration, Department of Trans-portation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthiness Di-rectives; The Boeing Company Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0235)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 16, 2014; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–19. A communication from the Manage-
ment and Program Analyst, Federal Avia-tion Administration, Department of Trans-portation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthiness Di-rectives; Agusta S.p.A. Helicopters’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0971)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 16, 2014; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science , and Trans-portation. 
EC–20. A communication from the Manage-
ment and Program Analyst, Federal Avia-tion Administration, Department of Trans-portation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthiness Di-rectives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No . FAA–2014–0452)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on De-cember 16, 2014; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–21. A communication from the Manage-
ment and Program Analyst, Federal Avia-tion Administration, Department of Trans-portation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthiness Di-
rectives; The Boeing Company Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0289)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 16, 2014; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–22. A communication from the Manage-
ment and Program Analyst, Federal Avia-tion Administration, Department of Trans-portation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthiness Di-rectives; The Boeing Company Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0430)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 16, 2014; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–23. A communication from the Manage-
ment and Program Analyst, Federal Avia-tion Administration, Department of Trans-portation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthiness Di-rectives; The Boeing Company Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0836)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 16, 2014; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–24. A communication from the Manage-
ment and Program Analyst, Federal Avia-tion Administration, Department of Trans-portation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthiness Di-rectives; PILATUS AIRCRAFT LTD. Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2014–0594)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on December 16, 2014; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–25. A communication from the Manage-
ment and Program Analyst, Federal Avia-tion Administration, Department of Trans-portation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthiness Di-rectives; Piper Aircraft, Inc.’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0437)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 16, 2014; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–26. A communication from the Manage-
ment and Program Analyst, Federal Avia-tion Administration, Department of Trans-portation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthiness Di-rectives; Various Restricted Category Heli-copters’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2014–0337)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on December 16, 2014; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–27. A communication from the Manage-
ment and Program Analyst, Federal Avia-tion Administration, Department of Trans-portation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthiness Di-rectives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No . FAA–2013–1066)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on De-cember 16, 2014; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–28. A communication from the Manage-
ment and Program Analyst, Federal Avia-tion Administration, Department of Trans-portation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthiness Di-rectives; The Boeing Company Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0168)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 16, 2014; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–29. A communication from the Manage-
ment and Program Analyst, Federal Avia-tion Administration, Department of Trans-portation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthiness Di-rectives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:18 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JA6.011 S07JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S56 January 7, 2015 
(Docket No . FAA–2013–1064)) received in the 
Office of the President of the Senate on De-cember 16, 2014; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–30. A communication from the Manage-
ment and Program Analyst, Federal Avia-tion Administration, Department of Trans-portation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthiness Di-rectives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No . FAA–2014–0192)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on De-cember 16, 2014; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–31. A communication from the Manage-
ment and Program Analyst, Federal Avia-tion Administration, Department of Trans-portation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthiness Di-rectives; The Boeing Company Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0288)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 16, 2014; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–32. A communication from the Manage-
ment and Program Analyst, Federal Avia-tion Administration, Department of Trans-portation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instru-ment Approach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (130); Amdt. No. 3611’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 16, 2014; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–33. A communication from the Manage-
ment and Program Analyst, Federal Avia-tion Administration, Department of Trans-portation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instru-ment Approach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (67); Amdt. No. 3612’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 16, 2014; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–34. A communication from the Manage-
ment and Program Analyst, Federal Avia-tion Administration, Department of Trans-portation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instru-ment Approach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (101); Amdt. No. 3614’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 16, 2014; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–35. A communication from the Manage-
ment and Program Analyst, Federal Avia-tion Administration, Department of Trans-portation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instru-ment Approach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (124); Amdt. No. 3613’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 16, 2014; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–36. A communication from the Manage-
ment and Program Analyst, Federal Avia-tion Administration, Department of Trans-portation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instru-ment Approach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (60); Amdt. No. 3617’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 16, 2014; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–37. A communication from the Manage-
ment and Program Analyst, Federal Avia-tion Administration, Department of Trans-portation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the 
report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instru-ment Approach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (19); 
Amdt. No. 3616’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 16, 2014; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–38. A communication from the Manage-
ment and Program Analyst, Federal Avia-tion Administration, Department of Trans-portation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instru-ment Approach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (60); Amdt. No. 3615’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 16, 2014; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–39. A communication from the Manage-
ment and Program Analyst, Federal Avia-tion Administration, Department of Trans-portation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instru-ment Approach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (296); Amdt. No. 3618’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 16, 2014; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–40. A communication from the Manage-
ment and Program Analyst, Federal Avia-tion Administration, Department of Trans-portation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Aviation Training Device Credit for Pilot Certification’’ (RIN2120–AK62) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 16, 2014; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–41. A communication from the Manage-
ment and Program Analyst, Federal Avia-tion Administration, Department of Trans-portation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amendment of Multiple Air Traffic Service (ATS) Routes; North Central and Northeast United States’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0986)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 16, 2014; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–42. A communication from the Manage-
ment and Program Analyst, Federal Avia-tion Administration, Department of Trans-portation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amendment of Class E Airspace; Roanoke Rapids, NC’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0792)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 16, 2014; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–43. A communication from the Manage-
ment and Program Analyst, Federal Avia-tion Administration, Department of Trans-portation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establishment of Class D and E Airspace; Hammond, LA’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0600)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 16, 2014; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–44. A communication from the Manage-
ment and Program Analyst, Federal Avia-tion Administration, Department of Trans-portation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amendment of Class D Airspace; MacDill AFB, FL’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0541)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 16, 2014; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–45. A communication from the Manage-
ment and Program Analyst, Federal Avia-tion Administration, Department of Trans-portation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amendment of Class E Airspace; Lakeport, CA’’ ((RIN2120– AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0309)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 16, 2014; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–46. A communication from the Manage-
ment and Program Analyst, Federal Avia-tion Administration, Department of Trans-portation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amendment of Class E Airspace; Apalachicola, FL’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0831)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 16, 2014; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–47. A communication from the Manage-
ment and Program Analyst, Federal Avia-tion Administration, Department of Trans-portation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airspace Designa-tions; Incorporation by Reference Amend-ments’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA– 2014–0540)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on December 16, 2014; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–48. A communication from the Manage-
ment and Program Analyst, Federal Avia-tion Administration, Department of Trans-portation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establishment and Amendment of Class D and E Airspace; Santa Rosa, CA’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0305)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 16, 2014; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–49. A communication from the Manage-
ment and Program Analyst, Federal Avia-tion Administration, Department of Trans-portation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthiness Di-rectives; The Boeing Company Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0174)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 16, 2014; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–50. A communication from the Manage-
ment and Program Analyst, Federal Avia-tion Administration, Department of Trans-portation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthiness Di-rectives; The Boeing Company Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0232)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 16, 2014; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–51. A communication from the Manage-
ment and Program Analyst, Federal Avia-tion Administration, Department of Trans-portation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthiness Di-rectives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0483)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 16, 2014; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–52. A communication from the General 
Counsel of the National Credit Union Admin-istration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Credit Union Ownership of Fixed Assets’’ (RIN3133– AE05) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 15, 2014; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban 
Affairs. 
EC–53. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Department of Commerce’s Bu-reau of Industry and Security Annual Report 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:18 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JA6.013 S07JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S57 January 7, 2015 
for fiscal year 2014; to the Committee on 
Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–54. A communication from the Chair-
man, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a semiannual re-port relative to the status of the Commis-sion’s licensing activities and regulatory du-ties; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–55. A communication from the Execu-
tive Secretary, National Labor Relations Board, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Representation—Case Procedures’’ (RIN3142–AA08) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on De-cember 15, 2014; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–56. A communication from the Chief of 
Staff, Natural Resources Conservation Serv-ice, Department of Agriculture, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Environmental Quality Incentives Program (EQIP)’’ ((RIN0578–AA62) (Docket No. NRCS–2014–0007)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 15, 2014; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–57. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Office of Government Ethics, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the Office’s fiscal year 2013 annual report relative to the Notifica-tion and Federal Employee Antidiscrimina-tion and Retaliation Act; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–58. A communication from the Chair-
man, Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Board’s fiscal year 2014 Performance and Ac-countability Report; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–59. A communication from the Chair-
man, Occupational Safety and Health Review Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commission’s Performance and Account-ability Report for fiscal year 2014; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
EC–60. A communication from the Presi-
dent and CEO of the African Development Foundation, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to 2014 grant audits; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
EC–61. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Office of Administration, Executive Of-fice of the President, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to transactions from the Unanticipated Needs Account for fiscal year 2014; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–62. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Consumer Product Safety Com-mission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Semiannual Report of the Inspector General for the period from April 1, 2014 through Sep-tember 30, 2014; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–63. A communication from the Special 
Counsel, United States Office of the Special Counsel, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Uniform Resource Locator (URL) for the Of-fice of Special Counsel’s Performance and Accountability Report for fiscal year 2014; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–64. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Office of Personnel Management, the President’s Pay Agent, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a report relative to the extension of locality based comparability payments; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–65. A communication from the United 
States Trade Representative, Executive Of-fice of the President, transmitting a report relative to the ongoing negotiations of the 
Environmental Goods Agreement (EGA); to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–66. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a section of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 14–4160); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–67. A communication from the Senior 
Counsel, Office of the Attorney General, De-partment of Justice, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Na-tional Instant Criminal Background Check System Regulation’’ (RIN1110–AA27) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on December 15, 2014; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. THUNE (for himself, Ms. 
AYOTTE , Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. G RASSLEY , 
Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. I SAKSON , Mrs. F ISCH-
ER, and Mr. B LUNT ): 
S. 38. A bill to ensure that long-term un-
employed individuals are not taken into ac-count for purposes of the employer health care coverage mandate; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. HELLER (for himself, Mr. 
M
ANCHIN , Mr. B ARRASSO , and Mr. V IT-
TER): 
S. 39. A bill to provide that Members of 
Congress may not receive pay after October 1 of any fiscal year in which Congress has not approved a concurrent resolution on the budget and passed the regular appropriations bills; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. 
By Mr. LEAHY (for himself, Mr. 
F
RANKEN , Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE , and Mr. H EINRICH ): 
S. 40. A bill to direct the Federal Commu-
nications Commission to promulgate regula-tions that prohibit certain preferential treatment or prioritization of Internet traf-fic; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. HELLER: 
S. 41. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 to provide for a deduction for travel expenses to medical centers of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs in connection with examinations or treatments relating to service-connected disabilities; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 42. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Health and Human Services to address cer-tain inconsistencies between the self-at-tested information provided by an applicant in enrolling in a health plan on an Exchange and being determined eligible for premium tax credits and cost-sharing reductions or in being determined to be eligible for enroll-ment in a State Medicaid plan or a State child health plan under the State Children’s Health Insurance Program and the data re-ceived through the Federal Data Services Hub or from other data sources; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 43. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 to provide a Federal income tax credit for certain stem cell research expendi-tures; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 44. A bill to provide for the expedited 
processing of unaccompanied alien children illegally entering the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 45. A bill to amend section 301 of the Im-
migration and Nationality Act to clarify those classes of individuals born in the United States who are nationals and citizens of the United States at birth; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 46. A bill to reduce the amount of finan-
cial assistance provided to the Government of Mexico in response to the illegal border crossings from Mexico into the United States, which serve to dissipate the political discontent with the higher unemployment rate within Mexico; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 47. A bill to prohibit the implementation 
of any program that grants temporary legal status to, or adjusts the status of, any indi-vidual who is unlawfully present in the United States until the Secretary of Home-land Security certifies that the US–VISIT system has been fully implemented at every land, sea, and air port of entry; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 48. A bill to prohibit discrimination 
against the unborn on the basis of sex or gen-der, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 49. A bill to include a question to ascer-
tain United States citizenship and immigra-tion status in each questionnaire used for a decennial census of population, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 50. A bill to amend the Public Health 
Service Act to prohibit certain abortion-re-lated discrimination in governmental activi-ties; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 51. A bill to amend title X of the Public 
Health Service Act to prohibit family plan-ning grants from being awarded to any enti-ty that performs abortions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 52. A bill to close the loophole that al-
lowed the 9/11 hijackers to obtain credit cards from United States banks that fi-nanced their terrorist activities, to ensure that illegal immigrants cannot obtain credit cards to evade United States immigration laws, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 53. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 to clarify eligibility for the child tax credit; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 54. A bill to amend the Federal Water 
Pollution Control Act to confirm the scope of the authority of the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to deny or restrict the use of defined areas as disposal sites; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 55. A bill to extend the seaward bound-
aries of certain States, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 56. A bill to prohibit universal service 
support of commercial mobile service through the Lifeline program; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:21 Nov 18, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JAN 15\S07JA5.REC S07JA5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S58 January 7, 2015 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 57. A bill to amend the Food and Nutri-
tion Act of 2008 to prevent the illegal traf-ficking of supplemental nutrition assistance program benefits by requiring all program beneficiaries to show valid photo identifica-tion when purchasing items with program benefits; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 58. A bill to ensure orderly conduct of 
Nuclear Regulatory Commission actions; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 59. A bill to reject the final 5-year Outer 
Continental Shelf Oil and Gas Leasing Pro-gram for fiscal years 2012 through 2017 of the Administration and replace the plan with a 5-year plan that is more in line with the en-ergy and economic needs of the United States; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 60. A bill to prohibit aliens who are not 
lawfully present in the United States from being eligible for postsecondary education benefits that are not available to all citizens and nationals of the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 61. A bill to provide for the conveyance 
of certain National Forest System land in the State of Louisiana; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 62. A bill to amend section 1951 of title 
18, United States Code (commonly known as the Hobbs Act), and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 63. A bill to require all public school em-
ployees and those employed in connection with a public school to receive FBI back-ground checks prior to being hired, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 64. A bill to amend title IV of the Social 
Security Act to require States to implement a drug testing program for applicants for and recipients of assistance under the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF) pro-gram; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 65. A bill to authorize the Moving to 
Work Charter program to enable public hous-ing agencies to improve the effectiveness of Federal housing assistance, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 66. A bill to prohibit any regulation re-
garding carbon dioxide or other greenhouse gas emissions reduction in the United States until China, India, and Russia implement similar reductions; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 67. A bill to amend the Securities Inves-
tor Protection Act of 1970 to confirm that a customer’s net equity claim is based on the customer’s last statement and that certain recoveries are prohibited, to change how trustees are appointed, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 68. A bill to amend the Immigration and 
Nationality Act to make voting in a Federal election by an unlawfully present alien an aggravated felony and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 69. A bill to require that the Govern-
ment give priority to payment of all obliga-tions on the debt held by the public and pay-ment of Social Security benefits in the event that the debt limit is reached; to the Com-
mittee on Finance. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 70. A bill to direct the General Account-
ability Office to conduct a full audit of hur-ricane protection funding and cost estimates associated with post-Katrina hurricane pro-tection; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 71. A bill to preserve open competition 
and Federal Government neutrality towards the labor relations of Federal Government contractors on Federal and federally funded construction projects; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 72. A bill to allow for the portability of 
funds under title I of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 73. A bill to prohibit the Federal Gov-
ernment from mandating, incentivizing, or coercing States to adopt the Common Core State Standards or any other specific aca-demic standards, instructional content, cur-ricula, assessments, or programs of instruc-tion; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 74. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 to provide for dependent care savings accounts; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 75. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 to require the social security number of the student and the employer identification number of the educational in-stitution for purposes of education tax cred-its; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 76. A bill to provide tax relief with re-
spect to the Hurricane Isaac disaster area; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 77. A bill to repeal the Patient Protec-
tion and Affordable Care Act; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 78. A bill to impose admitting privilege 
requirements with respect to physicians who perform abortions; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 79. A bill to impose a fine with respect 
to international remittance transfers if the sender is unable to verify legal status in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 80. A bill to prohibit appropriated funds 
from being used in contravention of section 642(a) of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mrs. FEINSTEIN: 
S. 81. A bill to authorize preferential treat-
ment for certain imports from Nepal, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 82. A bill to suspend sales of petroleum 
products from the Strategic Petroleum Re-serve until certain conditions are met; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. HELLER (for himself, Mr. K
ING, 
Ms. M URKOWSKI , and Ms. C OLLINS ): 
S. 83. A bill to amend the Fair Labor 
Standards Act of 1938 to improve nonretalia-tion provisions relating to equal pay require-ments; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. By Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Ms. 
C
OLLINS , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. S CHATZ , 
and Mr. C OONS ): 
S. 84. A bill to provide grants to better un-
derstand and reduce gestational diabetes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. KING (for himself, Mr. B
URR, 
Mr. W ARNER , Mr. R UBIO, Ms. C OLLINS , 
and Mr. A LEXANDER ): 
S. 85. A bill to amend the Higher Education 
Act of 1965 to establish a simplified income- driven repayment plan, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 86. A bill to amend title 44 of the United 
States Code, to provide for the suspension of fines under certain circumstances for first- time paperwork violations by small business concerns; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 87. A bill to require the disclosure of de-
terminations with respect to which Congres-sional staff will be required to obtain health insurance coverage through an Exchange; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 88. A bill to amend the Clean Air Act to 
clarify the definition of accidental release, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 89. A bill to repeal the Dodd-Frank Wall 
Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 90. A bill to amend the Migratory Bird 
Treaty Act to authorize hunting under cer-tain circumstances; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. 
By Mr. HELLER (for himself and Mr. 
V
ITTER ): 
S. 91. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 to allow refunds of Federal motor fuel excise taxes on fuels used in mo-bile mammography vehicles; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
By Mr. VITTER (for himself and Ms. 
H
EITKAMP ): 
S. 92. A bill to reaffirm the importance of 
community banking and community bank-ing regulatory experience on the Federal Re-serve Board of Governors, to ensure that the Federal Reserve Board of Governors has a member who has previous experience in com-munity banking or community banking su-pervision, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 93. A bill to withhold United States con-
tributions to the United Nations until the United Nations formally retracts the final report of the ‘‘United Nations Fact Finding Mission on the Gaza Conflict’’; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 94. A bill to prohibit the provision of 
Federal funds to State and local govern-ments for payment of obligations, to pro-hibit the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System from financially assisting State and local governments, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 95. A bill to terminate the $1 presi-
dential coin program; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 96. A bill to amend the Consumer Finan-
cial Protection Act of 2010 to provide con-sumers with a free annual disclosure of infor-mation the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection maintains on them, and for other 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:18 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JA6.017 S07JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S59 January 7, 2015 
purposes; to the Committee on Banking, 
Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 97. A bill to clarify that the anti-kick-
back laws apply to qualified health plans, the federally-facilitated marketplaces, and other plans and programs under title I of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 98. A bill to amend the Immigration and 
Nationality Act to promote innovation, in-vestment, and research in the United States, to eliminate the diversity immigrant pro-gram, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 99. A bill to amend title II of the Social 
Security Act to allow workers who attain age 65 after 1981 and before 1992 to choose ei-ther lump sum payments over four years to-taling $5,000 or an improved benefit computa-tion formula under a new 10-year rule gov-erning the transition to the changes in ben-efit computation rules enacted in the Social Security Amendments of 1977, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 100. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide a tax deduction for itemizers and nonitemizers for expenses relating to home schooling; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 101. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to expand the Coverdell education savings accounts to allow home school education expenses, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 102. A bill to amend the public charter 
school provisions of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. HELLER: 
S. 103. A bill to appropriate such funds as 
may be necessary to ensure that members of the Armed Forces, including reserve compo-nents thereof, and supporting civilian and contractor personnel continue to receive pay and allowances for active service performed when a funding gap caused by the failure to enact interim or full-year appropriations for the Armed Forces occurs, which results in the furlough of non-emergency personnel and the curtailment of Government activities and services; to the Committee on Appro-priations. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 104. A bill to provide for full and open 
competition for Federal contracts related to natural disaster reconstruction efforts; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 105. A bill to permit management of the 
red snapper by Gulf Coast States and for other purposes; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 106. A bill to amend the Federal Water 
Pollution Control Act to permit removal to United States district courts of certain civil actions filed in State courts; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 107. A bill to amend the Financial Sta-
bility Act of 2010 to repeal certain designa-tion authority of the Financial Stability Oversight Council , to repeal the Payment, Clearing, and Settlement Supervision Act of 2010, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. 
By Mr. ALEXANDER (for himself, Mr. 
B
ENNET , Mr. B URR, Mr. K ING, Mr. 
ISAKSON , and Mr. B OOKER ): S. 108. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-
cation Act of 1965 to improve access for stu-dents to Federal grants and loans to help pay for postsecondary, graduate, and professional educational opportunities, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. HELLER: 
S. 109. A bill to prohibit the consideration 
of any bill by Congress unless the authority provided by the Constitution of the United States for the legislation can be determined and is clearly specified; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. 
By Mr. HELLER: 
S. 110. A bill to rescind funds made avail-
able to the Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency if the Adminis-trator fails to meet certain deadlines; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
By Mr. HELLER: 
S. 111. A bill to prohibit a Federal agency 
from establishing or implementing a policy that discourages or prohibits the selection of a resort or vacation destination as the loca-tion for a conference or event, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. 
By Mr. HELLER: 
S. 112. A bill to amend the Endangered Spe-
cies Act of 1973 to require the Secretary of the Interior to publish and make available for public comment a draft economic anal-ysis at the time a proposed rule to designate critical habitat is published; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
By Mr. HELLER: 
S. 113. A bill to ensure that Federal Reg-
ister notices submitted to the Bureau of Land Management are reviewed in a timely manner; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. HELLER: 
S. 114. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to provide the public with access to research of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. HELLER: 
S. 115. A bill to increase oversight of small 
business assistance programs provided by the Small Business Administration; to the Com-mittee on Small Business and Entrepreneur-ship. 
By Mr. HELLER: 
S. 116. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to repeal the excise tax on telephone and other communications serv-ices; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. HELLER (for himself and Mr. 
C
RUZ): 
S. 117. A bill to recognize Jerusalem as the 
capital of Israel, to relocate to Jerusalem the United States Embassy in Israel, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. 118. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Health and Human Services to address cer-
tain inconsistencies between the self-at-test-ed information provided by an applicant in enrolling a health plan on an Exchange and being determined eligible for premium tax credits and cost-sharing reductions or in being determined to be eligible for enroll-ment in a State Medicaid plan or a State child health plan under the State Children’s Health Insurance Program and the data re-ceived through the Federal Data Services Hub or from other data sources; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: By Mr. M CCONNELL: 
S. Res. 21. A resolution making majority 
party appointments for the 114th Congress; considered and agreed to. 
By Mr. DURBIN (for Mr. REID): 
S. Res. 22. A resolution to constitute the 
minority party’s membership on certain committees for the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress, or until their successors are cho-sen; considered and agreed to. 
By Mr. VITTER: 
S. Con. Res. 1. A concurrent resolution ex-
pressing the sense of Congress that a carbon tax is not in the economic interest of the United States; to the Committee on Finance. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 12 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the 
names of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
ESSIONS ), the Senator from Wyo-
ming (Mr. B ARRASSO ) and the Senator 
from Nevada (Mr. H ELLER ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 12, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health cov-erage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act. 
S. 16 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , the 
name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. L
EE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 16, 
a bill to amend the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act to apply the provisions of the Act to certain Con-gressional staff and members of the ex-ecutive branch. 
S. 23 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
23, a bill to amend title 17, United States Code, with respect to the defini-tion of ‘‘widow’’ and ‘‘widower’’, and for other purposes. 
S. 29 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
29, a bill to repeal the Defense of Mar-riage Act and ensure respect for State regulation of marriage. 
S. 30 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the 
names of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ), the Senator from Mis-
souri (Mr. B LUNT ), the Senator from 
Kansas (Mr. M ORAN ), the Senator from 
Utah (Mr. H ATCH ), the Senator from 
New Hampshire (Ms. A YOTTE ), the Sen-
ator from South Carolina (Mr. S COTT), 
the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P ORTMAN ), 
the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. B
URR), the Senator from Nebraska 
(Mrs. F ISCHER ), the Senator from Iowa 
(Mr. G RASSLEY ), the Senator from Kan-
sas (Mr. R OBERTS ), the Senator from 
Louisiana (Mr. V ITTER ), the Senator 
from South Dakota (Mr. T HUNE ), the 
Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B OOZMAN ), 
the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A LEX-
ANDER ), the Senator from Wyoming 
(Mr. E NZI), the Senator from Idaho (Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:18 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JA6.020 S07JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S60 January 7, 2015 
CRAPO ), the Senator from Wyoming 
(Mr. B ARRASSO ), the Senator from 
Georgia (Mr. I SAKSON ), the Senator 
from North Dakota (Mr. H OEVEN ), the 
Senator from Illinois (Mr. K IRK), the 
Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W ICKER ), 
the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G ARD-
NER) and the Senator from Kentucky 
(Mr. P AUL) were added as cosponsors of 
S. 30, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to modify the defini-tion of full-time employee for purposes of the employer mandate in the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
S. 31 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 31, a bill to amend part D of title XVIII of the Social Security Act to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to negotiate covered part D drug prices on behalf of Medi-care beneficiaries. 
S.J. RES. 1 
At the request of Mr. V ITTER , the 
name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S.J. Res. 1, a joint resolution pro-posing an amendment to the Constitu-tion of the United States relative to limiting the number of terms that a Member of Congress may serve. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. LEAHY (for himself, Mr. 
FRANKEN , Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. 
WHITEHOUSE , and Mr. H EINRICH ): 
S. 40. A bill to direct the Federal 
Communications Commission to pro-mulgate regulations that prohibit cer-tain preferential treatment or prioritization of Internet traffic; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, for near-
ly a year now, Americans across the country have made their voices heard on the critical issue of how we protect an open Internet. Their message has been loud and clear—they want mean-ingful rules that protect the Internet as a platform for free expression and innovation. Consumers want to see the online space as we have always known it, as a place where the best ideas and services can reach users on merit rath-er than based on a financial relation-ship with a broadband provider. Last Congress I joined with my friend in the House, Representative D
ORIS MATSUI of 
California, to introduce bicameral leg-islation requiring the Federal Commu-nications Commission, FCC, to ban ‘‘pay-to-play’’ deals on the Internet. Today, I am pleased to once again join with her to reintroduce this important bill. 
When we originally introduced this 
legislation last June, nearly 300,000 Americans had commented on FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler’s open Internet proposal. That number alone would have been an impressive level of public engagement. Since that time, however, 
the number of public comments filed at the FCC has swelled to nearly 4 mil-lion. As the comments show, con-sumers are concerned that without meaningful rules the Internet will be-come a place where broadband pro-viders charge tolls to websites or appli-cations for them to reach end users. This would represent a fundamental de-parture from the way in which con-sumers and entrepreneurs interact with the Internet. A two-tiered Inter-net based on ability to pay would harm the innovative and competitive envi-ronment we have all come to expect in the online world. 
Like an overwhelming number of the 
public, I have grave concerns that a pay-to-play Internet would allow larger companies to squeeze out their com-petitors, stifling competition online. A small web company in Vermont that develops an idea to rival the largest Silicon Valley titans should not have to worry that its access to consumers could be blocked because its competi-tors have a paid arrangement with broadband providers. The next genera-tion of Internet companies and retail-ers should have the same protections that allowed a company like the Vermont Country Store to become a thriving online success. 
Pay-to-play arrangements would also 
harm consumers, who would not have the assurance that the service they are paying for will provide the speed that they want. Too many Americans cur-rently lack real choice in broadband providers, particularly those in rural areas. A pay-to-play Internet could re-sult in whole swaths of the Internet be-coming functionally inaccessible to the customers of certain Internet pro-viders. This is not the Internet we know today, and the FCC or Congress must act to ensure that it does not come to pass. 
The Online Competition and Con-
sumer Choice Act is straightforward. It requires the FCC to establish rules pre-venting providers from charging websites for priority access. It also re-quires rules to prevent providers from prioritizing their own affiliated con-tent or services. These are simple rules to preserve the equal platform we know online today. 
This legislation should not be used 
by opponents of meaningful open Inter-net rules to undermine the FCC’s im-portant work to craft open Internet rules that will protect consumers and innovators. To the contrary, this bill sets out important policy positions that the FCC should adopt in its cur-rent consideration of open Internet rules. The FCC should not hesitate to act at its February meeting to ban these deals outright. 
The importance of an open Internet 
is an issue that resonates in homes and businesses across the country. I spent significant time last year listening to voices outside of Washington, particu-larly those of Vermonters, so that I could hear firsthand about the impact the Internet has had on small busi-
nesses and consumers. The Judiciary Committee held two hearings on this issue, including one in Vermont, where I heard exactly these kinds of stories. These are not people looking for a handout or special treatment—these are entrepreneurs and consumers who simply want the Internet to remain an equalizing tool regardless of where you live or how deep your pockets are. 
There should be widespread agree-
ment to prevent special deals that harm consumers and dampen online in-novation. The FCC and Congress should rightly focus on this timely and signifi-cant issue to protect innovation and competition online. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 40 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Online Com-
petition and Consumer Choice Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. FCC REGULATIONS PROHIBITING CER-
TAIN PREFERENTIAL TREATMENT OR PRIORITIZATION OF INTERNET TRAFFIC. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commission shall promulgate regula-tions that— 
(1) prohibit a broadband provider from en-
tering into an agreement with an edge pro-vider under which the broadband provider agrees, for consideration, in transmitting network traffic over the broadband Internet access service of an end user, to give pref-erential treatment or priority to the traffic of such edge provider over the traffic of other edge providers; and 
(2) prohibit a broadband provider, in trans-
mitting network traffic over the broadband Internet access service of an end user, from giving preferential treatment or priority to the traffic of content, applications, services, or devices that are provided or operated by such broadband provider, or an affiliate of such broadband provider, over the traffic of other content, applications, services, or de-vices. 
(b) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .— 
(1) C ERTAIN TRAFFIC NOT AFFECTED .—Noth-
ing in this section shall be construed as su-perseding any obligation or authorization a broadband provider may have to address the needs of emergency communications or law enforcement, public safety, or national secu-rity authorities, consistent with or as per-mitted by applicable law, or as limiting the ability of the provider to do so. 
(2) C
LARIFICATION OF AUTHORITY .—Nothing 
in this section shall be construed as limiting the authority of the Commission under any other provision of law, including the author-ity to promulgate regulations prohibiting or limiting preferential treatment or prioritization of the traffic of an edge pro-vider by a broadband provider under GN Docket No. 14–28 (relating to the matter of protecting and promoting the open Internet). 
(c) E
NFORCEMENT .—For purposes of sec-
tions 503(b) and 504 of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 503(b); 504), this section shall be considered to be a part of such Act. With respect to enforcement under this sec-tion only, the following modifications of such section 503(b) shall apply: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:18 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JA6.008 S07JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S61 January 7, 2015 
(1) Paragraph (5) shall not apply. 
(2) Paragraph (6) shall be applied by sub-
stituting the following: ‘‘No forfeiture pen-alty shall be determined or imposed against any person under this subsection if the viola-tion charged occurred more than 3 years prior to the date of issuance of the required notice or notice of apparent liability.’’. 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A FFILIATE .—The term ‘‘affiliate’’ has 
the meaning given such term in section 3 of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 153). 
(2) B
ROADBAND INTERNET ACCESS SERVICE .— 
The term ‘‘broadband Internet access serv-ice’’ has the meaning given such term in sec-tion 8.11 of title 47, Code of Federal Regula-tions. 
(3) B
ROADBAND PROVIDER .—The term 
‘‘broadband provider’’ means a provider of broadband Internet access service. 
(4) C
OMMISSION .—The term ‘‘Commission’’ 
means the Federal Communications Com-mission. 
(5) E
DGE PROVIDER .—The term ‘‘edge pro-
vider’’ means an individual, institution, or other entity that provides— 
(A) any content, application, or service 
over the Internet; or 
(B) a device used for accessing any content, 
application, or service over the Internet. 
(6) E
ND USER .—The term ‘‘end user’’ means 
an individual, institution, or other entity that uses a broadband Internet access serv-ice. 
By Mrs. FEINSTEIN: 
S. 81. A bill to authorize preferential 
treatment for certain imports from Nepal, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I 
rise today to introduce the Nepal Trade Preferences Act. 
This legislation is simple and 
straightforward. It grants duty-free status to imports of Nepalese garments for a ten year period. 
I have been a friend of Nepal and the 
Nepalese people for over 25 years. I have witnessed its political struggle and sadly the deterioration of its ready-made garment industry. 
The Nepal Trade Preferences Act bill 
will promote much-needed economic development and contribute to lasting political stability in one of the world’s poorest countries. 
Allow me to go over some basic facts 
of everyday life in Nepal. 
Nepal has a per capita income of $730. Approximately 25 percent of the Ne-
pal’s 24 million people live in poverty. 
The unemployment rate in Nepal 
stands at a staggering 47 percent; and most Nepalese live on $2 a day. 
The 2005 phase-out of the Micro-Fiber 
Arrangement, which established export quotas from developing nations, has deeply damaged Nepal’s apparel indus-try. 
Instead of continuing to import gar-
ments from Nepal, U.S. importers have shifted their orders to China, Ban-gladesh and other low-cost labor mar-kets. 
In fact, the number of people em-
ployed by the Nepalese garment indus-try dropped from over 90,000 people to less than 5,000 today; textile and ap-parel exports from Nepal to the United States fell from approximately $95 mil-lion in 2005 to $45 million in 2013; and 
the number of garment factories plum-meted from 212 to 30. 
Despite Nepal’s poverty and the near- 
collapse of the garment industry, Nepa-lese garment imports are still subject to an average U.S. tariff of 11.7 percent and can be as high as 32 percent. 
In essence, we are unfairly taxing the 
imports of a highly impoverished coun-try that cannot afford it. Taxing tex-tile and apparel imports from Nepal, which constitute .01 percent of all U.S. imports, makes no sense. 
I would point out that U.S. tariffs on 
Nepalese garments stand in contrast to the policies of the European Union, Canada, and Australia, which all allow Nepalese garments into their markets duty free. 
It should come as no surprise, then, 
that while the U.S. share of Nepalese garment exports has fallen, the Euro-pean Union’s share has risen from 18.14 percent in 2006 to 46 percent in 2010. 
The purpose of the ‘‘Nepal Trade 
Preferences Act’’ is to ensure that we provide Nepal with the same trade pref-erences afforded to it by other devel-oped countries. No more, no less. 
Humanitarian and development as-
sistance programs should be critical components of our efforts to help Nepal. I was proud to support the President’s budget request of $77 mil-lion for Nepal in fiscal year 2015. 
But assistance is no substitute for or-
ganic economic development. We should help the Nepalese people help themselves by reopening the U.S. mar-ket to a once thriving export industry. 
In the end, economic growth and 
prosperity can be best achieved when Nepal is given the chance to compete and grow in a free and open global mar-ketplace. 
With this legislation, the United 
States can make a real difference now to help revitalize the garment industry in Nepal and promote economic growth and higher living standards. 
There is no doubt that Nepal has 
struggled to draft a new constitution and coalesce around a governing major-ity. 
While only Nepal can chart its polit-
ical course, passing this measure would undoubtedly help regenerate Nepal’s stagnant economy. 
Let us show our solidarity with the 
people of Nepal by passing this com-monsense measure. 
I urge my colleagues to support the 
Nepal Trade Preferences Act. 
By Mr. ALEXANDER (for him-
self, Mr. B ENNET , Mr. B URR, Mr. 
KING, Mr. I SAKSON , and Mr. 
BOOKER ): 
S. 108. A bill to amend the Higher 
Education Act of 1965 to improve ac-cess for students to Federal grants and loans to help pay for postsecondary, graduate, and professional educational opportunities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask consent that the Senator from Col-orado, Mr. B
ENNET , and I, along with 
the Senator from Maine, Mr. K ING, the 
Senator from New Jersey, Mr. B OOKER , 
the Senator from Georgia, Mr. I SAKSON , 
and the Senator from North Carolina, Mr. B
URR, be able to engage in a col-
loquy on higher education for the next half hour. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. I further ask 
unanimous consent to use a piece of de-monstrative evidence in my remarks. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. The Senator from 
Colorado, M
ICHAEL BENNET , and I have 
been working for 1 year to make it easier for the 20 million American fam-ilies who fill out the Federal applica-tion form each year in order to receive grants and loans for college. 
The piece of demonstrative evidence 
that Senator B
ENNET and I have been 
carrying around in Tennessee and Colo-rado is the Free Application for Fed-eral Student Aid or FAFSA. This is the form that 20 million Americans fill out. It is familiar to many families as it has 108 questions, and it is important to them because about half of the Amer-ican families who have students in col-lege have a Federal grant or loan to help pay for college. 
The problem with the 108 questions is 
that they are generally unnecessary. Senator B
ENNET and I were at a Health, 
Education, Labor and Pensions Com-mittee hearing. We heard four wit-nesses representing different perspec-tives in our country saying that we only need two questions to know whether we could make a Federal grant or loan to a student from Wisconsin who wanted to go to community col-lege with roughly 95 percent accuracy. 
So today we are introducing legisla-
tion which is named the Federal Aid Simplification and Transparency, or FAST, Act. It will turn these 108 ques-tions into two—one about the amount of family income and one about the size of family. It will free students and their families from the dreaded FAFSA. It will eliminate thousands of hours of busywork by guidance coun-selors, college administrators, parents, and accountants. 
I will use a specific example. On Fri-
day I am going to Tennessee with President Obama, who has been at-tracted to our great State because we have become the first State to say to all of our high school graduates that community college is tuition-free. How can we do that in Tennessee? Tuition at community colleges, like in some places in the country, is about $3,600 per year, and the Pell grant can pay up to $5,700, but on average needy students receive about $3,300. So for about half the students, there is only a small gap between the amount the Federal Pell grant pays and what tuition costs. Ten-nessee has committed to make up the difference. 
But here is the catch: The major ob-
stacle to Tennesseans who want to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:18 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JA6.023 S07JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S62 January 7, 2015 
take advantage of the new Tennessee 
Promise Program is the 108-question form. The president of the community college in Memphis, Southwest Ten-nessee Community College, tells me he thinks he loses 1,500 students a semes-ter because of the complexity of the form. They just don’t fill it out. 
So it is a terrific example of how the 
Federal Government, with good inten-tions, has built up over the years an enormous amount of paperwork that is getting in the way of the single great-est need our State has, which is to have more of our students better trained. This will help the businesses that are attracted there offering good jobs will be able to hire people who are properly trained. 
In addition to that, our bill does the 
following things: 
It not only eliminates the 108 ques-
tions and replaces them with 2, it tells families the result earlier in the proc-ess. For example, if you have a daugh-ter who is a junior in high school, now you will be able to go online and find out—answering two questions—how much money you are eligible for in grants and loans. Now you have to wait until the second semester of your sen-ior year. 
The next thing it does is it stream-
lines the Federal grant and loan pro-grams by combining two Federal pro-grams into one Pell Grant Program and reduces the six different Federal loan programs into three—one under-graduate loan program, one graduate loan program, and one parent loan pro-gram—resulting in more access for stu-dents. 
Fourth, it enables students to use a 
Pell grant in a manner that works for them. They can use it year-round—now they cannot use it for three straight semesters—or at their own pace. 
Next, it discourages overborrowing. 
Too many students borrow extra money they do not need to go to col-lege. For example, under the Federal rules a student is entitled to borrow the same amount of money if they go full time as they are if they go half time. That makes no sense. It saddles students with debt they cannot pay back. 
Finally, it simplifies the repayment 
options. Now there are nine different ways to make repayments. We suggest two. 
Senators K
INGand B URR have their 
own bill, which they will be intro-ducing today and talking about a little later, that streamlines repayment op-tions. 
I have been delighted to work with 
Senator B
ENNET . I congratulate him. 
His background as the Denver school superintendent and as a father has made him a very effective advocate for this effort. We have listened to edu-cators and parents in our own States. The bill has been out there now for more than half a year. We have at-tracted other sponsors, including Sen-ator B
OOKER and Senator I SAKSON . We 
hope other Senators will want to join us. Finally, I would say before going to 
Senator B
ENNET that as chairman of 
the Senate committee that handles education—the Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee—we are ready to move on this. As soon as we can finish our work on fixing No Child Left Behind, which we have been work-ing on for 6 years and have held 24 hearings. In addition, almost all of the members of the current committee were there last year when we reported a bill—as soon as we can finish that work, we will be ready to move to reau-thorize the Higher Education Act to deregulate higher education starting with the FAST Act and the legislation Senators K
ING and B URR have pro-
moted. 
I thank the Senator from Colorado 
for his partnership on this. I salute him for his leadership. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Colorado 
Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, I am de-
lighted to be on the floor today with, among others, Senator A
LEXANDER , 
who has worked so hard on the bill we are talking about today. Through the Chair, I want to wish him well in his new role as chair of the Health, Edu-cation, Labor and Pensions Committee on which I serve. He is quite right to have said this bill came to us as a re-sult of testimony in front of that com-mittee by a variety of witnesses but all of whom agreed that the current sys-tem is completely unwieldy. I would also like to thank the other cospon-sors—Senators B
URR, BOOKER , ISAKSON , 
and K ING—for joining the efforts and 
for being here today as well. 
I first became aware of this problem 
when I was superintendent of the Den-ver public schools. We had a couple who very generously donated $50 mil-lion for scholarships for kids who were graduating from the Denver public schools and who had applied to college. One of the things we learned in that process was how terrible the process was for filling out the financial aid forms for the Federal Government. That was a requirement we had for peo-ple to be able to be eligible for this scholarship. We literally had to put new rooms in our schools, in our high schools, and staff them with people in order to fill out these forms. 
Every year tens of thousands of stu-
dents and parents in Colorado and mil-lions more across the country fill out the FAFSA as part of the college appli-cation process. It is the gateway to fi-nancial aid. By some estimates, over 2 million people who are eligible for fi-nancial aid and Pell grants do not get it simply because of the complexity of the form. 
I ask unanimous consent to show 
some demonstrative evidence. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. BENNET. Here is this year’s 
form. It is a different color than the one we had last year. This is the form a student has to fill out—108 questions. This is the instruction manual that goes with the form, which is something 
in the neighborhood of 66 pages long. It is very tiny print. 
To be honest, the ridiculousness of 
this form would be funny if it were not for the lost time, money, and energy our country spends on it. Here are some of the examples of the questions families have to put up with on this form. Several times there are questions about income. We have been told by the witnesses we had that we only need two questions. There are a number of questions about income, investments, and assets. Each requires notes and in-structions which are contained in here. 
Question 36: What was your and your 
spouse’s adjusted gross income for 2014? 
Question 37: Enter your and your 
spouse’s income tax for 2014. 
Question 39: How much did you earn 
from working in 2014? 
Question 40: How much did your 
spouse earn from working in 2014? 
It is ridiculous. The questions become even more 
complicated. 
Question 42: As of today, what is the 
net worth of your and your spouse’s in-vestments, including real estate but don’t including the home you live in? 
That is the kind of reaction we get 
all over the country when we talk about this at home. 
The instruction form here says, for 
question No. 43, the net worth of busi-nesses and/or investments. 
Business or farm value includes the cur-
rent market value of land, buildings, ma-chinery, equipment, inventory, et cetera. Do not include your primary farm. Do not in-clude the net worth of a family-owned and controlled small business with more than 100 full-time or full-time equivalent employees. 
Just to make it really clear, in dark 
print, bolded print, it says: business/ farm value minus business/farm debt equals net worth of business. This is as complicated as any tax form. 
At a time when the demands of the 
global economy require us to have more college access, not less, it is a shame that this bureaucratic piling up of questions is making it harder and harder for people to go to college. 
So I think this is going to be great 
for our students, to get it down to a postcard that has two questions. The estimate is that the time saved by moving away from this existing form is the equivalent of 50,000 jobs that could be spent actually providing college guidance to young people who will now have the benefit of knowing, as Sen-ator A
LEXANDER said so eloquently, 
what financial aid they will be eligible for in their junior year before they apply to college rather than waiting until their senior year, until they have already been admitted to college. That makes no sense to the people we rep-resent, and there is a reason for it—it is because it makes no sense. 
My hope is that this is a bill we will 
be able to move this year. Again, I thank Senator A
LEXANDER for his tre-
mendous leadership. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
thank Senator B ENNET . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:18 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JA6.049 S07JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S63 January 7, 2015 
I would like to send to the desk the 
FAST Act that Senator B ENNET and I 
are introducing, with the cosponsor-ship of Senator B
OOKER , Senator B URR, 
Senator K ING, and Senator I SAKSON . 
In this colloquy, I would like now to 
recognize the Senator from New Jersey for 5 minutes to comment on the bill, if he would like. 
Mr. President, following that—the 
Senator from North Carolina and the Senator from Maine, who are cospon-sors of this bill, are here, but they also have a separate bill on income repay-ments which they will discuss. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Jersey. 
Mr. BOOKER. I wish to thank Sen-
ators B
ENNET and A LEXANDER for their 
work on this legislation. It is going to help our Nation’s students make bet-ter, smarter, and more-informed deci-sions about higher education. 
Historically, the United States has 
been the leader globally in expanding college opportunity. We understand that an educated workforce is essential to our Nation’s economic competitive-ness. Without highly skilled workers, America will not be able to compete in the global economy. 
The average price of a college degree 
in the United States is climbing—about $13,856. Please put that in perspective with our competitor nations, nations that are keeping the cost of college low, knowing that their long-term competitiveness as a country depends on the education of their children, na-tions such as the United Kingdom, where a college education costs less than half of ours, and Germany, where kids pay a mere $933. 
The average American student now is 
graduating from college with around $29,000 in loans. In New Jersey, that is up from an average of $27,000 in 2011 and $23,000 and change in 2010. This is unacceptable. Mounting debt is under-mining not only the success of our in-dividual young people in our country, but it is undermining the long-term competitiveness our Nation has in a global knowledge-based economy. That is one reason why it is important that we work to make the process of obtain-ing financial aid simpler and more straightforward. 
We saw the ridiculousness which Sen-
ator B
ENNET held up in the length of 
the form and the explanation docu-ment. Well, this has to change. This is something I recognized when I was mayor of the city of Newark. We had classes. Literally we called it, I think, Financial Aid University, where we brought experts in just to try to help students navigate all of that. We spent so many resources knowing that for our kids from Newark to be competi-tive, we had to help them navigate this labyrinth of challenging questions and documents that it takes perhaps a col-lege degree or even more to figure out. 
When I first came to the Senate 
about 13 months ago, one of the first pieces of legislation I offered, having had that experience, was a way of sim-plifying these forms. There is an ur-
gency here because the College Board estimates that 2.3 million students do not fill out the FAFSA form, the free application for financial aid. Because the form is a gateway to financial aid, having 2.3 million being deterred from actually filling it out is a harm to our Nation, not just to those individual students. Many students who qualify for Federal aid skip the form because they find it—as we obviously saw—too complex. 
Because eligibility is currently based 
on income information for the year im-mediately preceding enrollment, finan-cial aid deadlines mean that tax data is not yet available. As a result, students must determine how to fill out finan-cial aid questions on the FAFSA form and take additional steps then to sub-mit later the tax documents. 
We know more can be done to make 
this process simpler and accessible, which is why I am pleased. I was really rejoicing when Senator A
LEXANDER and 
Senator B ENNET showed me there was a 
way we could work—even further than the legislation I introduced in the last Congress—to reduce it to two ques-tions—saving time, saving energy, sav-ing stress but even more importantly empowering students to get their edu-cation and contribute to our economy so that we can compete with those other countries that seem to be doing a much better job than we are in keeping the cost of college low. 
This bill streamlines the financial 
aid system, simplifies the FAFSA form, discourages overborrowing— which is a problem—and, most impor-tantly, gives students and families bet-ter information earlier in the process to enable them to make better deci-sions for them. This bill is a good step. 
This bill is a great step. I am looking 
forward to working with the higher education community as well as stu-dents and families in New Jersey on how we can be successful in simplifying this process, increasing access to col-lege and boosting not only enrollment but the economic output of our citi-zenry. 
Again, I thank Senator A
LEXANDER  
and Senator B ENNET for their work and 
leadership. I am pleased to be with them in this effort, and I look forward to continuing the conversation this year. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. The Senator from 
New Jersey is known in his State and across the country as a pioneer in edu-cation, putting children first. 
Having his support and advice on this 
bill will be a great advantage in help-ing it go from the Senate floor through the House to the President’s desk and into law. 
In 2013 the Congress and President 
Obama made significant steps forward in improving the student loan pro-gram—a $100 billion per year Federal program to help students go to college. That law created a market-based, mar-ket-pricing system, and it had the ef-
fect in that year of reducing the rate for undergraduates, cutting it about in half. 
The two Senators who led that were 
the Senator from North Carolina, Mr. B
URR, and the Senator from Maine, Mr. 
KING. Senator B URR and Senator K ING 
have continued to work on student loans, making it easier for students to go to college, easier for them to pay their loans, and easier for them to pay them back. 
We are proud to have them as cospon-
sors, but they have their own legisla-tion on student loan repayments, which I am pleased to cosponsor and which will be a top priority in the Sen-ate HELP Committee as soon as we fin-ish fixing No Child Left Behind. 
I now yield in this colloquy to Sen-
ator B
URR. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from North Carolina. 
Mr. BURR. I thank Senator A LEX-
ANDER and Senator B ENNET , and I 
thank them for what they propose in the FAST Act. 
As a parent who went through two 
kids going to college, when I was pre-sented that form, I realized I wasn’t ca-pable of doing it. 
I remember a story still today of a 
dear colleague of mine in the House of Representatives—many know Sonny Bono. We asked Sonny one day: Why did you come to Congress? How did you get into politics? 
He said: Well, I became mayor of a 
city for one reason—because I opened a restaurant. When I went to get a sign permit, they gave me 50 pages to fill out. I didn’t graduate from high school, but I figured out it was easier for me to run for mayor, win, and make the sign permit 1 page than it was for me to fill out 50 pages. 
That is how he got his start in poli-
tics. 
I might say, as a parent, to be able 
to—on a post card—apply and know whether I was eligible for my children’s student aid would be a tremendous thing for all parents. 
Senator K
INGand I are on the floor 
to talk specifically about the Repay Act. 
As we have looked at student loans 
and as the government has become the primary loan component for student loans, what we have seen is that the consolidation of one’s loans has dra-matically increased in an incoherent way. Now, some might say that is ex-actly what government does. We say we are going to fix a problem, and we fix it in a way that you don’t under-stand it; it is way too cumbersome. 
What we have tried to do is we have 
made an effort to provide more avenues for or options for children to choose or parents to choose how to pay back stu-dent loans. What we have done is we have made it as complicated as the form that Senator B
ENNET showed, 
which determines eligibility. 
Currently, the Federal Government 
offers 12 repayment options for stu-dents. Among these 12 options, stu-dents are offered a series of terms and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:18 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JA6.051 S07JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S64 January 7, 2015 
conditions that often overlap amongst 
several other programs with very simi-lar sounding names and stated benefits. The problem gets worse annually. 
The administration continues to do 
new regulations every time we see a problem, and those regulations then overlap with existing regulations on student loans to where individuals don’t know exactly what their options are—what Senator K
INGand I want to 
do. 
We will introduce, hopefully later 
today, the Repay Act. It provides two options that kids choose from: a fixed- rate option for repayment and an in-come-based option for repayment. 
We also realize that under the in-
come-based options that are out there today an individual who is married could file as married—filing an indi-vidual tax form—and their household income isn’t considered for the amount they are going to repay on a monthly basis. That is not how we designed it. 
We designed it so what their income 
capability was, their repayment would reflect it. In other words, we have peo-ple who are gaming the system today because their one spouse makes a lot of money and one spouse doesn’t make much, and they pay a minimal amount of monthly student loan repayments. When they do that, they cheat the other students behind them because they take money out of the system that can be used for those individuals who desperately need it. 
The Repay Act streamlines a mul-
titude of loan programs and creates a fixed-base and income-based repay-ment. It does it by consolidating all in-come-based repayment programs into one repayment program that caps bor-rowing at $57,500 for 20 years and limits to 25 years the repayment period for loans over $57,500, while ensuring the monthly payments rise at a reasonable rate based upon that annual income level—again, the household income level. 
The benefit for students is they will 
up front have the knowledge they need of what they will expect to pay based upon the amount they borrow. 
We believe this will drive smarter 
borrowing decisions and will lead stu-dents to limit the amount of debt they take prior to going to school. Behav-ioral economists argue that when an individual’s options are less complex and straightforward, individuals are more likely to make rational decisions. 
Senator K
ING and I believe the 
changes included in the Repay Act will promote those rational decisions that will ultimately lead to smarter bor-rowing that leads to repayment and ul-timately healthier financial situations for our Nation’s graduates. 
Why are we here? It is because only 
80 percent of our student loans are being repaid. That means 20 percent is in default. 
What we want to do is we want to see 
kids get a great education. We want to see the ability for that to be paid for, and we want that money to be repaid based upon their success in the mar-
ketplace. I believe this act will put us on that road to do it. 
Now, I don’t want to pretend, and I 
don’t think Senator K
INGwill pretend, 
this isn’t something that we crafted and created. This is the result of ideas that were put forward by the National Association of Student Financial Aid Administrators, the Lumina Founda-tion for Education, the Education Fi-nance Council, the American Council on Education, the Young Invincibles, the Institute for College Access and Success, the New America Foundation, and many other groups. 
This is truly Congress, the Senate at 
its best, reaching out to organizations that do this day in and day out, just as I think the chairman did on the appli-cation-card student aid form. 
We have tried to search the best 
ideas. From that we have gleaned them and put them into the Repay Act. We will introduce this bill. I thank the chairman. It does complement very much the FAST Act. 
I thank my colleague, Senator K
ING, 
for his help on the introduction of this bill. 
I yield back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. I thank the Sen-
ator from North Carolina. No one was more instrumental in the work in 2013 that reformed student loans to reduce the interest rate for undergraduates by nearly half that year. 
In his State of North Carolina there 
are many of the best universities and 2- year colleges in the country, and I know education has been and is fore-most for him. 
I look forward to working with him, 
the members of our committee and every Senator on the floor, as we go through the process with a full and honest debate on important issues using an open amendment process. Then I hope we are able to work with President Obama again this year in the same way we were in 2013 to achieve a result. 
A forceful advocate for that result in 
2013 was the Senator of Maine who has the advantage of having been a Gov-ernor, Senator K
ING, and we will let 
him have the final say in this colloquy. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maine. 
Mr. KING. Economic development 
and jobs is what unites us in this body. That is what we all want. That is what everyone here is striving to achieve— jobs and opportunity for the people of this country. 
There are many factors that con-
tribute to that, and we can discuss and debate all of them this year. I suspect that we will. There is infrastructure, tax policy, smart regulation, and regu-latory reform. But the one about which there is very little dispute is edu-cation. 
The single greatest job creation and 
economic development act in the his-tory of the United States was the GI bill, subsequent to World War II, which 
opened the doors of college and higher education, to millions of Americans and literally built the middle class in this country. Education is what it is all about and education is even more important now than it was then. 
There was a time in this country 
when you could graduate from high school and get a pretty good job in a mill, make good money, have two cars in the garage, and lead a successful life. That is much more difficult today. Even those jobs in those mills require more education. 
In my State of Maine we did a survey 
a few years ago that showed 70 percent of the jobs had people touching a com-puter every day. That is what takes an education, and to get an education takes access. 
I will share one rather chilling sta-
tistic in terms of the competitive na-ture of the 21st century. We are en-gaged in competition. We are engaged in competition with the entire world and they want our jobs. 
A little statistic is the top 8 percent 
of high school graduates in China are equal in number to all the high school graduates in the United States. Think about that for a minute—the top 8 per-cent in China are equal in number to all the high school graduates of the United States. 
We are going to have to work to com-
pete, and the only way we are going to be able to do that is if we work smart, and the only way we are going to be able to work smart is with education and expanded opportunity and access to education. Higher education in the 21st century, I would submit, is more important than ever. 
There has been attention to this over 
the years by State governments, local governments, by parents, by students, and by the Federal Government, going back to the midst of the Civil War, when one of the great education bills of all time was passed, the land grant col-lege system in 1864. Support for re-search at our great universities has been a Federal effort. 
Student loans have been a part of 
what we have tried to contribute to this system for many years. Then, of course, we have Pell grants, which have enabled millions of students to find opportunity in higher education. But, ironically, the very programs that are designed to increase access to high-er education have, themselves, become inaccessible. 
Senator A
LEXANDER and Senator 
BENNET made a dramatic showing 
today with these ridiculous forms. 
When you read the forms the conclu-sion is: I guess my kid isn’t going to go to college. 
We have created a system where you 
need an accountant, a lawyer at your shoulder in order to fill out a form for financial aid, and the people who need it the most are the least likely to have the resources to bring those experts to bear on the process. Programs designed to promote access have themselves be-come inaccessible. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:18 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JA6.053 S07JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S65 January 7, 2015 
So that is what today is all about. 
That is what our discussion is all about. It is about accessibility and simplification. Senators A
LEXANDER  
and B ENNET and B OOKER have bril-
liantly articulated the power of the idea behind the FAST Act: reduce the questions to just a few simple ques-tions to get the necessary information. You don’t need 80 pages of instructions to answer two questions. It will open the doors to literally millions of stu-dents whom we need. This isn’t nice to have; this is need to have. This is an economic security and a national secu-rity question. We need these people. The current form is discouraging the very people we want: those who may or may not take the plunge into higher education. The simple fact is you shouldn’t need an accountant to figure out whether you can get financial aid to go to college. 
The complementary bill Senator 
B
URR and I are introducing today, 
along with Senator R UBIO and Senator 
WARNER , is called the Repay Act. The 
bill Senator A LEXANDER is speaking to 
is about accessibility and simplifica-tion on the front end. Our bill is acces-sibility and simplification on the back end, dealing with the issue of repay-ment. It basically reduces eight cur-rent options—and I have a chart that would make Rube Goldberg blush in terms of the complexity of the current options—to two. One is a 10-year fixed repayment plan, which certain stu-dents can select if it makes sense for them, and the other is a variable in-come-driven plan. 
As Senator B
URR pointed out, the 
ideas for this bill came from across the spectrum—from students, financial aid offices, financial aid administrators, Republicans, Democrats, and President Obama in his most recent budget. 
By the way, one of the groups Sen-
ator B
URR mentioned is the Young 
Invincibles. I would like to be a Young Invincible. I would like to see where I can join that group because sometimes I don’t exactly feel that way. But this is an idea I think is invincible because it just makes so much common sense. 
Borrowers can switch between the 
fixed payment and the variable pay-ment depending upon their cir-cumstances, but they never pay more than 15 percent of their disposable in-come. 
I think another important provision 
is if a borrower is totally and perma-nently disabled and the loan is for-given, they do not have to pay tax on the loan that is forgiven. Under cur-rent law, they have to pay an income tax on the phantom income of the loan that is forgiven. 
I particularly thank Senators W
AR-
NER and R UBIO for joining us on this 
bill. They had their own bill on this re-payment structure last year, and they have generously decided to join forces with us on this bill, and I believe that will add substantial weight to our work. They have already made con-tributions to the drafting of the bill, and I think that will help us consider-
ably as we move forward with this leg-islation. 
Quite often around here we talk 
about things we can’t do—we can’t do— problems we can’t fix. This is some-thing we can do. This is a human prob-lem of our making by layering pro-grams over one another and having the bureaucratic rules build over the years to the point where, as I said, it has cre-ated an accessibility problem for the very program designed to give access. 
These are important bills. They are 
not necessarily the bills that are going to get the headlines or cause all the fights and the friction, but these are the quiet kinds of changes that will change our country. They will provide opportunity for our students, for our families, and for our country. I am proud to join Senator A
LEXANDER , the 
chair of the HELP Committee, and Senator B
URR particularly, who has 
worked so hard on this bill. I think we have a combination of bills that will make a difference in people’s lives and in the future of this country. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, as 
the colloquy is concluding, I want to thank the Senators from Maine and New Jersey for their leadership and the Senator from North Carolina. I can as-sure them the King-Burr bill, with the support of Senator R
UBIO and Senator 
WARNER , will be combined with our bill 
and be front and center on the agenda of the HELP Committee as early as we can this year. As far as I am concerned, it is the next priority after we fix No Child Left Behind. I am hopeful we can bring it to the floor by the spring, give the full Senate a chance to consider it, combine it with action of the House and work with the President, just as we did in 2013. 
I am going to turn to Senator B
EN-
NETfor just a minute to let him have a 
concluding word, but I wanted to say this. As I mentioned, President Obama is going to Tennessee on Friday. He is going to celebrate an initiative Ten-nessee has taken by itself to say to all high school graduates: Two years of community college education is tuition free. Of course, that is based upon the Pell grant. The State just makes up the difference, which isn’t that much. 
I am going to have an opportunity to 
say to the President: Mr. President, the one thing the Federal Government can do to make it easier for more Ten-nesseans to take advantage of Ten-nessee Promise is to get rid of the FAFSA. Because the President of Southwest Tennessee Community Col-lege in Memphis says 1,500 students a semester are not enrolling in commu-nity college, who ought to be going, just because they and their families are intimidated by this form or can’t fill it out. 
There is no excuse for that, and we 
are going to fix that. Maybe the solu-tion is three questions, maybe it is four questions, but surely it is not 108 ques-
tions, and 70 or 80 pages of instruc-tions, wasting the time of administra-
tors, guidance counselors, parents, ac-countants, students, and discouraging Americans from taking advantage of education. 
I ask unanimous consent to have 
printed in the R
ECORD a one-page sum-
mary of the FAST Act. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
FINANCIAL AIDSIMPLIFICATION AND  
TRANSPARENCY (FAST) A CT 
A Bill introduced by Senators Alexander 
and Bennet to simplify the federal financial aid programs and application process. 
What the Bill Does: Eliminates the Free Application for Finan-
cial Student Aid, or FAFSA, by reducing the 10-page form to a postcard that would ask just two questions: What is your family size? And, what was your household income two years ago? 
Tells families early in the process what the 
federal government will provide them in a grant and loan by using earlier tax data and creating a look-up table to allow students in their junior year of high school to see how much in federal aid they are eligible for as they start to look at colleges. 
Streamlines the federal grant and loan pro-
grams by combining two federal grant pro-grams into one Pell grant program and re-ducing the six different federal loan pro-grams into three: one undergraduate loan program, one graduate loan program, and one parent loan program, resulting in more access for more students. 
Enable students to use Pell grants in a 
manner that works for them by restoring year-round Pell grant availability and pro-viding flexibility so students can study at their own pace. Both provisions would enable them to complete college sooner. 
Discourages over-borrowing by limiting 
the amount a student is able to borrow based on enrollment. For example, a part-time stu-dent would be able to take out a part time loan only. 
Simplifies repayment options by stream-
lining complicated repayment programs and creates two simple plans, an income based plan and a 10-year repayment plan. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. I thank the Pre-
siding Officer for the time, I thank my fellow Senators, and I yield for the final words of the Senator from Colo-rado. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Colorado. 
Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, I again 
say thank you to the chairman of the HELP Committee for all his leadership and his work dealing with this form. We have been after this for about 1 year. 
This might be a quiet bill, as Senator 
K
INGsaid earlier, but in my travels 
around the State I can’t find anybody who is unhappy with this legislation except for the people who have already filled out the form, who are asking: Where were you 5 years ago when I was having to do this for my students or where were you when I was having to fill this out for my college education? 
It makes absolutely no sense. I am 
sure many of these questions are well intentioned, but what we have learned in the hearings we have had, in the tes-timony, is they are not necessary. If 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JA6.058 S07JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S66 January 7, 2015 
they are not necessary, we shouldn’t be 
asking them. Our students would be a lot better off spending their time fig-uring out what college they want to at-tend, figuring out what course of study they want to undertake than spending their time with this bureaucratic nightmare. 
I am enormously optimistic that we 
are going to get this passed with the chairman’s leadership, and I look for-ward to working with my colleagues on that. I would like to thank the Senator from New Jersey again for signing on as one of the original cosponsors. 
With that, I yield the floor. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 21—MAKING 
MAJORITY PARTY APPOINT-MENTS FOR THE 114TH CON-GRESS 
Mr. M
CCONNELL submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 21 
Resolved, That the following be the major-
ity membership on the following committees for the remainder of the 114th Congress, or until their successors are appointed: 
C
OMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , N UTRITION , 
ANDFORESTRY : Mr. Cochran, Mr. McConnell, 
Mr. Roberts, Mr. Boozman, Mr. Hoeven, Mr. Perdue, Mrs. Ernst, Mr. Tillis, Mr. Sasse, Mr. Grassley, Mr. Thune. 
C
OMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS : Mr. Coch-
ran, Mr. McConnell, Mr. Shelby, Mr. Alex-ander, Ms. Collins, Ms. Murkowski, Mr. Gra-ham, Mr. Kirk, Mr. Blunt, Mr. Moran, Mr. Hoeven, Mr. Boozman, Mrs. Capito, Mr. Cas-sidy, Mr. Lankford, Mr. Daines. 
C
OMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES : Mr. 
McCain (Chairman), Mr. Inhofe, Mr. Ses-sions, Mr. Wicker, Ms. Ayotte, Mrs. Fischer, Mr. Cotton, Mr. Rounds, Mrs. Ernst, Mr. Tillis, Mr. Sullivan, Mr. Lee, Mr. Graham, Mr. Cruz. 
C
OMMITTEE ON BANKING , H OUSING , AND 
URBAN AFFAIRS : Mr. Shelby, Mr. Crapo, Mr. 
Corker, Mr. Vitter, Mr. Toomey, Mr. Kirk, Mr. Heller, Mr. Scott, Mr. Sasse, Mr. Cotton, Mr. Rounds, Mr. Moran. 
C
OMMITTEE ON BUDGET : Mr. Grassley, Mr. 
Enzi, Mr. Sessions, Mr. Crapo, Mr. Graham, Mr. Portman, Mr. Toomey, Mr. Johnson, Ms. Ayotte, Mr. Wicker, Mr. Corker, Mr. Perdue. 
C
OMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION : Mr. Thune, Mr. Wicker, 
Mr. Blunt, Mr. Rubio, Ms. Ayotte, Mr. Cruz, Mrs. Fischer, Mr. Moran, Mr. Sullivan, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Heller, Mr. Gardner, Mr. Daines. 
C
OMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL RE-
SOURCES : Ms. Murkowski (Chairman), Mr. 
Barrasso, Mr. Risch, Mr. Lee, Mr. Flake, Mr. Daines, Mr. Cassidy, Mr. Gardner, Mr. Portman, Mr. Hoeven, Mr. Alexander, Mrs. Capito. 
C
OMMITTEE ON ENVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC  
WORKS : Mr. Inhofe, Mr. Vitter, Mr. Barrasso, 
Mrs. Capito, Mr. Crapo, Mr. Boozman, Mr. Sessions, Mr. Wicker, Mrs. Fischer, Mr. Rounds, Mr. Sullivan. 
C
OMMITTEE ON FINANCE : Mr. Hatch, Mr. 
Grassley, Mr. Crapo, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Enzi, Mr. Cornyn, Mr. Thune, Mr. Burr, Mr. Isak-son, Mr. Portman, Mr. Toomey, Mr. Coats, Mr. Heller, Mr. Scott. 
C
OMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS : Mr. 
Corker, Mr. Risch, Mr. Rubio, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Flake, Mr. Gardner, Mr. Perdue, Mr. Isakson, Mr. Paul, Mr. Barrasso. C
OMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
ANDPENSIONS : Mr. Enzi, Mr. Alexander, Mr. 
Burr, Mr. Isakson, Mr. Paul, Ms. Collins, Ms. Murkowski, Mr. Kirk, Mr. Scott, Mr. Hatch, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Cassidy. 
C
OMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS : Mr. McCain, Mr. 
Johnson, Mr. Portman, Mr. Paul, Mr. Lankford, Ms. Ayotte, Mr. Enzi, Mrs. Ernst, Mr. Sasse. 
C
OMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY : Mr. Hatch, 
Mr. Grassley, Mr. Sessions, Mr. Graham, Mr. Cornyn, Mr. Lee, Mr. Cruz, Mr. Vitter, Mr. Flake, Mr. Perdue, Mr. Tillis. 
C
OMMITTEE ON RULES AND ADMINISTRATION : 
Mr. Alexander, Mr. McConnell, Mr. Cochran, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Shelby, Mr. Blunt, Mr. Cruz, Mrs. Capito, Mr. Boozman, Mr. Wicker. 
C
OMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS AND ENTRE -
PRENEURSHIP : Mr. Vitter, Mr. Risch, Mr. 
Rubio, Mr. Paul, Mr. Scott, Mrs. Fischer, Mr. Gardner, Mrs. Ernst, Ms. Ayotte, Mr. Enzi. 
C
OMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ A FFAIRS : Mr. 
Isakson, Mr. Moran, Mr. Boozman, Mr. Hell-er, Mr. Cassidy, Mr. Rounds, Mr. Tillis, Mr. Sullivan. 
C
OMMITTEE ON INDIAN AFFAIRS : Mr. 
McCain, Ms. Murkowski, Mr. Barrasso, Mr. Hoeven, Mr. Lankford, Mr. Daines, Mr. Crapo, Mr. Moran. 
C
OMMITTEE ON ETHICS : Mr. Roberts, Mr. 
Isakson, Mr. Risch. 
COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE : Mr. Burr, Mr. 
Risch, Mr. Coats, Mr. Rubio, Ms. Collins, Mr. Blunt, Mr. Lankford, Mr. Cotton. 
C
OMMITTEE ON AGING: Ms. Collins, Mr. 
Hatch, Mr. Kirk, Mr. Flake, Mr. Scott, Mr. Corker, Mr. Heller, Mr. Cotton, Mr. Perdue, Mr. Tillis, Mr. Sasse. 
J
OINT ECONOMIC COMMITTEE : Mr. Coats, Mr. 
Lee, Mr. Cotton, Mr. Sasse, Mr. Cruz, Mr. Cassidy. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 22—TO CON-
STITUTE THE MINORITY PAR-TY’S MEMBERSHIP ON CERTAIN COMMITTEES FOR THE ONE HUN-DRED FOURTEENTH CONGRESS, OR UNTIL THEIR SUCCESSORS ARE CHOSEN 
Mr. DURBIN (for Mr. R
EID) sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 22 
Resolved, That the following shall con-
stitute the minority party’s membership on the following committees for the One Hun-dred Fourteenth Congress, or until their suc-cessors are chosen: 
C
OMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , N UTRITION , 
ANDFORESTRY : Ms. Stabenow (Ranking), Mr. 
Leahy, Mr. Brown, Ms. Klobuchar, Mr. Ben-net, Mrs. Gillibrand, Mr. Donnelly, Ms. Heitkamp, Mr. Casey. 
C
OMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS : Ms. Mikul-
ski (Ranking), Mr. Leahy, Mrs. Murray, Mrs. Feinstein, Mr. Durbin, Mr. Reed, Mr. Tester, Mr. Udall, Mrs. Shaheen, Mr. Merkley, Mr. Coons, Mr. Schatz, Ms. Baldwin, Mr. Murphy. 
C
OMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES : Mr. Reed 
(Ranking), Mr. Nelson, Mrs. McCaskill, Mr. Manchin, Mrs. Shaheen, Mrs. Gillibrand, Mr. Blumenthal, Mr. Donnelly, Ms. Hirono, Mr. Kaine, Mr. King, Mr. Heinrich. 
C
OMMITTEE ON BANKING , H OUSING , AND 
URBAN AFFAIRS : Mr. Brown (Ranking), Mr. 
Reed, Mr. Schumer, Mr. Menendez, Mr. Tester, Mr. Warner, Mr. Merkley, Ms. War-ren, Ms. Heitkamp, Mr. Donnelly. 
C
OMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION : Mr. Nelson (Ranking), Ms. 
Cantwell, Mrs. McCaskill, Ms. Klobuchar, Mr. Blumenthal, Mr. Schatz, Mr. Markey, Mr. Booker, Mr. Udall, Mr. Manchin, Mr. Peters. C
OMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL RE-
SOURCES : Ms. Cantwell (Ranking), Mr. 
Wyden, Mr. Sanders, Ms. Stabenow, Mr. Franken, Mr. Manchin, Mr. Heinrich, Ms. Hirono, Mr. King, Ms. Warren. 
C
OMMITTEE ON ENVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC  
WORKS : Mrs. Boxer (Ranking), Mr. Carper, 
Mr. Cardin, Mr. Sanders, Mr. Whitehouse, Mr. Merkley, Mrs. Gillibrand, Mr. Booker, Mr. Markey. 
C
OMMITTEE ON FINANCE : Mr. Wyden (Rank-
ing), Mr. Schumer, Ms. Stabenow, Ms. Cant-well, Mr. Nelson, Mr. Menendez, Mr. Carper, Mr. Cardin, Mr. Brown, Mr. Bennet, Mr. Casey, Mr. Warner. 
C
OMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS : Mr. 
Menendez (Ranking), Mrs. Boxer, Mr. Cardin, Mrs. Shaheen, Mr. Coons, Mr. Udall, Mr. Murphy, Mr. Kaine, Mr. Markey. 
C
OMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS : Mrs. Murray (Ranking), Ms. 
Mikulski, Mr. Sanders, Mr. Casey, Mr. Franken, Mr. Bennet, Mr. Whitehouse, Ms. Baldwin, Mr. Murphy, Ms. Warren. 
C
OMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS : Mr. Carper (Rank-
ing), Mrs. McCaskill, Mr. Tester, Ms. Bald-win, Ms. Heitkamp, Mr. Booker, Mr. Peters. 
S
ELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE : Mrs. 
Feinstein (Ranking), Mr. Wyden, Ms. Mikul-ski, Mr. Warner, Mr. Heinrich, Mr. King, Ms. Hirono and Mr. Reed (ex officio). 
C
OMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY : Mr. Leahy 
(Ranking), Mrs. Feinstein, Mr. Schumer, Mr. Durbin, Mr. Whitehouse, Ms. Klobuchar, Mr. Franken, Mr. Coons, Mr. Blumenthal. 
C
OMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET : Mr. Sanders 
(Ranking), Mrs. Murray, Mr. Wyden, Ms. Stabenow, Mr. Whitehouse, Mr. Warner, Mr. Merkley, Ms. Baldwin, Mr. Kaine, Mr. King. 
C
OMMITTEE ON RULES AND ADMINISTRATION : 
Mr. Schumer (Ranking), Mrs. Feinstein, Mr. Durbin, Mr. Udall, Mr. Warner, Mr. Leahy, Ms. Klobuchar, Mr. King. 
C
OMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS AND ENTRE -
PRENEURSHIP : Mr. Cardin (Ranking), Ms. 
Cantwell, Mrs. Shaheen, Ms. Heitkamp, Mr. Markey, Mr. Booker, Mr. Coons, Ms. Hirono, Mr. Peters. 
C
OMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ A FFAIRS : Mr. 
Blumenthal (Ranking), Mrs. Murray, Mr. Sanders, Mr. Brown, Mr. Tester, Ms. Hirono, Mr. Manchin. 
S
PECIAL COMMITTEE ON AGING: Mrs. McCas-
kill (Ranking), Mr. Nelson, Mr. Casey, Mr. Whitehouse, Mrs. Gillibrand, Mr. Blumenthal, Mr. Donnelly, Ms. Warren, Mr. Kaine. 
J
OINT ECONOMIC COMMITTEE : Ms. Klobuchar 
(Ranking), Mr. Casey, Mr. Heinrich, Mr. Peters. 
S
ELECT COMMITTEE ON ETHICS : Mrs. Boxer 
(Co-Chair), Mr. Coons, and Mr. Schatz. 
COMMITTEE ON INDIAN AFFAIRS : Mr. Tester 
(Ranking), Ms. Cantwell, Mr. Udall, Mr. Franken, Mr. Schatz, and Ms. Heitkamp. 
f 
SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-
TION 1—EXPRESSING THE SENSE OF CONGRESS THAT A CARBON TAX IS NOT IN THE ECONOMIC INTEREST OF THE UNITED STATES 
Mr. VITTER submitted the following 
concurrent resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Finance: 
S. C ON. RES. 1 
Whereas a carbon tax is regressive in na-
ture and would unfairly burden those vulner-able individuals and families in the United States that are already struggling with in-creasing electricity rates and a slow eco-nomic recovery; 
Whereas a carbon tax would increase the 
cost of every good manufactured in the United States; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:18 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G07JA6.056 S07JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S67 January 7, 2015 
Whereas a carbon tax would harm the en-
tire United States manufacturing sector; 
Whereas European nations that have 
adopted carbon policies and regulatory re-gimes have forced energy poverty on their citizens and undermined their economies; 
Whereas the increase in production of do-
mestic fossil energy resources on private and State-owned land has created significant job growth and private capital investment; and 
Whereas affordable and reliable energy 
sources are critical to maintaining the United States global competitiveness: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-
resentatives concurring), That it is the sense 
of Congress that a carbon tax would be detri-mental to families and businesses in the United States, and is not in the interest of the United States. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that floor privi-leges be granted to my science policy fellow, Adria Wilson, through the end of the session. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MAKING MAJORITY PARTY AP-
POINTMENTS FOR THE 114TH CONGRESS 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 21, submitted earlier today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The assistant legislative clerk read 
as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 21) making majority 
party appointments for the 114th Congress. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 21) was agreed 
to, as follows: 
S. R ES. 21 
Resolved, That the following be the major-
ity membership on the following committees for the remainder of the 114th Congress, or until their successors are appointed: 
C
OMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , N UTRITION , 
ANDFORESTRY : Mr. Cochran, Mr. McConnell, 
Mr. Roberts, Mr. Boozman, Mr. Hoeven, Mr. Perdue, Mrs. Ernst, Mr. Tillis, Mr. Sasse, Mr. Grassley, Mr. Thune. 
C
OMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS : Mr. Coch-
ran, Mr. McConnell, Mr. Shelby, Mr. Alex-ander, Ms. Collins, Ms. Murkowski, Mr. Gra-ham, Mr. Kirk, Mr. Blunt, Mr. Moran, Mr. Hoeven, Mr. Boozman, Mrs. Capito, Mr. Cas-sidy, Mr. Lankford, Mr. Daines. 
C
OMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES : Mr. 
McCain (Chairman), Mr. Inhofe, Mr. Ses-sions, Mr. Wicker, Ms. Ayotte, Mrs. Fischer, Mr. Cotton, Mr. Rounds, Mrs. Ernst, Mr. Tillis, Mr. Sullivan, Mr. Lee, Mr. Graham, Mr. Cruz. 
C
OMMITTEE ON BANKING , H OUSING , AND 
URBAN AFFAIRS : Mr. Shelby, Mr. Crapo, Mr. Corker, Mr. Vitter, Mr. Toomey, Mr. Kirk, 
Mr. Heller, Mr. Scott, Mr. Sasse, Mr. Cotton, Mr. Rounds, Mr. Moran. 
C
OMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET : Mr. Grassley, 
Mr. Enzi, Mr. Sessions, Mr. Crapo, Mr. Gra-ham, Mr. Portman, Mr. Toomey, Mr. John-son, Ms. Ayotte, Mr. Wicker, Mr. Corker, Mr. Perdue. 
C
OMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION : Mr. Thune, Mr. Wicker, 
Mr. Blunt, Mr. Rubio, Ms. Ayotte, Mr. Cruz, Mrs. Fischer, Mr. Moran, Mr. Sullivan, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Heller, Mr. Gardner, Mr. Daines. 
C
OMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL RE-
SOURCES : Ms. Murkowski (Chairman), Mr. 
Barrasso, Mr. Risch, Mr. Lee, Mr. Flake, Mr. Daines, Mr. Cassidy, Mr. Gardner, Mr. Portman, Mr. Hoeven, Mr. Alexander, Mrs. Capito. 
C
OMMITTEE ON ENVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC  
WORKS : Mr. Inhofe, Mr. Vitter, Mr. Barrasso, 
Mrs. Capito, Mr. Crapo, Mr. Boozman, Mr. Sessions, Mr. Wicker, Mrs. Fischer, Mr. Rounds, Mr. Sullivan. 
C
OMMITTEE ON FINANCE : Mr. Hatch, Mr. 
Grassley, Mr. Crapo, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Enzi, Mr. Cornyn, Mr. Thune, Mr. Burr, Mr. Isak-son, Mr. Portman, Mr. Toomey, Mr. Coats, Mr. Heller, Mr. Scott. 
C
OMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS : Mr. 
Corker, Mr. Risch, Mr. Rubio, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Flake, Mr. Gardner, Mr. Perdue, Mr. Isakson, Mr. Paul, Mr. Barrasso. 
C
OMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
ANDPENSIONS : Mr. Enzi, Mr. Alexander, Mr. 
Burr, Mr. Isakson, Mr. Paul, Ms. Collins, Ms. Murkowski, Mr. Kirk, Mr. Scott, Mr. Hatch, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Cassidy. 
C
OMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS : Mr. McCain, Mr. 
Johnson, Mr. Portman, Mr. Paul, Mr. Lankford, Ms. Ayotte, Mr. Enzi, Mrs. Ernst, Mr. Sasse. 
C
OMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY : Mr. Hatch, 
Mr. Grassley, Mr. Sessions, Mr. Graham, Mr. Cornyn, Mr. Lee, Mr. Cruz, Mr. Vitter, Mr. Flake, Mr. Perdue, Mr. Tillis. 
C
OMMITTEE ON RULES AND ADMINISTRATION : 
Mr. Alexander, Mr. McConnell, Mr. Cochran, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Shelby, Mr. Blunt, Mr. Cruz, Mrs. Capito, Mr. Boozman, Mr. Wicker. 
C
OMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS AND ENTRE -
PRENEURSHIP : Mr. Vitter, Mr. Risch, Mr. 
Rubio, Mr. Paul, Mr. Scott, Mrs. Fischer, Mr. Gardner, Mrs. Ernst, Ms. Ayotte, Mr. Enzi. 
C
OMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ A FFAIRS : Mr. 
Isakson, Mr. Moran, Mr. Boozman, Mr. Hell-er, Mr. Cassidy, Mr. Rounds, Mr. Tillis, Mr. Sullivan. 
C
OMMITTEE ON INDIAN AFFAIRS : Mr. 
McCain, Ms. Murkowski, Mr. Barrasso, Mr. Hoeven, Mr. Lankford, Mr. Daines, Mr. Crapo, Mr. Moran. 
S
ELECT COMMITTEE ON ETHICS : Mr. Roberts, 
Mr. Isakson, Mr. Risch. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE : Mr. 
Burr, Mr. Risch, Mr. Coats, Mr. Rubio, Ms. Collins, Mr. Blunt, Mr. Lankford, Mr. Cot-ton. 
S
PECIAL COMMITTEE ON AGING: Ms. Collins, 
Mr. Hatch, Mr. Kirk, Mr. Flake, Mr. Scott, Mr. Corker, Mr. Heller, Mr. Cotton, Mr. Perdue, Mr. Tillis, Mr. Sasse. 
J
OINT ECONOMIC COMMITTEE : Mr. Coats, Mr. 
Lee, Mr. Cotton, Mr. Sasse, Mr. Cruz, Mr. Cassidy. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. For the informa-
tion of all Senators, we are designating the full membership of each com-mittee, plus the chairmen of the Armed Services and Energy and Natural Re-sources Committees tonight. We will appoint the rest of the chairmen to-morrow once we have had a quick meeting of the Republican conference to ratify the names. CONSTITUTING THE MINORITY 
PARTY’S MEMBERSHIP ON CER-TAIN COMMITTEES FOR THE ONE HUNDRED FOURTEENTH CON-GRESS 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 22, submitted earlier today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The assistant legislative clerk read 
as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 22), to constitute the 
minority party’s membership on certain committees for the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress, or until their successors are cho-sen. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to and the motion to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 22) was agreed 
to, as follows: 
S. R ES. 22 
Resolved, That the following shall con-
stitute the minority party’s membership on the following committees for the One Hun-dred Fourteenth Congress, or until their suc-cessors are chosen: 
C
OMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , N UTRITION , 
ANDFORESTRY : Ms. Stabenow (Ranking), Mr. 
Leahy, Mr. Brown, Ms. Klobuchar, Mr. Ben-net, Mrs. Gillibrand, Mr. Donnelly, Ms. Heitkamp, Mr. Casey. 
C
OMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS : Ms. Mikul-
ski (Ranking), Mr. Leahy, Mrs. Murray, Mrs. Feinstein, Mr. Durbin, Mr. Reed, Mr. Tester, Mr. Udall, Mrs. Shaheen, Mr. Merkley, Mr. Coons, Mr. Schatz, Ms. Baldwin, Mr. Murphy. 
C
OMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES : Mr. Reed 
(Ranking), Mr. Nelson, Mrs. McCaskill, Mr. Manchin, Mrs. Shaheen, Mrs. Gillibrand, Mr. Blumenthal, Mr. Donnelly, Ms. Hirono, Mr. Kaine, Mr. King, Mr. Heinrich. 
C
OMMITTEE ON BANKING , H OUSING , AND 
URBAN AFFAIRS : Mr. Brown (Ranking), Mr. 
Reed, Mr. Schumer, Mr. Menendez, Mr. Tester, Mr. Warner, Mr. Merkley, Ms. War-ren, Ms. Heitkamp, Mr. Donnelly. 
C
OMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION : Mr. Nelson (Ranking), Ms. 
Cantwell, Mrs. McCaskill, Ms. Klobuchar, Mr. Blumenthal, Mr. Schatz, Mr. Markey, Mr. Booker, Mr. Udall, Mr. Manchin, Mr. Peters. 
C
OMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL RE-
SOURCES : Ms. Cantwell (Ranking), Mr. 
Wyden, Mr. Sanders, Ms. Stabenow, Mr. Franken, Mr. Manchin, Mr. Heinrich, Ms. Hirono, Mr. King, Ms. Warren. 
C
OMMITTEE ON ENVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC  
WORKS : Mrs. Boxer (Ranking), Mr. Carper, 
Mr. Cardin, Mr. Sanders, Mr. Whitehouse, Mr. Merkley, Mrs. Gillibrand, Mr. Booker, Mr. Markey. 
C
OMMITTEE ON FINANCE : Mr. Wyden (Rank-
ing), Mr. Schumer, Ms. Stabenow, Ms. Cant-well, Mr. Nelson, Mr. Menendez, Mr. Carper, Mr. Cardin, Mr. Brown, Mr. Bennet, Mr. Casey, Mr. Warner. 
C
OMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS : Mr. 
Menendez (Ranking), Mrs. Boxer, Mr. Cardin, Mrs. Shaheen, Mr. Coons, Mr. Udall, Mr. Murphy, Mr. Kaine, Mr. Markey. 
C
OMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS : Mrs. Murray (Ranking), Ms. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JA6.029 S07JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S68 January 7, 2015 
Mikulski, Mr. Sanders, Mr. Casey, Mr. 
Franken, Mr. Bennet, Mr. Whitehouse, Ms. Baldwin, Mr. Murphy, Ms. Warren. 
C
OMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS : Mr. Carper (Rank-
ing), Mrs. McCaskill, Mr. Tester, Ms. Bald-win, Ms. Heitkamp, Mr. Booker, Mr. Peters. 
S
ELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE : Mrs. 
Feinstein (Ranking), Mr. Wyden, Ms. Mikul-ski, Mr. Warner, Mr. Heinrich, Mr. King, Ms. Hirono and Mr. Reed (ex officio). 
C
OMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY : Mr. Leahy 
(Ranking), Mrs. Feinstein, Mr. Schumer, Mr. Durbin, Mr. Whitehouse, Ms. Klobuchar, Mr. Franken, Mr. Coons, Mr. Blumenthal. 
C
OMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET : Mr. Sanders 
(Ranking), Mrs. Murray, Mr. Wyden, Ms. Stabenow, Mr. Whitehouse, Mr. Warner, Mr. Merkley, Ms. Baldwin, Mr. Kaine, Mr. King. 
C
OMMITTEE ON RULES AND ADMINISTRATION : 
Mr. Schumer (Ranking), Mrs. Feinstein, Mr. Durbin, Mr. Udall, Mr. Warner, Mr. Leahy, Ms. Klobuchar, Mr. King. 
C
OMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS AND ENTRE -
PRENEURSHIP : Mr. Cardin (Ranking), Ms. 
Cantwell, Mrs. Shaheen, Ms. Heitkamp, Mr. Markey, Mr. Booker, Mr. Coons, Ms. Hirono, Mr. Peters. 
C
OMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ A FFAIRS : Mr. 
Blumenthal (Ranking), Mrs. Murray, Mr. Sanders, Mr. Brown, Mr. Tester, Ms. Hirono, Mr. Manchin. 
S
PECIAL COMMITTEE ON AGING: Mrs. McCas-
kill (Ranking), Mr. Nelson, Mr. Casey, Mr. Whitehouse, Mrs. Gillibrand, Mr. Blumenthal, Mr. Donnelly, Ms. Warren, Mr. Kaine. 
J
OINT ECONOMIC COMMITTEE : Ms. Klobuchar 
(Ranking), Mr. Casey, Mr. Heinrich, Mr. Peters. 
S
ELECT COMMITTEE ON ETHICS : Mrs. Boxer 
(Co-Chair), Mr. Coons, and Mr. Schatz. 
COMMITTEE ON INDIAN AFFAIRS : Mr. Tester 
(Ranking), Ms. Cantwell, Mr. Udall, Mr. Franken, Mr. Schatz, and Ms. Heitkamp. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I would 
just say for the R ECORD , following the 
comments of the majority leader, these are the minority committee assign-ments and ranking member positions for all of the standing committees. 
f 
APPOINTMENTS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Chair announces, on behalf of the Democratic leader, pursuant to the provisions of Public Law 95–277, as 
amended by the appropriate provisions of Public Law 102–246, and in consulta-tion with the majority leader, the ap-pointment of the following individual to serve as a member of the Library of Congress Trust Fund Board for a 5-year term: George Marcus of California. 
The Chair announces, on behalf of 
the Democratic leader, pursuant to Public Law 70–770, the appointment of the following individual to the Migra-tory Bird Conservation Commission: the Honorable Martin Heinrich of New Mexico. 
f 
ORDERS FOR THURSDAY, 
JANUARY 8, 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it 
adjourn until 11 a.m. tomorrow, Thurs-day, January 8, 2015; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; that fol-lowing any leader remarks, the Senate proceed to a period of morning busi-ness, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PROGRAM 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Tomorrow the en-
ergy committee is scheduled to mark up the Keystone bill so that we can move to that bill next week. We antici-pate a full and robust debate on that bill, with a fair and open amendment process. 
In addition, the House sent us the 
TRIA bill a few moments ago. That bill passed the House 416 to 5. We will look to vote on it tomorrow and send it to the President for signature as soon as possible. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 11 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
Mr. M CCONNELL. If there is no fur-
ther business to come before the Sen-ate, I ask unanimous consent that it adjourn under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 5:56 p.m., adjourned until Thursday, January 8, 2015, at 11 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS 
Executive nominations received by 
the Senate: 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
ASHTON B. CARTER, OF MASSACHUSETTS, TO BE SEC-
RETARY OF DEFENSE, VICE CHARLES TIMOTHY HAGEL. 
FEDERAL RESERVE SYSTEM  
ALLAN R. LANDON, OF UTAH, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE 
BOARD OF GOVERNORS OF THE FEDERAL RESERVE SYS-TEM FOR THE UNEXPIRED TERM OF FOURTEEN YEARS FROM FEBRUARY 1, 2002, VICE SARAH BLOOM RASKIN, RE-SIGNED. 
ALLAN R. LANDON, OF UTAH, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE 
BOARD OF GOVERNORS OF THE FEDERAL RESERVE SYS-TEM FOR THE TERM OF FOURTEEN YEARS FROM FEB-RUARY 1, 2016. (REAPPOINTMENT) 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
LORETTA E. LYNCH, OF NEW YORK, TO BE ATTORNEY 
GENERAL, VICE ERIC H. HOLDER, JR. 
THE JUDICIARY  
JEANNE E. DAVIDSON, OF MARYLAND, TO BE A JUDGE 
OF THE UNITED STATES COURT OF INTERNATIONAL TRADE, VICE DONALD C. POGUE, RETIRED. 
ARMANDO OMAR BONILLA, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-
LUMBIA, TO BE A JUDGE OF THE UNITED STATES COURT OF FEDERAL CLAIMS FOR A TERM OF FIFTEEN YEARS, VICE EDWARD J. DAMICH, TERM EXPIRED. 
NANCY B. FIRESTONE, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE A JUDGE OF 
THE UNITED STATES COURT OF FEDERAL CLAIMS FOR A TERM OF FIFTEEN YEARS. (REAPPOINTMENT) 
THOMAS L. HALKOWSKI, OF PENNSYLVANIA, TO BE A 
JUDGE OF THE UNITED STATES COURT OF FEDERAL CLAIMS FOR A TERM OF FIFTEEN YEARS, VICE LYNN JEANNE BUSH, TERM EXPIRED. PATRICIA M. MCCARTHY, OF MARYLAND, TO BE A 
JUDGE OF THE UNITED STATES COURT OF FEDERAL CLAIMS FOR A TERM OF FIFTEEN YEARS, VICE EMILY CLARK HEWITT, RETIRED. 
JERI KAYLENE SOMERS, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE A JUDGE 
OF THE UNITED STATES COURT OF FEDERAL CLAIMS FOR A TERM OF FIFTEEN YEARS, VICE GEORGE W. MIL-LER, RETIRED. 
LUIS FELIPE RESTREPO, OF PENNSYLVANIA, TO BE 
UNITED STATES CIRCUIT JUDGE FOR THE THIRD CIR-CUIT, VICE ANTHONY J. SCIRICA, RETIRED. 
KARA FARNANDEZ STOLL, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE UNITED 
STATES CIRCUIT JUDGE FOR THE FEDERAL CIRCUIT, VICE RANDALL R. RADER, RETIRED. 
ANN DONNELLY, OF NEW YORK, TO BE UNITED STATES 
DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, VICE SANDRA L. TOWNES, RETIRING. 
DALE A. DROZD, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE UNITED 
STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA, VICE ANTHONY W. ISHII, RETIRED. 
LASHANN MOUTIQUE DEARCY HALL, OF NEW YORK, TO 
BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, VICE NICHOLAS G. GARAUFIS, RETIRED. 
GEORGE C. HANKS, JR., OF TEXAS, TO BE UNITED 
STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS, VICE NANCY FRIEDMAN ATLAS, RETIRED. 
ROSEANN A. KETCHMARK, OF MISSOURI, TO BE UNITED 
STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE WESTERN DISTRICT OF MISSOURI, VICE GARY A. FENNER, RETIRING. 
TRAVIS RANDALL MCDONOUGH, OF TENNESSEE, TO BE 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF TENNESSEE, VICE CURTIS L. COLLIER, RE-TIRED. 
JOSE ROLANDO OLVERA, JR., OF TEXAS, TO BE UNITED 
STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS, VICE HILDA G. TAGLE, RETIRED. 
JILL N. PARRISH, OF UTAH, TO BE UNITED STATES DIS-
TRICT JUDGE FOR THE DISTRICT OF UTAH, VICE DEE V. BENSON, RETIRED. 
ALFRED H. BENNETT, OF TEXAS, TO BE UNITED 
STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS, VICE KENNETH M. HOYT, RETIRED. 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
MICHAEL GRECO, OF NEW YORK, TO BE UNITED STATES 
MARSHAL FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE JOSEPH R. GUCCIONE, TERM EXPIRED. 
RONALD LEE MILLER, OF KANSAS, TO BE UNITED 
STATES MARSHAL FOR THE DISTRICT OF KANSAS FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE WALTER ROBERT BRADLEY, RETIRED. 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be brigadier general 
COLONEL TONY D. BAUERNFEIND COLONEL VINCENT K. BECKLUND COLONEL STEVEN J. BLEYMAIER COLONEL RICHARD A. COE COLONEL WILLIAM T. COOLEY COLONEL BARRY R. CORNISH COLONEL CHRISTOPHER E. CRAIGE COLONEL ANDREW A. CROFT COLONEL ALLAN E. DAY 
COLONEL TRENT H. EDWARDS COLONEL ANDREW J. GEBARA COLONEL GERALD V. GOODFELLOW COLONEL JOHN R. GORDY II COLONEL STACEY T. HAWKINS COLONEL CAMERON G. HOLT COLONEL KEVIN A. HUYCK COLONEL JAMES A. JACOBSON COLONEL DARREN V. JAMES COLONEL DAVID J. JULAZADEH COLONEL KEVIN B. KENNEDY COLONEL CHAD T. MANSKE COLONEL MICHAEL A. MINIHAN COLONEL WAYNE R. MONTEITH COLONEL DANIEL J. ORCUTT COLONEL LENNY J. RICHOUX COLONEL CARL E. SCHAEFER COLONEL JOHN E. SHAW COLONEL BRAD M. SULLIVAN COLONEL BILLY D. THOMPSON COLONEL PAUL A. WELCH COLONEL WILLIAM P. WEST 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
BRYAN K. ANDERSON 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A07JA6.032 S07JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E21 January 7, 2015 
PROCEDURES FOR THE USE OF 
STAFF DEPOSITION AUTHORITY 
HON. PETE SESSIONS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, January 7, 2015 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to 
section 3(b)(2) of House Resolution 5, 114th Congress, and section 4(c)(5)(B) of House Resolution 567, 113th Congress, I hereby sub-mit the following regulations regarding the conduct of depositions by committee and se-lect committee staff for printing in the C
ON-
GRESSIONAL RECORD : 
1. Notice for the taking of depositions shall 
specify the date, time, and place of examina-tion (if other than within the committee of-fices). Depositions shall be taken under oath administered by a member or a person other-wise authorized to administer oaths. 
2. Consultation with the ranking minority 
member shall include three business days’ no-tice before any deposition is taken. All mem-bers of the committee shall also receive three- business days notice that a deposition has been scheduled. 
3. Witnesses may be accompanied at a 
deposition by counsel to advise them of their rights. No one may be present at depositions except members, committee staff designated by the chair or ranking minority member, an official reporter, the witness, and the witness’s counsel. Observers or counsel for other per-sons, or for agencies under investigation, may not attend. 
4. At least one member of the committee 
shall be present at each deposition taken by the committee, unless the witness to be de-posed agrees in writing to waive this require-ment. 
5. A deposition shall be conducted by any 
member or staff attorney designated by the chair or ranking minority member. When depo-sitions are conducted by committee staff attor-neys, there shall be no more than two com-mittee staff attorneys permitted to question a witness per round. One of the committee staff attorneys shall be designated by the chair and the other by the ranking minority member. Other committee staff members designated by the chair or ranking minority member may at-tend, but may not pose questions to the wit-ness. 
6. Questions in the deposition shall be pro-
pounded in rounds, alternating between the majority and minority. A single round shall not exceed 60 minutes per side, unless the mem-bers or staff attorneys conducting the deposi-tion agree to a different length of questioning. In each round, a member or committee staff attorney designated by the chair shall ask questions first, and the member or committee staff attorney designated by the ranking minor-ity member shall ask questions second. 
7. Any objection made during a deposition 
must be stated concisely and in a non-argu-mentative and non-suggestive manner. The witness may refuse to answer a question only to preserve a privilege. When the witness has 
objected and refused to answer a question to preserve a privilege, the chair of the com-mittee may rule on any such objection after the deposition has adjourned. If the chair over-rules any such objection and thereby orders a witness to answer any question to which a privilege objection was lodged, such ruling shall be filed with the clerk of the committee and shall be provided to the members and the witness no less than three days before the re-convened deposition. If a member of the com-mittee appeals in writing the ruling of the chair, the appeal shall be preserved for com-mittee consideration. A deponent who refuses to answer a question after being directed to answer by the chair in writing may be subject to sanction, except that no sanctions may be imposed if the ruling of the chair is reversed on appeal. 
8. Committee staff shall ensure that the tes-
timony is either transcribed or electronically re-corded or both. If a witness’s testimony is transcribed, the witness or the witness’s coun-sel shall be afforded an opportunity to review a copy. No later than five days thereafter, the witness may submit suggested changes to the chair. Committee staff may make any typo-graphical and technical changes. Substantive changes, modifications, clarifications, or amendments to the deposition transcript sub-mitted by the witness must be accompanied by a letter signed by the witness requesting the changes and a statement of the witness’s reasons for each proposed change. Any sub-stantive changes, modifications, clarifications, or amendments shall be included as an ap-pendix to the transcript conditioned upon the witness signing the transcript. 
9. The individual administering the oath, if 
other than a member, shall certify on the tran-script that the witness was duly sworn. The transcriber shall certify that the transcript is a true record of the testimony, and the transcript shall be filed, together with any electronic re-cording, with the clerk of the committee in Washington, DC. Depositions shall be consid-ered to have been taken in Washington, DC, as well as the location actually taken once filed there with the clerk of the committee for the committee’s use. The chair and the rank-
ing minority member shall be provided with a copy of the transcripts of the deposition at the same time. 
10. The chair and ranking minority member 
shall consult regarding the release of deposi-tions. If either objects in writing to a proposed release of a deposition or a portion thereof, the matter shall be promptly referred to the committee for resolution. 
11. A witness shall not be required to testify 
unless the witness has been provided with a copy of rule XI of the Rules of the House of Representatives and these procedures. HONORING BOB WIECKOWSKI 
HON. MICHAEL M. HONDA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, January 7, 2015 
Mr. HONDA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor California State Senator Bob Wieckowski. On January 11, 2015, State Sen-ator Wieckowski will be honored for his sup-port of the arts in the Tri-City area during Come Embark on Noah’s Ark, a benefit for the Fremont Opera. It is appropriate to extend him the gratitude of the Tri-City arts community and the public. 
State Senator Wieckowski has been a gen-
erous and continuous supporter of the arts community. For many years, State Senator Wieckowski has, through his advice, service, advocacy, and performance, assisted many arts organizations in the Tri-City area, includ-ing the Fremont Cultural Arts Council, the Fre-mont Opera, the Fremont Symphony Orches-tra, Music at the Mission, the StarStruck The-ater, and Yoko’s Academy of Dance & Per-forming Arts. 
State Senator Wieckowski has even ap-
peared on stage in essential roles in the Fre-mont Opera’s productions of La Boheme, The Barber of Seville, and La Traviata, delighting audiences with his varied and ingenious char-acterizations. Every year since 2005, State Senator Wieckowski has appeared in Yoko’s Academy of Dance & Performing Arts’ produc-tion of Tchaikovsky’s The Nutcracker. His work as the lead role of Drosselmeyer in The Nutcracker ballet is an eagerly-anticipated an-nual treat for Tri-City audiences of all ages. 
State Senator Bob Wieckowski’s energy, en-
thusiasm, and dedicated work in support of the arts has deeply enriched the communities in which he serves. 
Mr. Speaker, I commend State Senator Bob 
Wieckowski for all that he has done to cham-pion the arts in the Tri-City area, and I am confident that his efforts will continue to sup-port the arts for many more years to come. 
f 
SUPPORT FOR MINORITY LEADER 
NANCY PELOSI 
HON. DAVID N. CICILLINE 
OF RHODE ISLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, January 7, 2015 
Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
express my support for House Minority Leader N
ANCY PELOSI to continue her leadership in 
the 114th Congress. As the Democratic leader of the U.S. House of Representatives since 2002, Leader P
ELOSI has led our caucus with 
exceptional resolve and integrity. Her commit-ment to Democratic values is evident in her focus on expanding the middle class, growing the economy, expanding affordable access to education, and empowering America’s women and families. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07JA8.001 E07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E22 January 7, 2015 
From 2007 to 2011 Leader P ELOSI served 
as Speaker of the House and under her lead-ership the 111th Congress was hailed as ‘‘one of the most productive Congresses in history.’’ 
Among her many accomplishments, Leader 
P
ELOSI shepherded passage of the American 
Recovery and Reinvestment Act to create and save millions of American jobs; historic health care reform to expand coverage and lower health care costs for millions of Americans; and strong Wall Street reforms to protect con-sumers and rein in the big banks. She has also fought discrimination in the workplace and passed into law the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act and stands for progressive policies that support child nutrition, energy efficiency, transparency in government, affordable hous-ing and veterans. 
Leader P
ELOSI is an extraordinary public 
servant and tested leader. I am proud to sup-port her as leader of the Democratic Caucus and look forward to serving the American peo-ple alongside her in the 114th Congress. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, January 7, 2015 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, yesterday I at-
tended the funeral of the former Governor of New York, Mario Cuomo, in New York City. Consequently I missed several votes in the House of Representatives. 
I would like to submit how I intended to vote 
on these roll call votes had I been present: 
On Roll Call 1, the Quorum Call of the 
House, I would have voted PRESENT. 
On Roll Call 2, the Election of the Speaker 
of the House of Representatives, I would have voted for Representative N
ANCY PELOSI of 
California. 
On Roll Call 3, to Table the Motion to Refer 
H. Res. 5, Adopting rules for the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress, I would have voted NAY. 
On Roll Call 4, Ordering the Previous Ques-
tion on H. Res. 5, I would have voted NAY. 
On Roll Call 5, the Motion to Recommit H. 
Res. 5 with Instructions, I would have voted YEA. 
On Roll Call 6, Agreeing to H. Res. 5, I 
would have voted NAY. 
On Roll Call 7, the Motion to Suspend the 
Rules and Pass H.R. 22, I would have voted YEA. 
f 
RECOGNIZING GWEN BENSON- 
WALKER 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, January 7, 2015 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I ask the 
House to join me in recognizing Gwen Ben-son-Walker, who has served as my Chief of Staff for three years and has been a valuable member of my staff for most of my service in Congress. On December 31, 2014, Gwen transitioned from my office to a well-deserved retirement. Gwen’s strong work ethic, intel-ligence, and enthusiastic personality will surely be missed by her colleagues in the House, the 
residents of the District of Columbia, and es-pecially my office. 
Gwen was not born into the advantages of-
fered to many in our society. Instead, she has always worked her way to success. Aside from her work in my office, Gwen has owned and operated several business ventures. She is a highly-regarded public speaker and a pub-lished author. 
Gwen Benson-Walker performed with excel-
lence and energy whatever work she was asked to do in my office. She served as a caseworker, and her capacity for hard work and her wise head, led her to roles as sched-uler/executive assistant and finally as chief of staff. Even when Gwen moved away from the District of Columbia, she has always returned to our staff upon her return. When not on staff, Gwen was the enthusiastic volunteer coordi-nator for the annual Children’s Christmas Party in the Capitol, lavishing love on the city’s low-income children. Most recently, Gwen served as my Chief of Staff, a position in which she flourished, skillfully organizing and running a busy congressional office. 
Gwen was a confidant to whom I turned to 
for advice and a friend and a mentor to staff. She led by example in her professionalism and insistence on excellence, her dedication, generosity, collegiality and good humor. Gwen is off to retirement in Spain, but she leaves too many family members and friends not to return often to her native land. Gwen now be-comes a treasured life member of Team Nor-ton. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in recog-
nizing Gwen Benson-Walker for outstanding service to the House of Representatives and my office, and to the residents of the District of Columbia. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. PAUL TONKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, January 7, 2015 
Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 6, 
I was absent while attending the funeral of Governor Mario M. Cuomo in New York. 
Had I been present, I would have voted 
‘‘nay.’’ 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE JAMESTOWN 
HIGH SCHOOL VARSITY FOOT-BALL TEAM 
HON. TOM REED 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, January 7, 2015 
Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-
ognize and congratulate the Jamestown High School varsity football team on winning the 2014 New York State Public High School Ath-letic Association championship. 
Led by head coach Tom Langworthy, 
Jamestown claimed the Class AA title by de-feating Newburgh Free Academy 41–20 in front of a raucous crowd at the Carrier Dome in Syracuse, New York. This marks the fourth time since 1994 that Jamestown High School has captured the state football championship. The Red Raiders put on an impressive per-
formance and excelled in all facets of the game. Quarterback Nikkolas Holland led the offense by accounting for four touchdowns. Running back Devan Jackson contributed on both sides of the ball, by rushing for a touch-down and returning a fumble for a touchdown. Senior captain Zack Panebianco was named Most Valuable Player after scoring a touch-down, kicking five extra-points, and making several outstanding defensive plays. Jamestown’s defense continued its season- long run of dominance by forcing turnovers and containing Newburgh’s high-powered of-fense. 
Although football is a team game, I would 
like to recognize a few notable awards re-ceived by individual Jamestown players. Ste-phen Carlson was named the 2014 Connolly Cup winner, awarded to Western New York’s top scholastic football player. Stephen was also named the Section 6 Class AA Defensive Player of the Year. Zack Panebianco was named Offensive Player of the year. Joe Mistretta was named winner of the Trench Trophy, awarded annually to the top lineman in Western New York. Tom Langworthy was named Buffalo Bills/NFL Coach of the Year after guiding his team to an outstanding reg-ular season, winning 12 games and finishing undefeated in their division. 
The hard work and dedication displayed by 
these young men is truly inspiring. The team is a source of pride within Chautauqua County and across New York’s 23rd Congressional District. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. PAUL TONKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, January 7, 2015 
Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 5, 
I was absent while attending the funeral of Governor Mario M. Cuomo in New York. 
Had I been present, I would have voted 
‘‘yea.’’ 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY 
OF FORMER NEW YORK GOV. MARIO CUOMO 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, January 7, 2015 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the life and legacy of Governor Mario Cuomo, who passed away on January 1, 2015 at the age of 82. A highly respected public servant and brilliant orator, Mario Cuomo served as Governor of New York State for three terms, from 1983 to 1994. 
Governor Cuomo was born on June 15, 
1932, in his beloved Borough of Queens. Hail-ing from a family of Italian immigrants, he worked in the family’s grocery store in South Jamaica growing up. The governor graduated from St. John’s Preparatory School, and went on to play baseball on the freshman team at St. John’s University. An aggressive player, he showed great talent and promise. Indeed, he was signed as a prospect in the Pittsburgh Pi-rates organization, earning a signing bonus 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K07JA8.002 E07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E23 January 7, 2015 
that exceeded that of a contemporary pros-
pect—Mickey Mantle—that was later the sub-ject of joking between the two men. 
Shortly after beginning to play for the Class 
D Brunswick Pirates in Georgia, the young fu-ture Governor Cuomo was struck in the head by a fastball, forcing his retirement from base-ball. He then returned to St. John’s University, graduating in 1953. There he met his wife, a fellow student, Matilda Raffa Cuomo. Together they had five children: Andrew Cuomo, the current Governor of New York, Dr. Margaret I. Cuomo, Maria Cuomo Cole, Madeline Cuomo O’Donohue and Christopher Cuomo, a jour-nalist at CNN; and fourteen grandchildren. 
Upon graduation, Cuomo enrolled in St. 
John’s Law School on scholarship, where he graduated at the top of his class. Cuomo ex-perienced success in his law career early on, often fighting on behalf of many blue-collar and middle class families like his own. 
His success did not go unnoticed, and in 
1974 he was the Democratic Party’s choice for Lieutenant Governor of New York. Although he lost the primary election, newly elected Governor Hugh Carey named him New York’s Secretary of State. In 1978, Governor Carey asked Cuomo to be his running mate as Lieu-tenant Governor, and the pair won the election handily. 
In 1982, when Carey did not run for re-elec-
tion, Cuomo sought and won the office of Governor of New York. In his inaugural speech, Cuomo called on the state govern-ment to be ‘‘a positive source for good,’’ es-pousing an energetic optimism and true belief in government. An elegant spokesman for lib-eral politics, his keynote address at the 1984 Democratic National Convention is widely re-garded as one of the finest political speeches of our time. 
Gov. Cuomo served proudly as New York’s 
52nd Governor for three terms, leading the state with a philosophy of ‘‘progressive prag-matism’’ that resulted in fiscal and ethics re-forms for the state, and a broader economic reach for the state in the global marketplace. At his lead, New York became renowned for passing more ‘‘first in the nation’’ types of leg-islation than any other state. From automobile safety to education reforms to public safety, Mario Cuomo’s leadership, more than anyone else’s, succeeded in ensuring New York’s rightful place at the Empire State. 
On a personal level, I was always an ad-
mirer of Governor Mario Cuomo, from his first election right up until his unfortunate passing. Shortly after my initial election to Congress in 2004, I made an appointment to meet with Gov. Cuomo at his New York law office. Scheduled as I was for a brief meeting, I was surprised to spend nearly two hours in the Governor’s office, absorbing his advice and hearing of his many experiences in govern-ment and private life. To this day, to gain in-spiration and to learn more about how to say what is on my mind, I consult many of Gov. Cuomo’s writings. His voice still teaches and his message still resonates all these many years later. 
Mr. Speaker, thank you for allowing me a 
few moments to honor the life of Governor Mario Cuomo. I ask that my colleagues join me in expressing our deepest condolences to the Cuomo family, and our most sincere grati-tude for his dedication to creating a better state and nation. PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BARRY LOUDERMILK 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, January 7, 2015 
Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall 
No. 3, I missed the vote yesterday. I was un-avoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. PAUL TONKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, January 7, 2015 
Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 7, 
I was absent while attending the funeral of Governor Mario M. Cuomo in New York. 
Had I been present, I would have voted 
‘‘yea.’’ 
f 
RECOGNIZING MR. JEREMY M. JA-
COBS FOR HIS OUTSTANDING BUSINESS AND PHILANTHROPIC ACCOMPLISHMENTS 
HON. CHRIS COLLINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, January 7, 2015 
Mr. COLLINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, 
today I rise to honor Mr. Jeremy M. Jacobs, an outstanding businessman and philan-thropist from East Aurora, New York. Mr. Ja-cobs will step aside as CEO of Delaware North, a global food service and hospitality company headquartered in Buffalo, New York, where he has worked since 1968. 
Mr. Jacobs took over what was then called 
Sportservice, at the age of 28, after the death of his father who helped start the company in 1915. During his time as CEO, Mr. Jacobs transformed the company from selling popcorn at local movie theaters into a business with over $3 billion in annual revenue. Delaware North currently ranks number 169th on the Forbes list of largest privately held companies in the United States. 
Mr. Jacobs is also recognized by Forbes for 
his philanthropic endeavors working with the United Way, the Boys and Girls Clubs of America, and is an active member of the Jere-miah Milbank Society. In 2008, he generously donated $10 million to the University at Buffalo associated with the Gates Vascular Institute to support research on the causes, treatment, and prevention of heart and vascular dis-eases. 
Mr. Jacobs’ contributions to Western New 
York have had an everlasting impact on the region and I look forward to seeing what en-deavors Mr. Jacobs undertakes next. RECOGNIZING HARRY C. 
M
CLAUGHLIN ON HIS NINETY- 
FIFTH BIRTHDAY 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, January 7, 2015 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the life and accomplishments of Harry C. McLaughlin, a distinguished member of the Western New York community, on his ninety-fifth birthday. 
Mr. McLaughlin was born in Salamanca, 
New York on December 31st, 1919. After marrying his beloved wife Marjorie, he enlisted in the United States Armed Services. 
A member of the 17th Airborne Division, he 
served as a Cook, a Motor Sergeant, and a Sergeant Major. His position as a Motor Ser-geant was especially notable; in charge of a Motor Pool containing one hundred fifty-four assorted vehicles, Mr. McLaughlin personally performed difficult repairs such as engine overhauls, transmissions, transfer cases, dif-ferentials, relined brakes, and aligned wheels. His respectable service and loyalty to the mili-tary earned him a certificate of thanks from President Harry S. Truman, citing his ‘‘heartfelt thanks’’ for McLaughlin’s ‘‘fortitude, resource-fulness and calm judgment.’’ 
Unfortunately his wife Marjorie passed away 
at a young age due to an illness. In 1960, Mr. McLaughlin married Mary, moved to Eden, New York and adopted eight children: James J., James H., Dan, Harry Jr., Debby, Judith, Maria, and Michael. Four were Mary’s, while the other four were foster children. For over twenty-five years, the couple continued to take in and raise foster children. This honorable en-deavor provided emotional and physical safe-ty, as well as a loving, stable home for many children in need. 
Mr. McLaughlin joined the East Eden Fire 
Department until his retirement in 1981 and practiced carpentry. He was also an active member of the American Legion Post 880 in Eden. 
Mr. Speaker, it is with great pride that I rise 
today to celebrate the life and numerous ac-complishments of Harry C. McLaughlin. I ask you to join me in wishing Mr. McLaughlin a very happy birthday and congratulate him for reaching such an exciting milestone. 
f 
HONORING SPRING AVENUE ELE-
MENTARY SCHOOL FOR BEING NAMED A NATIONAL BLUE RIB-BON SCHOOL 
HON. DANIEL LIPINSKI 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, January 7, 2015 
Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Spring Avenue Elementary School for receiving the prestigious 2014 U.S. Department of Education National Blue Ribbon School Award. 
In 1982, The Department of Education es-
tablished the National Blue Ribbon Schools Program to recognize public and private schools boasting high or significantly improved achievement. The program’s goal is to identify aspects of thriving American schools in order 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K07JA8.004 E07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E24 January 7, 2015 
to replicate their success. I am proud that 
Spring Avenue Elementary School in La Grange has been honored as one of those ex-ceptional schools. 
Led by Principal Elizabeth Webb Peterman, 
the mission of Spring Avenue School is to em-power students to pursue their interests and dreams. The teachers support and nurture the students while they work to empower these talented students to achieve their highest po-tential in every area. Each student at Spring Avenue School feels that they are a valued member of the school community and will be prepared for their future academic and career success. With the help of the community, the faculty and staff work to create a positive dif-ference for each student. 
The key to Spring Avenue School’s success 
is their goal-based school improvement plan. Their professional development is focused around how to help each and every child ad-vance at the expected rate of improvement and beyond. Together with the community, the faculty is helping create a safe, advanced learning environment. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing Spring Avenue Elementary School for this significant achievement and congratulating the staff, parents, students, and community. 
f 
HONORING SHARON JOSEPHSON 
ON HER RETIREMENT 
HON. COLLIN C. PETERSON 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, January 7, 2015 
Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize the dedicated service of my long time district staff assistant, Sharon Josephson. 
After 24 years of service to me and the con-
stituents of Minnesota’s Seventh District, Shar-on retired at the end of the 113th Congress. 
Sharon began working for me when I was 
elected to Congress in 1990, and very ably served the people of Minnesota’s Seventh Dis-trict, handling nearly every issue and concern that our office faced. Over the years, Sharon drove countless miles through a geographi-cally large and rural district to help constitu-ents, communities and businesses navigate federal issues. 
In the wake of severe flooding events, Shar-
on worked with community leaders throughout the Red River Valley as they dealt with the challenges of clean up, recovery and mitiga-tion of future events. She was a steady pres-ence at meetings of watershed districts, the Red River Basin Commission, the Fargo/Moor-head Diversion, the Red River Retention Au-thority and many others. 
As a former educator, Sharon enjoyed 
speaking to classrooms around the district about the workings of Congress and the polit-ical process. She also coordinated the Military Academy nominations process, helping many high school students achieve their dreams of attending places like West Point, the Air Force Academy, and the Naval Academy. 
Sharon was a trusted advisor that I called 
on for advice on a regular basis. It will be dif-ficult to see her leave and she will be missed by so many. 
After many years of dedicated public serv-
ice, Sharon will now be able to enjoy more time with her husband Roger, children Sarah, 
Dan, and Martha, granddaughter Sophia, and another grandchild who will be born later this month. 
So again, Mr. Speaker, I am proud to recog-
nize Sharon’s service to the House of Rep-resentatives and her dedication to Minnesota’s Seventh District. I wish her all the best in her retirement. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. PAUL TONKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, January 7, 2015 
Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 1 
I was absent while attending the funeral of Governor Mario M. Cuomo in New York. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘present.’’ 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF LEON 
HARE, SR. 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, January 7, 2015 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the life and legacy of Leon Hare, Sr., who recently passed away at the age of 92. 
A distinguished World War II veteran, Mr. 
Hare was born in Buffalo, New York to William and Lillie Hare on January 10, 1923. In his youth, he was an accomplished basketball player during his time as a student at Hutch-inson Central High School. 
In 1942, Mr. Hare was drafted into the 
United States Army, serving with distinction in Italy and Germany. He later returned to the U.S. and married Margaret Eileen Sealy, and began a career as a steelworker. He and Mar-garet had three children, Frances, L. Nathan, and Lorna. 
Mr. Hare was an avid bowler as well. He 
worked at Ellicott Lanes, managing and ad-ministering the business, and becoming a fa-ther figure to thousands of young men and women, teaching and mentoring them not just in bowling, but also in life. 
Mr. Speaker, thank you for allowing me to 
take the time to honor the life of Leon Hare, Sr., and I ask that my colleagues join me in offering our deepest condolences to the Hare family. 
f 
HONORING JUDGE STELLA 
HARTMAN SAXON 
HON. HENRY CUELLAR 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, January 7, 2015 
Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the exceptional career of Judge Stella Hartman Saxon of Karnes City, Texas. 
Judge Saxon was born in 1948 in El Paso, 
Texas, to parents Pete and Helen Hartman. The eldest of six children, she graduated from the University of Texas with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Government, and subsequently earned her law degree from the University of Houston. Prior to becoming the 218th Judicial District 
Judge, Stella Hartman Saxon worked as an Assistant District Attorney. During that time, she was selected as the Aerl Jernigan Law Enforcement Officer of the Year for her suc-cessful prosecution of cases from a large un-dercover operation. Judge Saxon was first elected as District Judge in 1990, and has served admirably for over two decades, boldly advocating for the citizens and employees of Atascosa, Frio, Karnes, LaSalle and Wilson Counties. Throughout her career, she has been a shining example of kindness and fair-ness and an ever-present role model to those around her. 
In addition to her exemplary career, Judge 
Saxon is a committed wife, mother, grand-mother, Girl Scout leader, and breast cancer survivor. 
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to have the op-
portunity to recognize Judge Stella Hartman Saxon. Her dedication to the citizens of Texas has truly made her community a better place to live and work. 
f 
HONORING SEVENTH AVENUE ELE-
MENTARY SCHOOL FOR BEING NAMED A NATIONAL BLUE RIB-BON SCHOOL 
HON. DANIEL LIPINSKI 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, January 7, 2015 
Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Seventh Avenue Elementary School for receiving the prestigious 2014 U.S. Department of Education National Blue Ribbon School Award. 
In 1982, The Department of Education es-
tablished the National Blue Ribbon Schools Program to recognize public and private schools boasting high or significantly improved achievement. The program’s goal is to identify aspects of thriving American schools in order to replicate their success. I am proud that Seventh Avenue Elementary School in La Grange has been honored as one of those ex-ceptional schools. 
Principal Erin Hall is committed to ensuring 
success for her students. This begins at the start of the school year with fall tours of the school which give students and parents the opportunity to meet their new teachers. Stu-dents and teachers develop a mutual respect for one another which continues to develop until the 6th Grade Farewell event in which the community comes together to celebrate the year at an all-school picnic with families in the park. These and other events, such as service learning opportunities during the first few months of school, bring together students across all grades and backgrounds. 
At Seventh Avenue School teachers are en-
couraged to use individual student data to cre-ate instructional groups in reading and math so that each student’s needs are met. Stu-dents are pushed to think critically and over-come academic challenges through problem solving. Parents are thanked for their support and presence and encouraged to participate in assemblies, classroom presentations, and par-ent conferences. Ms. Hall recognizes that the Blue Ribbon award is due to the successes of the staff, students, and parents and would not be possible without any of them. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07JA8.009 E07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E25 January 7, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing Seventh Avenue Elementary School for this significant achievement and congratulating the staff, parents, students, and community. 
f 
HONORING GREGORY P. 
MONTANARO 
HON. ROBERT A. BRADY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, January 7, 2015 
Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise to honor The Union League of Philadel-phia and the 69th President of this patriotic or-ganization, Hon. Gregory P. Montanaro. 
Founded in 1862, the Union League has 
been one of the leading supporters of our na-tion and of our Constitution. 
Its 3,600 members pledge ‘‘support of the 
United States Constitution’’, and are leaders in business, education, medicine and the arts. The Foundations of the Union League, three non-profit charities that provide constitutional and leadership education, college scholar-ships, and the opportunity to research and ex-plore one of the most important Civil War col-lections in the United States. 
In December of 2014, the League elected 
my friend Gregory P. Montanaro as its 69th President. Mr. Montanaro embodies the quali-ties that the League stands for today: leader-ship, patriotism, service to the community, and a dedication to preserving the promise of lib-erty and freedom embodied in our constitution. 
Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to 
join me in honoring The Union League of Philadelphia and its president Mr. Gregory P. Montanaro for its 153 years of service to the United States of America. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY 
OF FRANK CIMINELLI 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, January 7, 2015 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the life and legacy of Frank L. Ciminelli, who passed away on December 26, 2014 at the age of 80. A highly respected member of Western New York’s business and construc-tion community, Mr. Ciminelli’s contributions to our region were many and varied. 
Mr. Ciminelli was born in Buffalo, New York 
on October 6, 1934, and grew up on the city’s East Side. As a curious young man, he would assist with his father’s concrete business, learning the trade as he was completing high school. Mr. Ciminelli graduated from Erie County Technical Institute in 1954. 
An extraordinary businessman, Mr. Ciminelli 
started his own concrete company in 1960, the Frank L. Ciminelli Construction Co., which grew steadily and ultimately became the larg-est general contractor & construction firm in Western New York. This company was sold to his son Louis in 1987 and is now known as LPCiminelli. Like his father, Louis continues to expand the company based on the values of 
honesty, integrity, and commitment to excel-lence. 
In 1981, Mr. Ciminelli founded a real estate 
company, the Ciminelli Real Estate Corp, which expanded to four states and manages over 12 million square feet of real estate. The company is now owned by his son Paul, who was inspired by his father’s business acumen, and possesses similar strengths as a business leader within our community. 
Mr. Ciminelli was a dynamic figure in the re-
gion, dedicated to his business, and behind many well-known construction projects includ-ing expansion projects at Millard Fillmore Sub-
urban Hospital and Roswell Park Cancer Insti-tute, the General Motors Tonawanda Engine Plant, the Ford Motor and the Natural Sciences Building on the North Campus of the University of Buffalo, as well as numerous oth-ers. 
An active philanthropist, Mr. Ciminelli was 
also involved with the Roswell Park Alliance, the Sisters Hospital Foundation, Catholic Charities, the University at Buffalo Foundation, St. Luke’s Mission of Mercy, Business Backs the Bills, and countless other causes. 
Mr. Ciminelli was a hardworking and loyal 
family man, and he leaves behind his loving wife, Rosalie G. Savarino Ciminelli, his six children, Louis, Gary, Paul, John, Susan, and Mary, eleven grandchildren, and three great- grandchildren, as well as a host of friends and associates. 
Mr. Speaker, thank you for allowing me a 
few moments to honor Mr. Frank Ciminelli. I ask that my colleagues join me in expressing our deepest condolences to the Ciminelli fam-ily and our gratitude for their contributions to Western New York. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, January 7, 2015 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. 
Mr. Speaker, regrettably, I was unable to at-tend the opening session of the 114th Con-gress yesterday, January 6, as I joined many of my colleagues and friends to memorialize the life of former New York Governor Mario Cuomo. 
Had I been present at the opening session, 
I would have voted for my friend and col-league from California, Rep. N
ANCY PELOSI , to 
serve as Speaker of the House. 
As the Speaker in the 110th and 111th Con-
gresses, and the first woman to hold this posi-tion, Rep. P
ELOSI accumulated an unparalleled 
record of accomplishments to support the mid-dle class and hardworking American families, and I would have been proud to support her election to a third term as Speaker. RECOGNIZING THE PASSING OF 
FORMER REP. HERBERT HARRIS 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, January 7, 2015 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, it is with 
great sadness that I rise with the members of the Virginia delegation to inform our col-leagues of the passing of a former Member of this Chamber, Herbert Harris. 
Herb died at the age of 88 on Christmas 
Eve at his home in the Mount Vernon neigh-borhood of Fairfax County. 
He served three terms in the House from 
1974 to 1980, representing what was then Vir-ginia’s 8th District. 
Like his predecessor, Stan Parris, my pred-
ecessor, Tom Davis, and me, Herb served on the Fairfax County Board of Supervisors prior to his election to Congress, and that experi-ence served him well here. He was a cham-pion for the region, helping secure the nec-essary federal funds to complete construction of the Metro system and to expand the Ma-nassas National Battlefield Park. 
He stood out as an outspoken liberal at a 
time when most of Virginia, even Northern Vir-ginia, was still largely conservative. During his tenure on the Fairfax County Board, he fought for community infrastructure investments, par-ticularly for transportation and sewer system modernization. He also helped with Inova Health System’s expansion to Mount Vernon. It was during these years that he served on regional transportation boards, including the Metro Board of Directors, and became one of its chief regional advocates. 
Upon his election to Congress, he pushed 
to secure the necessary federal funds to com-plete the regional Metro system, and he was an early proponent for expanding the system further into Virginia to reach Dulles Inter-national Airport and other communities. A vet-eran of the Navy, Herb fought the Carter Ad-ministration on proposed cuts in national de-fense and military pay. And based on his ex-perience in local government, he became an advocate for granting full voting representation in the House for the District of Columbia. After narrowly losing his bid for re-election in 1980 and then a rematch in 1982, Herb put his po-litical career aside, telling one confidant that the time required by today’s Members to raise campaign funds put too much emphasis on chasing money rather than exchanging ideas. 
He returned to private law practice after 
leaving the House. 
Our former colleagues, Representatives 
Moran, Davis, and Wolf collaborated in 2001 to name a new Post Office building in the Mount Vernon area to honor Herb’s service. 
Many of us attended funeral services for 
Herb yesterday, and flags were flown at half- mast at the Fairfax Government Center and the capitol in Richmond. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join us 
in extending our gratitude for his public service and sympathy on his passing to Herb’s family and friends by standing with us to observe a moment of silence. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JA8.013 E07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E26 January 7, 2015 
INTRODUCTION OF LEGISLATION 
TO AMEND THE INTERNAL REV-ENUE CODE OF 1986 TO DENY THE REFUNDABLE PORTION OF THE CHILD TAX CREDIT TO INDI-VIDUALS WHO ARE NOT AU-THORIZED TO BE EMPLOYED IN THE UNITED STATES AND TO TERMINATE THE USE OF CERTI-FYING ACCEPTANCE AGENTS TO FACILITATE THE APPLICATION PROCESS FOR ITINS 
HON. GUS M. BILIRAKIS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, January 7, 2015 
Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, today I intro-
duced legislation to prevent illegal immigrants from claiming the refundable portion of the child tax credit. The refundable child tax credit provides cash payment to low-income families who pay no income tax. The program was in-tended to be an additional cash benefit for families who receive the earned-income tax credit. While administered through the tax code, it is a means-tested welfare expenditure. Since Social Security numbers are issued only to those who have the legal right to work in the United States, illegal immigrants use Indi-vidual Taxpayer Identification Numbers (ITIN), which are issued by the IRS regardless of legal status. ITINs allow a person to file a tax return and thus claim the tax credit. The Inter-nal Revenue Service’s (IRS) Certifying Agent Program, which allows a person to apply for an ITIN on behalf of an individual with no verification of their immigration status, has compounded the abuse of ITINs for fraudulent tax claims. With no verification of a person’s status on their tax return or at the issuance of an ITIN, the system has a significant fault, which allows taxpayer dollars to go to those who are not eligible. 
The Treasury Department’s Inspector Gen-
eral for Tax Administration (TIGTA) has re-ported that illegal immigrants claimed $4.2 bil-lion through this child tax credit in 2010. With the federal government borrowing heavily to fi-nance deficits of nearly $1 trillion, we need to ensure federal benefits are only going to law- abiding citizens. 
We must take steps to solve this waste of 
taxpayer money by ending this gap in the tax code. If enacted, this legislation would require those claiming the tax credit to list their social security number or other proof of lawful immi-gration status on their tax return. It would also require the IRS to verify the proper docu-mentation before issuing ITINs. The TIGTA has estimated this legislation would reduce federal spending by $8.4 billion over two years. 
At a time when the federal government is 
operating under significant deficits, we must ensure scarce taxpayer dollars are used re-sponsibly. Allowing them to go to those who are in this country illegally is grossly irrespon-sible. This simple and common sense meas-ure will ensure better accountability to all tax-payers, while also saving money. 
In short, this legislation will ensure this wel-
fare program is only available to its intended recipients, ensuring those who follow the law can continue to receive this assistance. I look forward to working with my colleagues to move this legislation through Congress. IN HONOR OF THOMAS J. HAMMER, 
JR. 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, January 7, 2015 
Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, it is with sad-
ness that I rise in honor of Thomas J. Ham-mer, Jr. who passed away at the beginning of December in Sacramento. With Tom’s pass-ing, our country has lost a true leader, philan-thropist and family man who has left an indel-ible mark on the Sacramento region, our state, and our nation. 
Tom’s life is an American success story. 
Born in 1932 in Birmingham, Alabama, he and his family moved to Sacramento when he was 12. A graduate of McClatchy High School, Tom went on to earn a bachelor’s degree and a law degree from the University of California, Berkeley. He also spent two years as an Army counterintelligence officer. Tom married Phyllis MacAulay, and they raised four remarkable daughters, Dayna Joonas, Noel Richardson, Katie Brown and Tanis McGregor. Phyllis and Tom have twelve grandchildren and one step- child. 
Almost 50 years ago, Tom and his brother- 
in-law, Gordon T. MacAulay, purchased Shas-ta Linen Supply in Sacramento. For the first twenty-five years of operating the company, Tom also practiced law. Over the years, Shas-ta Linen Supply has grown to be a leading supplier of linens and uniforms for restaurants and medical institutions, and importantly it has always remained a family run business. 
Beyond his successful business endeavors, 
Tom’s philanthropic efforts were immense. Bob and I had the pleasure of serving with him in a number of capacities and he also held leadership positions with the Downtown Rotary Club of Sacramento, Mercy Founda-tion, Teichert Foundation, and the Sac-ramento-Yolo Port District, among many other organizations. Tom was also fascinated by, and loved, California’s rich cultural history and the majestic beauty that defines our state. In order to preserve our state’s history, he was active in the California Historical Society, the Sacramento Trust for Historic Preservation and the Sacramento History Museum, and the California Railroad Museum. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join 
me today in paying honor to Thomas J. Ham-mer, Jr. for his exemplary service to those of us in Sacramento and across the nation. His life and legacy—as a husband, father, friend, leader and philanthropist—is an inspiration to us all. I ask that we take a moment and ex-tend our utmost respect and condolences to his family. 
f 
EXPRESSING GRATITUDE TO TED 
EDLICH 
HON. BOB GOODLATTE 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, January 7, 2015 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I am hon-
ored today to express my gratitude to Ted Edlich of Roanoke, Virginia, for his 40-year commitment and service to Total Action for Progress (TAP). For Ted, this year brings to a close four 
decades at the helm of TAP. His tremendous career has been dedicated to this organization and the goal of serving others in need. It has been a highlight of my service as the U.S. Representative for Virginia’s Sixth District to have worked with Ted to help preserve the community action mission set out by the orga-nization’s founder, Cabell Brand. 
Through Ted’s hard work, he has helped to 
transform TAP into a trusted place that the men, women, and children in poverty in the Roanoke Valley can turn to in their hours of need. As TAP’s Executive Director, Ted has been determined to not allow them to be for-gotten and he has succeeded by providing methods of care that are a model for similar organizations around America that provide a hand up to a better life. 
In life, we are called on to adhere to the 
Golden Rule, which Ted clearly took to heart thanks in part to his roots in the ministry. The Roanoke Valley is forever thankful that Ted followed a calling. TAP’s umbrella is a wide one—from the Food Bank to the Child Health Investment Partnership, from This Valley Works to the Dumas Center, from Head Start and the Terrace Apartments to Virginia CARES and Project Discovery. The commit-ment of everyone who has worked with Ted under that sheltering umbrella is very evident, thanks in part to his leadership in constructing a path to a brighter future for so many people. 
As Ted closes this chapter at TAP, he can 
be certain that the steadfastness he has dem-onstrated has prepared those following in his footsteps to continue carrying out the organi-zation’s mission. I wish to express my deepest appreciation to Ted Edlich for sharing so much of himself with those fortunate to have been able to work beside him and for all of his work on behalf of those in the Roanoke Valley. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. PAUL TONKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, January 7, 2015 
Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker on rollcall No. 2. 
I was absent while attending the funeral of Governor Mario M. Cuomo in New York. 
Had I been present, I would have voted for 
Ms. P
ELOSI . 
f 
HONORING OGDEN AVENUE ELE-
MENTARY SCHOOL FOR BEING NAMED A NATIONAL BLUE RIB-BON SCHOOL 
HON. DANIEL LIPINSKI 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, January 7, 2015 
Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Ogden Avenue Elementary School for receiving the prestigious 2014 U.S. Department of Education National Blue Ribbon School Award. 
In 1982, the Department of Education estab-
lished the National Blue Ribbon Schools Pro-gram to recognize public and private schools boasting high or significantly improved achievement. The program’s goal is to identify 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K07JA8.010 E07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E27 January 7, 2015 
aspects of thriving American schools in order 
to replicate their success. I am proud that Ogden Avenue Elementary School in La Grange has been honored as one of those ex-ceptional schools. 
Ogden Avenue School’s mission statement 
is ‘‘we build bridges to the future by inspiring one another to succeed.’’ Principal Pattii Waldo does an outstanding job perpetuating this motto by encouraging students to help one another and building a foundation of re-spectful relationships. 
The school features a nurturing environment 
with a social-emotional learning curriculum which provides for high academic standards. The school’s belief is that social-emotional growth is interwoven into academic learning. Also, partnering with parents and the commu-nity are essential to the growth of students and the school as a whole. 
Ogden Avenue School hosts a cross-grade 
Buddy program as well as various other pro-grams to enrich students’ lives and provide for a better school experience. I commend the school for going above and beyond with their offerings for students and hope that other schools use Ogden Avenue School as an out-standing example to follow. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in recognizing Ogden Avenue Elementary School for this significant achievement and congratulating the staff, parents, students, and community. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, January 7, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,091,316,602.62. We’ve 
added $7,464,332,689.54 to our debt in 5 years. This is over $7.4 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JERROLD NADLER 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, January 7, 2015 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I remained in 
New York yesterday to attend the funeral of former Governor Mario Cuomo. Had I been present, I would have voted for The Honorable N
ANCY PELOSI for Speaker of the House. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOSEPH CROWLEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, January 7, 2015 
Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, on January 6, 
2015 I missed recorded votes #1–7 as I was attending the funeral of Governor Mario 
Cuomo in New York. 
I would like to submit how I would have 
voted if I were here and sworn into office: 
On Roll Call #1 I would have voted present 
(Quorum Call). 
On Roll Call #2 I would have voted for 
NANCY PELOSI for Speaker. 
On Roll Call #3 I would have voted no. On Roll Call #4 I would have voted no. On Roll Call #5 I would have voted yes. On Roll Call #6 I would have voted no. On Roll Call #7 I would have voted yes. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. PAUL TONKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, January 7, 2015 
Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 3. 
I was absent while attending the funeral of Governor Mario M. Cuomo in New York. Had I been present, I would have voted nay. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE RANDOLPH 
HIGH SCHOOL VARSITY FOOT-BALL TEAM 
HON. TOM REED 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, January 7, 2015 
Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-
ognize and congratulate the Randolph High School varsity football team on winning the 2014 New York State Public High School Ath-letic Association championship. 
Led by head coach Brent Brown, Randolph 
claimed the Class D title by defeating Chester Academy 48–41 in front of a raucous crowd at the Carrier Dome in Syracuse, New York. Randolph won the state championship for the third straight year, becoming the first school from Section 6 to ever win three consecutive state titles. 
The Cardinals put on an impressive offen-
sive performance on the strength of their ground game. Quarterback Bryce Morrison rushed for 175 yards and five touchdowns; running back Devyn Nelsen rushed for 289 yards and one touchdown. Before hoisting the championship trophy, Randolph had to over-come a large deficit. The team trailed 27–6 at halftime before scoring on all of their second- half possessions, including 28 consecutive points. In a game that featured two high-pow-ered offenses and 89 total points, the defining moment was an outstanding defensive play. With less than 30 seconds remaining in the game, Bryce Morrison intercepted a pass to complete the comeback and secure Ran-dolph’s third straight state championship. 
Although football is a team game, I would 
like to recognize a few notable accomplish-ments by individual Randolph players. Bryce Morrison was named Section 6 Class D Co- Offensive Player of the Year. In addition, Mor-rison, Devyn Nelsen, Mason Bosley, Michael Bowers, Jeff Andrews, and Tyler Stahley were named ‘‘First Team All-Stars.’’ 
The hard work and dedication displayed by 
these young men is truly inspiring. The team is a source of pride within Cattaraugus County and across New York’s 23rd Congressional 
District. 
f 
HONORING ST. CLETUS SCHOOL 
FOR RECEIVING THE NATIONAL BLUE RIBBON SCHOOL AWARD 
HON. DANIEL LIPINSKI 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, January 7, 2015 
Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor St. Cletus Elementary School, an exem-plary Catholic school in La Grange, Illinois, for receiving the prestigious 2014 U.S. Depart-ment of Education National Blue Ribbon School Award. 
In 1982, The Department of Education es-
tablished the National Blue Ribbon Schools Program to recognize public and private schools boasting high or significantly improved achievement. The program’s goal is to identify aspects of thriving American schools in order to replicate their success. Only 50 private schools across the country were awarded Blue Ribbons in 2014. 
Led by Principal Margaret Hayes, the mis-
sion of St. Cletus School is ‘‘to focus on faith, family, and future.’’ In addition, ‘‘The Catholic formation of students is strengthened through academic excellence. Self-worth and individ-uality are respected.’’ Since September 1953, the school has offered a rigorous and engag-ing curriculum. The core academic program is supplemented with instruction in art, music, physical education, hands-on science lab ac-tivities, technology, and Spanish classes. This prestigious elementary school offers an inte-grated curriculum to motivate students to un-derstand the connection between the class-room and the student’s call to faith. St Cletus School has made a rigorous effort to improve student performance, while also creating a strong partnership between parents and teach-ers. 
I am delighted that the exemplary work of 
the teachers and support staff at St. Cletus School, as well as that of the parents and stu-dents, has been acknowledged on a national stage. I also want to congratulate and ac-knowledge the work of the priests of St. Cletus Parish, Pastor Bob Clark and Associate Pas-tors Ken Baker and Edgar Rodriguez. 
Please join me in celebrating the accom-
plishments of St. Cletus School. Their pursuit of academic excellence is inspiring, and I hope that their success can be replicated across the nation. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. NYDIA M. VELA´ZQUEZ 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, January 7, 2015 
Ms. VELA ´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, on January 
6, 2015 I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted on rollcall No. 2 for the Honorable N
ANCY PELOSI . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JA8.018 E07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E28 January 7, 2015 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. PAUL TONKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, January 7, 2015 
Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 4. 
I was absent while attending the funeral of Governor Mario M. Cuomo in New York. Had I been present, I would have voted nay. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MR. TONY 
BARBA 
HON. DAVID G. VALADAO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, January 7, 2015 
Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Tony Barba on his retirement after 20 years of dedicated service to the peo-ple of Kings County, California. 
Mr. Barba was born on June 13, 1935 in 
Hanford, California. He spent his entire youth in Hanford, where he attended local schools. He attended College of the Sequoias and later joined the U.S. Army. 
In 1964, after completing his service in the 
U.S. Army, Mr. Barba began his career with the California Highway Patrol (CHP). Mr. Barba was initially assigned to the Baldwin 
Park area, however, in 1965 he was trans-ferred back to his hometown of Hanford, where he was the first Latino CHP officer. He would serve the Hanford community as a CHP officer for the rest of his 26 year career with the patrol. 
Mr. Barba was elected to represent District 
Four on the King County Board of Supervisors in 1994. He was the first Latino to serve on the Kings County Board of Supervisors. Mr. Barba has been reelected to serve on the board five times and is the longest serving District Four Supervisor. 
After completing his fifth term, Mr. Barba is 
retiring on December 31, 2014. 
District Four and the entire Kings County 
community have been extremely fortunate to have a dedicated representative such as Mr. Barba to ensure the wellbeing of their commu-nity. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the 
United States House of Representatives to join me in commending Tony Barba for his 20 years of dedicated public service in Kings County and congratulating him on his recent retirement. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS 
Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, 
agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all 
meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. 
As an additional procedure along 
with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks 
section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  
on Monday and Wednesday of each week. 
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, 
January 8, 2015 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . 
MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
January 13 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Foreign Relations 
To hold hearings to examine articulating 
the case for American leadership in the world, focusing on the national inter-est. 
SD–419 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:41 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07JA8.026 E07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D9 Wednesday, January 7, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S27–S68 
Measures Introduced: Eighty-one bills and three 
resolutions were introduced, as follows: S. 38–118, S. Res. 21–22, and S. Con. Res. 1.
                    Pages S57–59 
Measures Passed: 
Majority Party Appointments: Senate agreed to 
S. Res. 21, making majority party appointments for the 114th Congress.
                                                     Page S67 
Minority Party Committee Membership: Senate 
agreed to S. Res. 22, to constitute the minority par-ty’s membership on certain committees for the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress, or until their succes-sors are chosen.
                                                       Pages S67–68 
Appointments: 
Library of Congress Trust Fund Board: The 
Chair announced, on behalf of the Democratic Lead-er, pursuant to the provisions of Public Law 95–277, as amended by the appropriate provisions of Public Law 102–246, and in consultation with the Majority Leader, the appointment of the following individual to serve as a member of the Library of Congress Trust Fund Board for a five year term: George Marcus of California vice Elaine Wynn.
            Page S68 
Migratory Bird Conservation Commission : The 
Chair announced, on behalf of the Democratic Lead-er, pursuant to Public Law 70–770, the appointment of the following individual to the Migratory Bird Conservation Commission: Senator Heinrich. 
                                                                                                Page S68 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-
lowing nominations: 
Ashton B. Carter, of Massachusetts, to be Sec-
retary of Defense. 
Allan R. Landon, of Utah, to be a Member of the 
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System for the unexpired term of fourteen years from Feb-ruary 1, 2002. 
Allan R. Landon, of Utah, to be a Member of the 
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System for the term of fourteen years from February 1, 2016. Loretta E. Lynch, of New York, to be Attorney 
General. 
Jeanne E. Davidson, of Maryland, to be a Judge 
of the United States Court of International Trade. 
Armando Omar Bonilla, of the District of Colum-
bia, to be a Judge of the United States Court of Fed-eral Claims for a term of fifteen years. 
Nancy B. Firestone, of Virginia, to be a Judge of 
the United States Court of Federal Claims for a term of fifteen years. 
Thomas L. Halkowski, of Pennsylvania, to be a 
Judge of the United States Court of Federal Claims for a term of fifteen years. 
Patricia M. McCarthy, of Maryland, to be a Judge 
of the United States Court of Federal Claims for a term of fifteen years. 
Jeri Kaylene Somers, of Virginia, to be a Judge of 
the United States Court of Federal Claims for a term of fifteen years. 
Luis Felipe Restrepo, of Pennsylvania, to be 
United States Circuit Judge for the Third Circuit. 
Kara Farnandez Stoll, of Virginia, to be United 
States Circuit Judge for the Federal Circuit. 
Ann Donnelly, of New York, to be United States 
District Judge for the Eastern District of New York. 
Dale A. Drozd, of California, to be United States 
District Judge for the Eastern District of California. 
LaShann Moutique DeArcy Hall, of New York, to 
be United States District Judge for the Eastern Dis-trict of New York. 
George C. Hanks, Jr., of Texas, to be United 
States District Judge for the Southern District of Texas. 
Roseann A. Ketchmark, of Missouri, to be United 
States District Judge for the Western District of Missouri. 
Travis Randall McDonough, of Tennessee, to be 
United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Tennessee. 
Jose Rolando Olvera, Jr., of Texas, to be United 
States District Judge for the Southern District of Texas. 
Jill N. Parrish, of Utah, to be United States Dis-
trict Judge for the District of Utah. 
Alfred H. Bennett, of Texas, to be United States 
District Judge for the Southern District of Texas. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07JA5.REC D07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D10 January 7, 2015 
Michael Greco, of New York, to be United States 
Marshal for the Southern District of New York for the term of four years. 
Ronald Lee Miller, of Kansas, to be United States 
Marshal for the District of Kansas for the term of four years. 
31 Air Force nominations in the rank of general. A routine list in the Army.
                                Page S68 
Messages from the House:                                     Page S54 
Measures Placed on the Calendar:        Pages S27, S54 
Executive Communications:                         Pages S54–57 
Additional Cosponsors:                                    Pages S59–60 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                        Pages S60–67 Additional Statements: 
Privileges of the Floor:                                            Page S67 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and 
adjourned at 5:56 p.m., until 11 a.m. on Thursday, January 8, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S68.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 23 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 181–203 and 5 resolutions, H.J. Res. 10; and H. Res. 18, 20–22 were introduced. 
                                                                                      Pages H103–04 
Additional Cosponsors:                                         Page H105 
Reports Filed: A report was filed on January 2, 
2015 as follows: 
Activities of the House Committee on Oversight 
and Government Reform, One Hundred Thirteenth Congress (H. Rept. 113–734). 
A report was filed today as follows: 
H. Res. 19, providing for consideration of the bill 
(H.R. 3) to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 30) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the 30-hour threshold for classification as a full-time employee for purposes of the employer mandate in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and replace it with 40 hours (H. Rept. 114–1). 
                                                                                              Page H103 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Thompson (PA) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                              Page H51 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:34 a.m. and re-
convened at 12 noon.                                                   Page H55 
Administration of the Oath of Office: Representa-
tives-elect Crowley, Engel, Higgins, Lowey, Carolyn B. Maloney (NY), Sean Patrick Maloney (NY), Meeks, Meng, Nadler, Rangel, Tonko, and Vela´zquez presented themselves in the well of the House and were administered the Oath of Office by 
the Speaker.
                                                                      Page H55 
Clerk Designations: Read a letter from the Clerk 
wherein she designated Robert Reeves, Deputy Clerk, and Kirk D. Boyle, Legal Counsel, to sign any and all papers and do all other acts in case of her temporary absence or disability.
                    Page H55 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules 
and pass the following measures: 
Terrorism Risk Insurance Program Reauthoriza-
tion Act of 2015: H.R. 26, to extend the termi-
nation date of the Terrorism Insurance Program es-tablished under the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act of 2002, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 416 yeas to 5 
nays with one answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 8; 
                                                                        Pages H59–71, H92–93 
Low-Dose Radiation Research Act of 2015: H.R. 
35, to increase the understanding of the health ef-fects of low doses of ionizing radiation;
     Pages H82–83 
National Windstorm Impact Reduction Act Re-
authorization of 2015: H.R. 23, to reauthorize the 
National Windstorm Impact Reduction Program, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 381 yeas to 39 nays, Roll 
No. 10; and                                                     Pages H83–87, H94 
Tsunami Warning, Education, and Research 
Act of 2015: H.R. 34, to authorize and strengthen 
the tsunami detection, forecast, warning, research, and mitigation program of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration.
                          Pages H87–92 
Suspension—Failed: The House failed to agree to 
suspend the rules and pass the following measure: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07JA5.REC D07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D11 January 7, 2015 
Promoting Job Creation and Reducing Small 
Business Burdens Act: H.R. 37, to make technical 
corrections to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, to enhance the ability of small and emerging growth companies to access capital through public and private markets, and to reduce regulatory burdens, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote 
of 276 yeas to 146 nays, Roll No. 9. 
                                                                              Pages H71–82, H93 
Joint Economic Committee—Appointment: The 
Chair announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following Member of the House to the Joint Eco-nomic Committee: Representative Brady (TX). 
                                                                                                Page H94 
Whole Number of the House: Under clause 5(d) 
of Rule 20, the Chair announced to the House that, in light of the administration of the Oath to Mem-bers-elect, the whole number of the House is 428. 
                                                                                                Page H94 
Oath of Office: The House agreed to H. Res. 20, 
providing for the authority to administer the Oath of Office to the Honorable Alan Nunnelee of Mis-sissippi. Subsequently, the Chair appointed the Hon-orable Judge Michael Mills of the Northern District of Mississippi, United States District Court, to ad-minister the Oath of Office.
                                    Page H95 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes de-
veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H92–93, H93, H94. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 4:50 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
ORGANIZATIONAL MEETING; KEYSTONE XL PIPELINE ACT; SAVE AMERICAN WORKERS ACT OF 2015 
Committee on Rules: Full Committee held an organiza-
tional meeting for the 114th Congress; and a hearing on H.R. 3, the ‘‘Keystone XL Pipeline Act’’; and H.R. 30, the ‘‘Save American Workers Act of 2015’’. The committee adopted its rules of procedure 
for the 114th Congress. The committee granted, by record vote of 7–4, a closed rule for H.R. 3. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided among and controlled by the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the chair and ranking minor-ity member of the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the bill shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill. The rule provides one motion to recommit. Additionally, the rule also granted a closed rule for H.R. 30. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority mem-ber of the Committee on Ways and Means. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the bill shall be consid-ered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill. The rule provides one motion to recommit. Testimony was heard from Chairman Ryan of Wisconsin, Chairman Shuster, and Representatives Levin, Courtney, Pallone, and Cramer. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, 
JANUARY 8, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: business 
meeting to consider an original bill to approve the Key-stone XL Pipeline, 10 a.m., SD–366. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: to hold a closed round-
table briefing on certain intelligence matters, 9:15 a.m., SH–219. 
House 
No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07JA5.REC D07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD12 January 7, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
11 a.m., Thursday, January 8 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Senate will be in a period of 
morning business. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
10 a.m., Thursday, January 8 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Consideration of H.R. 3—Key-
stone XL Pipeline Act (Subject to a Rule) and H.R. 30— Save American Workers Act of 2015 (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Bilirakis, Gus M., Fla., E26 
Brady, Robert A., Pa., E25 Cicilline, David N., R.I., E21 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E27 Collins, Chris, N.Y., E23 Connolly, Gerald E., Va., E25 Crowley, Joseph, N.Y., E27 Cuellar, Henry, Tex., E24 
Goodlatte, Bob, Va., E26 Higgins, Brian, N.Y., E22, E22, E23, E24, E25 Honda, Michael M., Calif., E21 Lipinski, Daniel, Ill., E23, E24, E26, E27 Loudermilk, Barry, Ga., E23 Maloney, Carolyn B., N.Y., E25 Matsui, Doris O., Calif., E26 Nadler, Jerrold, N.Y., E27 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, D.C., E22 
Peterson, Collin C., Minn., E24 Reed, Tom, N.Y., E22, E27 Sessions, Pete, Tex., E21 Tonko, Paul, N.Y., E22, E22, E23, E24, E26, E27, E28 Valadao, David G., Calif., E28 Vela´zquez, Nadia M., N.Y., E27 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:59 Jan 08, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D07JA5.REC D07JAPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST