Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H1167 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 2015 No. 33 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. N
EWHOUSE ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO 
TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
February 26, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable D AN 
NEWHOUSE to act as Speaker pro tempore on 
this day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 6, 2015, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
The Chair will alternate recognition 
between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. 
f 
PRESIDENT SPEAKS ON 
IMMIGRATION 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. GUTIE ´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I am 
very proud of the President for speak-ing directly to the American people on immigration last night in a town hall on Telemundo and on MSNBC. He was very clear that he will comply with the dictates of the judicial branch, even as he fights a Federal judge’s temporary injunction in the courts and is pre-pared to appeal those rulings all the way to the Supreme Court if necessary. The President will follow the law—as 
he has been doing—and comply with the injunction. 
But let me be clear to my Republican 
friends and to the American families impacted—for now—by the court’s ac-tion. Nothing about the injunction compels the President to deport any-one he has identified as a low priority for enforcement. 
No matter how many lawsuits are 
filed, how many symbolic votes are held in Congress, or how many Federal agencies are shut down, there is noth-ing the Republican Party can do to force the President of the United States to deport DREAMers or go after the parents of U.S. citizens if they have no criminal record and have lived here for a while. And the Republicans know there is nothing they can do to force the President to deport 5 million peo-ple that he has said he is going to pro-tect—nothing. 
For years, Congress has only pro-
vided enough funding to deport 4 per-cent of the total undocumented popu-lation, or 400,000 people a year. Clearly, we in Congress know that only a small percentage of people will be targeted by our limited enforcement resources because that is the law that we here in Congress made. 
For all the talk about a rogue or im-
perial President, he is actually doing the job we asked him to do—to spend the limited enforcement resources we appropriated on doing what? Pro-tecting the homeland by deporting the worst of the worst, not on DREAMers, not on the parents of U.S. citizens who have strong ties to this country and decades with no criminal background. The DACA program for DREAMers an-nounced in 2012 is still in place and re-newals are happening right now, as we speak. It is 640,000 strong. 
So, under the enforcement priorities 
and under the DACA program, it is clear to me—and I want to make it clear to everyone at home—that the President has no plans to deport 
DREAMers or the parents of U.S. citi-zens who have never been involved in crime. 
Now, I know firsthand about numer-
ous efforts to negotiate across the aisle—that the majority of our country and the majority of the Republican Party would like to have a functioning legal immigration system. But the im-pression the Republican Party is leav-ing with the American people—the only solution the Republicans are of-fering—is that they demand the depor-tation of DREAMers and the deporta-tion of the parents of 5 million Amer-ican citizens who would be protected— and continued to be protected—under the President’s executive actions. 
This is what my colleagues fail to ap-
preciate when they stand alongside the hard-liners and opponents of legal im-migration: in their zeal to support non-citizens, Republicans are hurting them-selves with citizens. 
In my district in Chicago, just like 
the rest of the country, there is no caste system where people who were born in the U.S. never mix with people who weren’t born here. There are no differences between the people who came with a visa, the people who over-stayed a visa, the people who never had a visa to begin with, and people who were born U.S. citizens. 
When we celebrate the Fourth of 
July or Thanksgiving, believe it or not, we all sit at the same table. The un-documented are a part of our families, live in our neighborhoods, attend our churches, and are in classrooms with our children. 
What the Republican Party fails to 
see is that when they call for the de-portation of DREAMers and long-term residents, they are calling for the de-portation of our family members, our neighbors, and my children’s class-mates. 
Don’t forget: most Latinos in Amer-
ica are not immigrants but are U.S. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.000 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1168 February 26, 2015 
citizens. So it should come as no sur-
prise that when the 1 million or so Latino U.S. citizens turn 18 this year, they will not think fondly of the Re-publican Party—the party that is bent on deporting members of their families and their communities. 
Another statistic: 93 percent of 
Latinos under the age of 18 are U.S. citizens. Ninety-three percent of them are U.S. citizens. They will not have a warm and fuzzy feeling about the party that fought tooth and nail to throw out their moms and dads. And the 5 million citizens whose parents are undocu-mented—who worry every day about whether their families will remain in-tact—are going to remember which party was cruel to their moms and dads, using them as scapegoats and in-sinuating they are all criminals bring-ing diseases to this country. 
The Republican Party’s goal of forc-
ing the President to deport all the non-citizens they want deported will simply never be achieved until the Republican Party elects one of their own to the White House. And the strategy of the Republican Party—forcing this Presi-dent to deport all the noncitizens they want deported—pretty much guaran-tees that one of their own isn’t going to get to the White House anytime soon. 
f 
REMEMBERING REPRESENTATIVE 
CASS BALLENGER 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. M
CHENRY ) for 5 
minutes. 
Mr. M CHENRY. Mr. Speaker, a week 
ago yesterday, the Nation lost one of its most selfless and unique public servants with the passing of my prede-cessor, former North Carolina 10th Dis-trict Congressman Cass Ballenger. 
Up until 2005, Congressman Ballenger 
represented the 10th District of North Carolina in the United States House of Representatives. During that time, he served as chairman of the House Sub-committee on Workforce Protections, where he authored groundbreaking leg-islation that improved workplace safe-ty and created the opportunity for em-ployers and regulators to be partners, not adversaries, in protecting the health and safety of workers. 
As chairman of the Western Hemi-
sphere Subcommittee on the Inter-national Relations Committee, he took on the daunting and often thankless task of fighting to promote democracy and defend human rights in Central and South American nations. He did this not only for the sake of justice in those countries, but also to protect the interests of the United States. 
His personal commitment to serving 
his constituents is a legendary example that I strive every day to follow. I was the beneficiary of his kind and gracious nature when I was elected to represent the 10th District in 2005 after his deci-sion to retire from the House. He per-sonally provided me with guidance and assistance that immeasurably helped 
me as a new Member of Congress and ensured continuity of our quality con-stituent services for western North Carolina. 
In his personal and professional life, 
Cass placed others before himself. He was a part of the Greatest Generation. He fought in World War II and returned home to go to college. He started a family and joined his father’s business in box manufacturing. He told his fa-ther that boxes were a thing of the past and the wave of the future was plastics. It is almost like it was George Bailey coming home to say that. 
As a county commissioner in Ca-
tawba County, he was one of the first Republicans elected after the Civil War. Now, at this date, Catawba Coun-ty is one of the most Republican coun-ties in the State of North Carolina. 
He led the way to establish the Ca-
tawba Valley Community College and Catawba Valley Medical Center. As a legislator in the North Carolina Gen-eral Assembly, he authored the State’s first meaningful open meetings law and was named Most Effective Republican Legislator by the North Carolina Insti-tute of Government. 
It would take volumes to talk about 
all of the philanthropic work of Con-gressman Ballenger and his wife, Donna, but they are responsible for countless schools, day care centers, hospitals, and disaster responses in the United States and Central and South America as well. 
Personally, Cass was the ultimate 
character. He could tell you a great story, a great joke, and tell you off, and you would laugh at everything he said. 
In addition to being one of the most 
distinguished Members of the House and the North Carolina Republican del-egation generally, Congressman Ballenger was also very colorful. There are great moments here on the House floor that we can point to. 
Anyone who spent any time with him 
knew that he was affable, kind, and brutally honest. He would tell you ex-actly what he was thinking, and gen-erally with a hilarious delivery. He was one of the few people who could hold someone accountable in the most blis-tering way possible, make you laugh, and also help you out of a tight spot, all in one conversation. He was a rare person, indeed, and he will be missed. 
I ask my colleagues to join with me 
in a moment of silence on the passing of Congressman Cass Ballenger. 
f 
ESEA 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Q
UIGLEY ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, like 
many of you, as a kid, I learned about Robin Hood. You know the story: he stole from the rich and gave to the poor. 
But today, I come to talk to you 
about something a little less story-book. In this case, my friends on the 
other side of the aisle are supporting a bill that robs from poor schools and gives to rich schools. 
The so-called Student Success Act 
that we are debating today takes money from schools with the greatest need and redistributes it to less needy schools in more affluent communities, hurting students and teachers in its wake. That is hardly the definition of success the bill claims to make. 
The Student Success Act would reau-
thorize education funds first signed into law in 1965 by President Lyndon Johnson, who said that ‘‘full edu-cational opportunity should be our first national goal.’’ But the Student Success Act completely misses the mark of what LBJ was trying to ac-complish. 
A former teacher, LBJ believed that 
equal access to education was the key to success, and that the vital education funding that the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act provided would help millions of ‘‘children with poor families overcome the greatest barrier to progress: poverty.’’ 
For 50 years, the ESEA has provided 
essential funding for school districts that serve low-income students as well as aid to State education agencies to help them improve the quality of ele-mentary and secondary education around the country. But the robust progress that our schools made in the first 40 years after the passage of the ESEA has slowed over the last decade. 
Since the passage of No Child Left 
Behind, we have seen both sides ac-knowledge the problems that have re-sulted and commit to fixing them. But rather than fixing those problems and redoubling our commitment to equal access to education, the Student Suc-cess Act actually creates more prob-lems, moving even further away from what we know is best for students, is best for teachers, and is best for our country. 
In its current form, H.R. 5 under-
mines the progress our Nation has made in providing a high quality edu-cation for all Americans, regardless of their ZIP Code. If we allow H.R. 5 to become law, school districts in Illinois and across the country will see their funding cut exponentially. Nationally, this will cut education funding by over half a billion dollars in 2016 alone. 
Chicago public schools, where over 60 
percent of students are below the pov-erty level, will lose over $64 million in title I funding. That is a 23 percent cut in Federal education dollars at a time 
when Chicago schools need it the most. 
But wait, there is more. This bill 
eliminates qualification requirements for paraprofessionals, teachers’ aides, and support staff, who provide vital as-sistance to classrooms across the coun-try. It eliminates requirements to en-sure quality professional development for teachers. 
It directs 1 out of every 10 dollars 
away from public schools and directs it to private companies. It allows stu-dents with disabilities to be taught 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.002 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1169 February 26, 2015 
with separate, lower standards. The 
bill fails to ensure that students suc-ceed in the classroom or after gradua-tion by gutting accountability stand-ards. These are standards that help en-sure that students graduate from high school, which we know is so intimately linked to economic success. 
b1015 
This bill simply fails to provide our 
teachers and students with the re-sources they so desperately need to succeed. 
It is time to go back to the drawing 
board. It is time to actually focus on providing students, schools, and teach-ers the ability to be more successful with an ESEA that puts the focus where it belongs, on investing in edu-cation. 
We need an ESEA that returns to its 
original purpose of fighting poverty and ensuring equity, one that holds States and districts accountable for providing equitable resources, one that includes a system of supportive inter-ventions for struggling schools and stu-dents, one that deals with the fact that two-thirds of the achievement gap is due to poverty—and does something about it—such as funding community schools, one that provides our teachers with the resources and support they need to help our young people succeed. 
We can do better, Mr. Speaker. We 
must do better. This is simply too im-portant. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on 
the so-called Student Success Act. 
f 
HONORING THE MEMORY OF 
HELEN KILROY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. W
EBER ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 
today, I rise to honor the memory of Helen Kilroy of Galveston County. Helen Kilroy was a woman of service who always put community and others first. 
In March of 1989, her son, Mark Kil-
roy—her and Jim’s son—disappeared during a spring break in Mexico. Unfor-tunately, the Kilroy’s ultimately learned that their beloved son was murdered by a cult practicing human sacrifice. 
Losing a loved one, especially a son 
or daughter, can be debilitating; in-stead, Helen and Jim Kilroy decided to channel their grief into action. The memory of their son was honored through their support of causes to help those in need. 
In 1995, the Kilroys founded the Mark 
Kilroy Foundation to support the Safe Communities Coalition. The coalition works to promote drug-free commu-nities, violence prevention, and anger management. It also provides coun-seling for at-risk children. 
Helen Kilroy’s selflessness did not 
stop at the creation of the Mark Kilroy Foundation. Helen was a foster parent to seven children and a district leader for the Bay Area Council Cub Scouts 
from 1976–1983. She was a Meals on Wheels volunteer. She was a Santa Fe Parks and Recreation Board member, a dedicated church Eucharistic minister, as well as a volunteer EMT and a para-medic for Santa Fe, Texas, EMS. 
On December 22, 2014, Helen Kilroy 
lost her battle with ALS-Lou Gehrig’s disease. She died after fighting that long battle. She is survived by her hus-band, Jim Kilroy; her son, Keith; her daughter-in-law; two grandchildren; three sisters; two brothers-in-law; nu-merous cousins; nieces; and nephews. 
The many individuals helped by the 
Mark Kilroy Foundation and by her many service roles are a living legacy to her selfless nature. Helen’s impact on our community was unparalleled. It takes a strong person to take a family tragedy and turn it into a lasting influ-ence on our community. Helen’s serv-ant heart truly changed and even saved lives. 
Helen, you are missed. Jim, your beloved life is a legacy to 
the both of you. 
Helen, may you rest in peace. Jim and family, you all are in our 
prayers. 
f 
WE ARE ONCE AGAIN ON THE 
BRINK OF A SHUTDOWN 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´N) for 5 
minutes. 
Mr. BEN RAY LUJA ´N of New Mexico. 
Mr. Speaker, we are only days away from a shutdown of the Department of Homeland Security. 
When Republicans took control of 
the House and Senate, they pledged to avoid more government shutdowns. In-stead, we have, sadly, learned that Speaker B
OEHNER and Leader M ITCH 
MCCONNELL went nearly 2 weeks—2 
weeks—without talking, and their fail-ure to govern us has us, once again, on the brink of a shutdown. 
I have been shocked and disappointed 
to hear some of my Republican col-leagues say that a shutdown of the De-partment of Homeland Security would not be a serious issue and try to mini-mize its impact on people, minimize its impact on workers, and even try to minimize its impact on America. 
In my home State of New Mexico, a 
border State, where we have many men and women who proudly serve our country as employees of the Border Pa-trol, the TSA, and other agencies, get-ting furloughed or working without a paycheck is a serious issue. 
If Republicans continue down this 
path, paychecks will stop, but rent and mortgages and utility bills for these workers will not. 
Time and again, House Republicans 
have failed to govern, moving only from one crisis to the next. Sadly, the failure to fund DHS is the latest manu-factured crisis that will have a real im-pact on working families in New Mex-ico and across America while need-lessly putting our national security at 
risk. 
It is time for congressional Repub-
licans to stop putting their political se-curity ahead of national security and pass a clean bill. It is time for House Republicans to stop catering to the ex-treme anti-immigration wing of their party that is willing to sacrifice our Nation’s security in order to attack DREAMers who are going to college and serving our great Nation. 
Mr. Speaker, the eyes of the Amer-
ican people are watching this Repub-lican-led Congress, and so far, all they have seen is gridlock and dysfunction. 
Mr. Speaker, the United States Sen-
ate is moving forward to fund the De-partment of Homeland Security. House Democrats are ready to support a clean bill. The only ones standing in the way of preventing a Department of Home-land Security shutdown are House Re-publicans. For our country’s sake, let us hope that changes. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean Department of Homeland Se-curity funding bill that will keep the Department open so it can carry out its mission of keeping the American people safe. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 6, 2015, the House is in session sole-ly for the purpose of conducting morn-ing-hour debate. Therefore, that unani-mous consent request cannot be enter-tained. 
f 
AN EXAMPLE OF FISCAL 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. L
OUDERMILK ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Speaker, 
during our recess, I had the oppor-tunity to attend Oakland Heights Bap-tist Church in beautiful Cartersville, Georgia, as they celebrated a very spe-cial occasion. 
While Oakland Heights is a promi-
nent church in our community, it would not be considered a large church in most metropolitan areas. The con-gregation consists of mostly average, hardworking Americans who love God and their families and are eager to help a neighbor in times of need. 
Throughout the years, the church has 
been a beacon of hope to those seeking truth and a haven to those seeking help. As a body of Christian believers, Oakland Heights also believes that it has a responsibility to not only serve our community, but to be an example. 
Three years ago, the pastor and the 
congregation of Oakland Heights deter-mined their responsibilities to God and the community included being good stewards; although they were burdened with over $1 million of debt, they had a vision of being debt free. 
They were determined to pay off 
their debt within 3 years without af-fecting their core ministries to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.003 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1170 February 26, 2015 
congregation or the community. It 
wasn’t easy. It took sacrifice; but, with determination, they stuck to their plan, lived within their means, and—in less than 3 years—made the final pay-ment on their bank note. 
During the time they were elimi-
nating the debt, the church gave over a half a million dollars to local min-istries, charities, and world missions. In less than 36 months, this relatively small congregation took on a moun-tain: a mountain of debt. At the end of last week’s service, after hearing a ser-mon about moving mountains, the con-gregation celebrated as they burned their bank note. 
Today, I congratulate Pastor Joe 
McKaig and the congregation of Oak-land Heights Baptist Church for achieving this significant goal and for being an example of fiscal responsi-bility. 
Mr. Speaker, if a church with a mod-
est congregation in an average commu-nity can pay off an overwhelming debt, I believe the most powerful and influ-ential Nation on the Earth should be able to pay off its overwhelming debt; but, just as with this church, it starts with a vision, followed by a plan and a determination to achieve the goal. 
Mr. Speaker, I have a vision, a vision 
of a debt-free America. With a goal, a sound fiscal plan that includes living within our means while providing the constitutional services of our govern-ment, we can achieve a debt-free Na-tion. 
We owe it to our children to 1 day, 1 
day soon, write the final check to our creditors and burn America’s bank note to the world. 
f 
FILL UP YOUR PLATE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from 
Massachusetts (Mr. M CGOVERN ) for 5 
minutes. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, in 
2013, I participated in my first ‘‘Monte’s March’’ to raise money for the Food Bank of Western Massachu-setts. Along with my friend local radio host Monte Bel Monte and several oth-ers, we walked 26 miles in 1 day, from Northampton to Greenfield, Massachu-setts. 
Along the way, we stopped at the 
Amherst Survival Center where low-in-come people can go to receive food, clothing, medical advice, and a number of other services to help them through hard times. 
The executive director handed me a 
stack of paper plates. On the plates, people who used the Amherst Survival Center had written how hunger had im-pacted their lives. 
Inspired by this simple yet powerful 
message, last Thursday, I launched #fillupyourplate on my Web site at mcgovern.house.gov. It is a place where people can tell me what SNAP, or food stamps, means to them or how hunger has impacted their lives. Responses are posted on my Web site to create a wall of virtual paper plates. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, the House 
Agriculture Committee, which I am proud to serve on, held the first hear-ing in its top-to-bottom review of the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, or SNAP. 
SNAP is the Nation’s preeminent 
antihunger program that provides crit-ical food assistance to more than 46 million Americans. Last year, 16 mil-lion children—or 1 in 5 American chil-dren—relied on SNAP. Unfortunately, every indication is that Republicans will try to cut this critical safety net program yet again. 
Mr. Speaker, I fully support rigorous 
oversight of Federal programs, but we shouldn’t single SNAP out for aggres-sive or unnecessary scrutiny. It al-ready has one of the lowest error rates among all Federal programs, and CBO projections show that SNAP caseloads and spending are expected to fall as our economy continues to improve. 
One of the reasons why I started the 
#fillupyourplate campaign was to make sure that the voices of those who use SNAP, who are struggling to make ends meet, are heard in the discussions here in Washington. All too often, the real stories of those who are struggling get drowned out by false rhetoric and partisan talking points. 
Mr. Speaker, so far, I have received 
more than 100 virtual paper plates. I want to read just a few of the mes-sages. 
From Michelle, she wrote: ‘‘SNAP 
means that many junior ranking mem-bers’ families will not go hungry while their military spouses are away defend-ing this Nation.’’ 
From Patricia: ‘‘I am a single mother 
of two. I currently work at Dunkin’ Donuts. If my SNAP benefits got cut, I would not be able to pay my rent be-cause I would be spending all of my paychecks on food for my children. I lived in a homeless shelter for a year before coming to my apartment in Oc-tober of 2014. 
‘‘If my SNAP benefits are cut, I will 
be back in a shelter. I do not plan on being on SNAP benefits forever. I would like to finish my degree and get a job that will support my household without any assistance, but for now, I need help.’’ 
From Cherise: ‘‘It means my children 
won’t go to bed hungry and can func-tion better in school because they have food in their bellies. It also lets me buy more healthy and fresh foods I wouldn’t have access to if I had to pay out of pocket. I am grateful for this program. There is no joy in watching children struggle over something so easily prevented.’’ 
From Sabine: ‘‘SNAP to my family 
means I don’t have to choose between paying the lights or making sure I feed my son breakfast in the morning. Hav-ing my SNAP benefits takes a huge load off my $243 take-home check from work a week. With SNAP, my son is guaranteed food in his tummy.’’ 
From David: ‘‘It meant my family 
was still able to eat while I was be-tween jobs. My wife had to quit her job 
to stay home and take care of our spe-cial-needs daughter. A month after the birth of our second daughter, I lost my job and went almost a year before find-ing a job that paid enough to provide for our family. 
‘‘At one time, I was holding four 
part-time jobs at the same time. I never thought I would have to rely on government assistance but, now, don’t know how we would have gotten by without it.’’ 
b1030 
Mr. Speaker, I am committed to 
making sure the voices of those who rely on SNAP are heard in the con-versation here in Washington, and I am committed to end hunger now. 
I would remind my colleagues that 
those who are on SNAP are real people who have real families. They are facing difficult times that they hope will soon pass. Rather than cutting their food benefit or making them jump through 
more hoops, as some in this Chamber have advocated, we ought to support them. Too often, the focus of this Con-gress is on ways to help the well-off be-come even more well-off, but we must not forget those who are struggling. They are our constituents. They are our neighbors. They are our brothers and sisters. 
I encourage people to visit my Web 
site, www.mcgovern.house.gov, to share what SNAP means to them. 
f 
IN HONOR OF JOHN EDWARD BUSH 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, as we cele-
brate Black History Month, I rise in honor of an Arkansas son, John Edward Bush, whose entrepreneurial spirit and history of service to his community continue to inspire us to this day. 
John Edward Bush was born into 
slavery on November 14, 1856, orphaned at the age of 7, and freed from slavery at the end of the Civil War. When he had no permanent home or means to support himself, he worked odd jobs until, one day, he was taken to Capital Hill City School in Little Rock and forced to attend. He became a dedi-cated student, working as a brick molder to pay for his education. In 1876, he graduated with honors from Capital Hill City School in Little Rock, where he then served as prin-cipal for 2 years. 
Mr. Bush served as the chairman of 
the Republican Party in Arkansas, but he is best known in Arkansas as the co-founder of the Mosaic Templars of America in 1883. 
Together with Chester Keatts, Mr. 
Bush began the Mosaic Templars to aid African Americans who were being re-fused insurance coverage for illness, death, and funeral costs by White in-surers. The efforts of Mr. Bush and Mr. Keatts, in service to their community, brought economic security and ad-vancement to a group that had been 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.005 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1171 February 26, 2015 
marginalized and neglected. By 1900, 
the activities of the Mosaic Templars had broadened to include an insurance company, a publishing company, a nursing school, a building and loan as-sociation, a business college, and even a hospital. 
What started as a small enterprise to 
provide services to former slaves seek-ing a better life evolved into a thriving business. At its height in the 1920s, the positive influence of the Mosaic Tem-plars was felt by its more than 80,000 members belonging to chapters in 26 States and six foreign countries. While this noble institution fell on hard times during the Great Depression, its impact continued. 
A pillar in the Little Rock commu-
nity, Mr. Bush rose to heightened lev-els of prominence when he was ap-pointed as the Receiver of Public Mon-eys by President William McKinley. His success in this role and deep-seated sense of integrity brought him to the attention of Booker T. Washington and facilitated his reappointment four times by President Theodore Roosevelt and President Taft. 
That relationship with Dr. Wash-
ington became one of trusted con-fidence and close friendship. Mr. Bush was invited to give the commencement address at Tuskegee, and Washington, in turn, was the dedication speaker of the Mosaic Templars’ new building in 1913. 
Mr. Bush passed away at the age of 60 
in 1916. 
Today, Mr. Bush’s descendants re-
main pillars of our civic community in Little Rock, and his legacy lives on at the Mosaic Templars Cultural Center, which is an outstanding educational re-source for our rich African American traditions in Arkansas. 
As we celebrate Black History 
Month, we remember John Bush’s leg-acy that continues to inspire and that remains a major and important part of Arkansas history. 
f 
DHS SHUTDOWN 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. J
EFFRIES ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, in less 
than 2 days, House Republicans are prepared to shut down the Department of Homeland Security, threatening the safety of the American people. 
At home, there is a noted and beloved 
philosopher by the name of Yogi Berra, who once said, ‘‘It’s like de ´ja`vu all 
over again.’’ 
And once more, House Republicans 
are taking the American people on an-other reckless, unnecessary, irrespon-sible legislative joy ride, guaranteed to crash and burn. You did it first in Octo-ber of 2013 by shutting down the gov-ernment for 16 days, crashing and burn-ing parts of the American economy, costing us $24 billion in lost economic productivity. Now you are prepared to crash and burn the safety and the secu-rity of the American people. Why would you contemplate, Mr. 
Speaker, such a reckless action, par-ticularly at a time when there are ter-rorists all across the world who want to kill Americans, including, as re-cently uncovered, three terrorists at home in New York determined, appar-ently, to bomb parts of the Coney Is-land district I represent? Why would you contemplate shutting down the De-partment of Homeland Security at this moment—or at any moment—simply to satisfy the rightwing thirst of the anti- immigration faction of your party? 
Let me pause there parenthetically 
for a moment. 
Because they seem to have concluded 
that this President exceeded his au-thority when he issued an executive ac-tion providing immigration relief, not-withstanding the fact that every Presi-dent since Dwight Eisenhower has taken executive action to provide some form of immigration relief. It has oc-curred 39 times since the 1950s. Presi-dent Eisenhower did it. President Nixon did it. President Ford did it. President Reagan did it. President George Herbert Walker Bush did it. President George W. Bush did it. But when President Obama issues an execu-tive action to provide immigration re-lief to fit these times, all of a sudden, we have got a constitutional crisis. 
Now, perhaps reasonable people can 
disagree with the lawfulness of his order, but the reasonable approach would be to allow the courts to work it out, not shutting down the Department of Homeland Security. 
Many of my friends on the other side 
of the aisle are so-called strict con-structionists. What would the constitu-tion have us do? Well, we have got an article I legislative branch, an article II executive branch, and an article III judicial branch. The Founders have in-dicated, I believe, that they would have us work out constitutional differences through the court system, not by shut-ting down the Department of Homeland Security—causing 30,000 employees to have to go home and another 210,000 employees to have to come to work without pay, stressed, suffering from anxiety, uncertain as to how to pay their bills, pay their mortgage, pay their rent, pay their medical expenses. Do we want to subject our Homeland Security employees to that type of anxiety when terrorists only have to be right once and we have to be right 100 percent of the time? 
Then I was troubled, Mr. Speaker, to 
learn that, apparently, you haven’t spoken to M
ITCH MCCONNELL in several 
weeks. The people back home in the district that I represent and Americans all across the country are shaking their heads. I know you don’t like talk-ing to N
ANCY PELOSI . I know you didn’t 
like talking to H ARRY REID. You don’t 
like talking to the President of the United States. But you can’t have a conversation with Senate Republican Majority Leader M
ITCH MCCONNELL ? It 
is not a long commute from this side of the Capitol to the other side of the Capitol. In fact, Mr. Speaker, you can 
take the train. Is it not reasonable that you have a conversation to try to work this out? 
The American people want us to 
focus on bigger paychecks, better jobs, retirement security, higher education affordability, strengthening the middle class; instead, you are throwing a legis-lative temper tantrum, jeopardizing the safety and security of the Amer-ican people? Shame on you. Let’s get back to doing America’s business. 
f 
THE KEYSTONE XL PIPELINE AND 
COAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. M
OONEY ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Mr. 
Speaker, with his veto of the Keystone XL pipeline, the President has again decided to stand with radical environ-mentalists at the expense of the Amer-ican people. Republicans and Demo-crats came together in both Houses of Congress to pass this commonsense bill, yet the President has seen fit to deny the American people the new jobs it would create. 
The President has a demonstrated 
record of picking favorites in the en-ergy industry. We all remember how the President steered billions in tax-payer dollars to Solyndra, only to see the flawed solar company collapse. 
In 2014 alone, the Department of En-
ergy directed over $1.9 billion in tax-payer dollars to investments in alter-native energy. At the same time, the President has waged war on West Vir-ginia energy jobs. This year, the ad-ministration is expected to ratchet up that war with new ozone standards and a new stream buffer zone rule. These overreaching regulations are inten-tionally designed to kill coal, with dev-astating outcomes for West Virginia and our entire Nation. 
Coal supplies over 90 percent of en-
ergy consumed in West Virginia. An es-calation of the President’s war on coal would cause families in West Virginia to see huge increases in their home en-ergy prices. The escalation would also have a terrible impact on jobs in our State. The American Mining Associa-tion has projected that the new stream buffer zone regulation would destroy as many as 85,000 jobs in the Appalachian region. 
The administration has also held up 
permitting for natural gas exports and proposed damaging regulations on the exploration of new natural gas depos-its. The Keystone veto further con-firms the President’s commitment to continuing his obstructionist agenda. 
With so much at stake for West Vir-
ginia families, we must strengthen our resolve like never before to fight for an energy policy which allows the free market and consumers to choose, not government to discriminate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.006 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1172 February 26, 2015 
NATIONAL PAN-HELLENIC 
COUNCIL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. K
ELLY ) for 5 minutes. 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, 
as we recognize the achievements of many African Americans this Black History Month, I want to acknowledge the Divine Nine, historically black fra-ternities and sororities of the National Pan-Hellenic Council, and the role of their members in shaping our Nation. 
Divine Nine organizations consist of: Alpha Phi Alpha fraternity, founded 
in 1906 at Cornell University, whose brotherhood includes: the Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.; my colleagues Congressmen E
MANUEL CLEAVER , 
DANNY DAVIS, C HAKA FATTAH , A L 
GREEN , GREGORY MEEKS , CHARLES RAN-
GEL, DAVID SCOTT, and B OBBY SCOTT; 
legendary Olympic Gold Medalist Jesse Owens; National Urban League Presi-dent Marc Morial; and legal pioneers Charles Hamilton Houston and Thurgood Marshall; and they are led by Grand President Mark S. Tillman. 
Kappa Alpha Psi fraternity, founded 
in 1911 at Indiana University, includes: civil rights leader Reverend Ralph Abernathy; my colleagues Congress-men S
ANFORD BISHOP , W ILLIAM LACY 
CLAY, dean of the House J OHNCONYERS , 
ALCEE HASTINGS , B ENNIE THOMPSON , 
and H AKEEM JEFFRIES ; General Daniel 
‘‘Chappy’’ James, the first African American four-star general; attorney Johnnie Cochran; Dr. Bernard Harris, Jr., the first Black astronaut; Hall of Fame Chicago Bear running back Gale Sayers; and a special shout-out to a proud Kappa, Brace Clement of Seattle, Washington. They are led by Grand Polemarch William ‘‘Randy’’ Bates. 
Alpha Kappa Alpha sorority, founded 
in 1908 at Howard University, is a sis-terhood which proudly boasts of Con-gresswomen S
HEILA JACKSON LEE, 
EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON , T ERRI SE-
WELL , FREDERICA WILSON , ALMAADAMS , 
and B ONNIE WATSON COLEMAN ; astro-
naut Mae Jemison; the late Maya Angelou; the late civil rights leaders Rosa Parks and Coretta Scott King; and their honorable president, Dorothy Buckhanan Wilson. 
b1045 
Omega Psi Phi Fraternity, founded in 
1911 at Howard University, men who in-clude in their ranks Assistant House Democratic Leader J
AMES CLYBURN of 
South Carolina, Congressmen H ANK 
JOHNSON , and Kendrick Meek; NASA 
Administrator Charles Bolden; Hall of Fame Chicago Bulls star Michael Jor-dan; and Dr. Charles Drew, whose med-ical research in the field of blood trans-fusions led to the founding of the Blood Bank. They are led by the Honorable Grand Basileus Antonio F. Knox. 
Delta Sigma Theta, founded in 1913 
at Howard University, who count as sisters our next Attorney General, Lo-retta Lynch; Congresswomen M
ARCIA  
FUDGE , YVETTE CLARKE , JOYCE BEATTY , 
and B RENDA LAWRENCE ; the first Afri-can American woman elected to Con-
gress, Shirley Chisolm, one of my sheroes; former Secretary of Labor Alexis Herman; and their Honorable President Paulette C. Walker. Another special shout-out to my bonus daugh-ter, Michelle Mills, and my mentee, Miki Grace. 
Phi Beta Sigma, founded in 1914 at 
Howard University, the fraternity of my husband, Dr. Nathaniel Horn; civil rights pioneer and leader of the first Black labor union, the Brotherhood of Sleeping Car Porters, A. Philip Ran-dolph; civil rights icon Congressman J
OHN LEWIS; Dr. George Washington 
Carver; James Weldon Johnson, au-thor, politician, and songwriter, whose works include ‘‘Lift Every Voice and Sing,’’ the Black national anthem; Alain LeRoy Locke, the first Black Rhodes Scholar; and former President of the United States, William Jefferson Clinton. They are led by President Jon-athan A. Mason. 
Zeta Phi Beta, founded in 1920 at 
Howard University, a sisterhood that counts Congresswoman D
ONNA  
EDWARDS ; the late Congresswoman 
Julia Carson; author Zora Neale Hurston; Lillian Fishburne, the first African American to hold the rank of Rear Admiral in the U.S. Navy; and their honorable president, Mary Breaux Wright. 
Sigma Gamma Rho, my sorority, 
Congresswoman C
ORRINE BROWN of 
Florida, the late Lindy Boggs of Lou-isiana; Eugenia Charles, first female Prime Minister of Dominica—she was the first woman elected head of govern-ment in the Americas; the first African American winner of the Academy Awards, Hattie McDaniel; broadcast trailblazer founder of Radio One, Cathy Hughes; and our esteemed Grand Basileus Bonita Herring. 
Last, but certainly not least, Iota 
Phi Theta, whose brotherhood includes Congressman B
OBBY RUSH; Billy 
Ocasio, former alderman to Chicago’s 26th Ward and adviser to former Gov-ernor Pat Quinn; and Elvin Hayes, NBA player and NBA Hall of Fame Inductee. 
The brothers and sisters of the Di-
vine Nine have saved countless lives, advanced civil rights, and left a lasting legacy across our Nation. I thank the Divine Nine brothers and sisters for their groundbreaking contributions and for their commitment to molding future leaders, improving education, and the advancement of civil rights. 
f 
PRESERVING THE AMERICAN 
REPUBLIC 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ULBERSON ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Speaker, I be-
lieve this debate over the funding for the Department of Homeland Security represents a pivotal moment in the his-tory of the United States because it will, I think, determine whether or not we will continue to be a nation of laws and whether or not we will preserve the American Republic left to us by our 
Founders. 
I always remember that as Benjamin 
Franklin left the Constitutional Con-vention, a woman asked him: What kind of government have you given us, Dr. Franklin? And he said: A republic— if you can keep it. My hero and men-tor, Thomas Jefferson, always said that a government was republican only in proportion to the extent that it em-bodied the will of the people. 
This past November, the people of 
the United States decisively and over-whelmingly rejected the policies of Barack Obama and the Democrat Party. President Obama said: I am not on the ballot, but my policies are. And the country spoke decisively and with one voice from coast to coast and said: 
We are done. We want our elected of-
ficials to enforce the law. We want our borders secure. We want to ensure that America maintains its supremacy around the world. We want our Amer-ican economy to continue to grow. We want the government out of our lives, out of our way, out of our pocket, and off our backs. 
We have done this in Texas so suc-
cessfully over the years. Because of the strength and the diversity of our econ-omy in Texas, the economy in Texas has continued to grow, and the people of Texas have elected a Republican Governor, a Republican Lieutenant Governor, a Republican senate, and a Republican house, and they embody the will of the people of Texas. 
The minority party in Texas, the 
Democrats in the senate, continued to block the will of the people of Texas, and the new Lieutenant Governor, Dan Patrick, changed the rules because the people of Texas insisted they wanted to see a government that reflected their will, that would enforce the law, secure the border, and preserve peace and prosperity because we all understand that without law enforcement you can’t have good schools, safe streets, and a strong economy. This is just common sense. 
The people who live along the Rio 
Grande River understand better than anybody in Texas that if you don’t have a secure border and if you don’t enforce the law, then the streets aren’t safe, you can’t have good schools, and you can’t have a strong economy. La-redo is the largest inland port in the United States. They depend more than anyone else on a secure border, safe streets, and good schools. 
So the people of Texas decisively re-
jected the policies of Barack Obama and the Democratic Party, yet the Democrat minority in the senate con-tinued to block the will of the people so our Lieutenant Governor changed the rules. 
Mr. Speaker, I would call on Leader 
M
CCONNELL to reflect the will of the 
people of America and change the rules of the United States Senate just as we did in Texas. The people of America have spoken decisively. They rejected the policies of Barack Obama and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.007 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1173 February 26, 2015 
Democrat Party. They expect this Con-
gress to see that the law is enforced, that we respect the separation of pow-ers, and that laws are enacted by the people’s elected representatives. 
Change the rules, Mr. Leader, as we 
did in Texas, and make sure that no minority can block the will of the peo-ple. Make sure that our laws are en-forced, that the border is secure, and that no one person can enact laws with the stroke of a pen. Laws are enacted here in the people’s House in the Con-gress of the United States. The people of America voted overwhelmingly to reject the policies of Barack Obama. 
Mr. Speaker, it is time for the Con-
gress to embody the will of the Amer-ican people, enforce the law, and stop the policies of Barack Obama that the people just decisively rejected. Let’s follow the lead of Texas. Change the rules in the Senate, Mr. Leader. 
By the way, make the Democrat Sen-
ators stand up and filibuster. Let’s have a real filibuster. Make them stand up there for 18, 24, 34, 48 hours. Make them stand up there as long as it takes. If they are going to have a fili-buster, do it as we do in Texas. Enforce the law, follow the will of the Amer-ican people, and do what we were elect-ed to do—to preserve this great Amer-ican Republic handed down to us, this precious inheritance handed down to us by the Founding Fathers, and let’s honor the hope of Benjamin Franklin that we would preserve this great American Republic. 
f 
DHS SHUTDOWN 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. D
ELBENE) for 5 min-
utes. 
Ms. D ELBENE. Mr. Speaker, in my 
State of Washington, we are very fa-miliar with the vital role the Depart-ment of Homeland Security plays. Nearly 1 year ago, in a matter of sec-onds, 1 square mile of land slid into the Stillaguamish River near Oso, Wash-ington. 
That landslide was a heartbreaking 
disaster that was unbelievably dev-astating in the damage and the tragic loss of life that it caused. Forty-three people died in the blink of an eye. But FEMA, which is part of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security, was imme-diately on the scene to coordinate search-and-rescue operations. 
Mr. Speaker, Congress needs to do ev-
erything possible to ensure that re-sources are available to respond to dis-asters because landslides have no sea-son, earthquakes have no season, and terrorist attacks have no season. By failing to fund the Department of Homeland Security, the Congress risks the lives of Americans, and that is sim-ply unacceptable. 
Now, some have said that most em-
ployees will be deemed essential, mean-ing they will be asked to do their al-ready high pressure jobs of protecting our communities without pay. That will be the case for more than 6,000 
workers in my State. But FEMA Ad-ministrator Fugate said a lapse in funding would delay urgent disaster re-lief services because he would have to call staff back to work while the agen-cy responds to an emergency. 
Not only that, emergency responders 
who have requested Department of Homeland Security grants would be left without much-needed assistance. The Whatcom County Fire District 18, a mostly volunteer force that serves part of my district, applied for a $24,000 firefighters grant to replace vital equipment. This is equipment that pro-tects the lives of these volunteers who are saving the lives of others. But if Congress fails to fund the Department of Homeland Security, those grants are at risk. 
If House leadership would simply 
bring a clean DHS funding bill to the floor, we have the votes to pass it today. But instead, that legislation is being held hostage because some dis-agree with the President’s executive actions. 
Mr. Speaker, I helped introduce H.R. 
15, a comprehensive immigration re-form bill during the last Congress. But we never got a vote. If leadership agrees that this is such an important issue, so important that it is worth defunding an essential federal agency, then Congress should be working right now on comprehensive immigration re-form and consider legislation imme-diately—but after we finish our job of funding the Department of Homeland Security. We need to stop playing poli-tics and fund the Department of Home-land Security now. 
f 
DHS SHUTDOWN 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
RICE) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today, yet again, in sup-port of a clean Homeland Security funding bill. 
First, Mr. Speaker, however, I want 
to thank my colleague, P
ATRICK  
MCHENRY , for the tribute he gave a few 
moments ago to his predecessor in the 10th Congressional District of North Carolina, Cass Ballenger, who passed away last week. Cass Ballenger was a treasured colleague of mine. He and I came to the House together in the class of 1986. We worked together on a num-ber of matters, including teacher re-cruitment and disaster relief. Cass used his time here and the work of his foun-dation to reach out to some of the neediest people in the hemisphere, in Latin America, in addressing their health care needs. 
He came here after a successful busi-
ness career. He was a man of great goodwill, good humor. He was someone who was a great favorite on both sides of the aisle. So I am happy to join P
AT-
RICK MCHENRY and other colleagues in 
remembering Cass Ballenger fondly and paying tribute to his years of good 
citizenship and service. 
Now, at this moment, Mr. Speaker, 
we are 38 hours away from a Depart-ment of Homeland Security shutdown which will undermine many of the agency’s critical missions and force its essential employees to go without pay until the politics of all this are worked out. 
Front-line personnel at Customs and 
Border Protection, Immigration and Customs Enforcement, the Coast Guard, the Secret Service, the Trans-portation Security Administration, and other critical agencies are going to be left wondering how to pay their mortgages and how to feed their fami-lies instead of focusing on their critical missions. 
In North Carolina alone, Mr. Speak-
er, over 4,000 Homeland Security em-ployees are going to be furloughed or go without pay. 
House Republicans forced this unnec-
essary stalemate by including poison pill riders in the bill that our Home-land Security Subcommittee nego-tiated late last year. It was a bipar-tisan, bicameral negotiated bill. It is ready to be passed right this minute. It should have been passed in December along with the rest of the appropria-tions bills. Instead, Republicans held back Homeland Security, and they added riders designed to poke the President in the eye and to impose rad-ical anti-immigration policies on our country. 
Now, thankfully, Senate Republican 
leaders understand the potential con-sequences of a shutdown. They have re-sisted this Tea Party bait, and they have decided to take up a clean Home-land Security funding bill. So the Sen-ate must quickly pass that bill, and Speaker B
OEHNER must let us vote on 
that bill. 
Mr. Speaker, the American people 
didn’t send us to Washington to shut down critical functions of the United States Government on which all of our citizens depend. Pass a clean Homeland Security funding bill. 
f 
DHS SHUTDOWN 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Washington (Mr. K
ILMER ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to call on the House to fund the Department of Homeland Security and avoid an unnecessary shutdown. In-stead of having a real debate about fix-ing a broken immigration system, Con-gress is putting at risk government op-erations that serve the people we rep-resent and is playing politics with the livelihoods of our Federal workers. 
b1100 
Threatening to shut down a Federal 
agency because you disagree with the President’s actions is an irresponsible approach. We have got to move away from this kind of dysfunctional govern-ment and get back to legislating. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.008 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1174 February 26, 2015 
That is what the American people 
sent us here to do. This current fight is exhibit number one of why folks don’t think Congress works for them. The folks I represent want to see a govern-ment that is responsive, that provides needed services, and that supports eco-nomic growth. 
Mr. Speaker, folks in my region deal 
in reality. Earlier this year, residents and businesses in the cities of Aberdeen and Hoquiam and Grays Harbor Coun-ty, Washington, were swamped by heavy rains. Mudslides and flooding put people’s lives at risk and took a toll on neighborhoods that they call home. 
Local officials were looking for help, 
and they got it when the Homeland Se-curity Region 3 Incident Management Team came to town. This team worked with locals on the ground to execute the best recovery plan to get people back on their feet. 
Are we willing to tell workers like 
that, who lend a hand at a moment’s notice, to go without pay or take a fur-lough? Are we willing to tell commu-nities in need that when they call for help, there is no one there? 
Fourteen percent of the Depart-
ment’s workforce is facing furloughs. This isn’t an invisible workforce. These are staffers who administer grants to local governments. They are fire de-partments and emergency responders after devastating storms. 
These are the people who are helping 
the emergency teams that are on the ground in places like Hoquiam, Wash-ington. That staff won’t be able to process emergency requests, won’t be able to do their jobs because Congress isn’t doing its job. 
We should also consider the over 80 
percent of Homeland Security employ-ees who will stay on without pay. What kind of message are we sending mem-bers of our Coast Guard or our Border Patrol or the Department when we tell them to work without pay? Mortgage payment? Still got to pay it. Utility bills? Still do. Grocery bill? Still got to eat. But paycheck? Sorry. 
It is true. If the crew of a ship faced 
trouble in Washington State’s waters, the Coast Guard would still swing into action, but that crew wouldn’t get paid for their work, and some of their sup-port staff might not be back at head-quarters to help them. 
I have already heard from members 
of the Coast Guard, spouses of Depart-ment employees, and everyday citizens worried about how this will impact our communities and our national security because, in my home State of Wash-ington, there are over 6,000 Department workers and we have five Coast Guard stations alone in my region. 
Shutdowns like this have ripple ef-
fects into our local economies, too. When workers aren’t getting pay or their pay is delayed, sacrifices are made. Less money is spent at the gro-cery store. Friday night dinners out are stopped. Family vacations are can-celed or delayed. It impacts local restaurants, local 
hotels, and small businesses. We have seen this movie before. Businesses ev-erywhere took a hit when the cus-tomers they rely on aren’t sure when exactly their next paycheck will come. 
Finally, we don’t motivate our Fed-
eral workforce by engaging in these stunts. We are proud of our Federal workforce in my region. Too often, Congress does not let them know that what they do is important. Too often, they are a bargaining chip in a polit-ical fight. 
I came to Congress to give people 
confidence that their government was not broken, that it is staffed with workers dedicated to making a mean-ingful impact in their lives and in the lives of American citizens. 
We will not see qualified and moti-
vated folks join a workforce that faces continuous threats to the job they do every day when the message to our workers and to local businesses is that politics is more important than their paychecks. 
I want to end by mentioning, yester-
day, former Secretary of Homeland Se-curity Tom Ridge said that this shut-down was ‘‘wrong’’ and ‘‘folly.’’ 
He said: ‘‘These are soldiers at DHS. 
They wear a different uniform, but the goal and objective and mission is the same—keeping America as safe as pos-sible.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, let’s keep America safe, 
and let’s reject this shutdown. 
f 
STRENGTHENING STUDENT 
PROTECTION 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) for 5 
minutes. 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, last 
year alone, over 450 teachers or school employees across the Nation were ar-rested for misconduct with a child. That is more than one per day. What is 
more, the Department of Education has estimated that nearly 10 percent of stu-dents are targets of educator sexual misconduct sometime during their school career. 
Those numbers should be disturbing 
to every lawmaker, to every parent, and every grandparent in this body. In an effort to curb this alarming trend, I am proud that the Student Success Act under debate here today includes lan-guage from a bill that I introduced, the Jeremy Bell Act, to strengthen student protection efforts and get serious about who is being hired and transferred within our school system. 
The Jeremy Bell Act was named after 
a young boy from West Virginia who was drugged, sexually assaulted, and murdered by his elementary school principal—a man who had been sus-pected of sexual misconduct at pre-vious jobs but was allowed to quietly transfer from district to district, avoiding repercussions and without awareness from his new employers, a shameful act known as ‘‘passing the trash.’’ Language found within the Student 
Success Act will end the practice of ‘‘passing the trash’’ by blocking edu-cational agencies from receiving Fed-eral funds if they facilitate the transfer of an employee that they know or have probable cause to believe has engaged in sexual misconduct with a student. 
Furthermore, it ensures that the hir-
ing of all school employees will be compliant with current, extensive background check requirements. 
As the husband of an educator, I 
know the overwhelming majority of teachers, educators, school administra-tors, and support staff are amazing, caring individuals committed to the success of their students. 
It is as much to protect the good 
work that they do, as well as the safety for our children, that we must pass this legislation and take real steps to ad-dress this issue. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. 
Accordingly (at 11 o’clock and 6 min-
utes a.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1200 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER 
Reverend Bruce Miroglio, St. Helena 
Catholic Church, St. Helena, Cali-fornia, offered the following prayer: 
Good and gracious God, we ask Your 
blessing on this day You have provided for us. 
As we confront all the challenges 
that arise from the human condition, we ask Your blessing to allow us to use our intellect and free will to guide our human affairs and to seek the blessings of freedom, personal development, and prosperity for the common good. 
In Your goodness, bless the Members 
of our Nation’s House of Representa-tives. May all their deliberations and discussions be inspired by the vision of Your loving kindness and saving grace. 
May the work conducted here today 
bear rich fruit that nurtures all of the people of this Nation and their dreams for a better world and, thus, be for Your greater honor and glory. 
All of this we ask in Your most holy 
name. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-
ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.011 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1175 February 26, 2015 
Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, pursu-
ant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
The SPEAKER. The question is on 
the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I ob-
ject to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. 
The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8, 
rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
The point of no quorum is considered 
withdrawn. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman 
from Rhode Island (Mr. C ICILLINE ) 
come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. CICILLINE led the Pledge of Al-
legiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
WELCOMING REVEREND BRUCE 
MIROGLIO 
The SPEAKER. Without objection, 
the gentleman from California (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) is recognized for 1 minute. 
There was no objection. Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to pay special recognition to our guest chaplain, Dea-con Bruce Miroglio. 
Deacon Miroglio serves in The St. 
Helena Catholic Church, my church in my hometown. It is where I was bap-tized, received my First Communion, was confirmed, and where Jan and I re-newed our wedding vows. 
I was born, grew up, and still live in 
our community, in the community that the deacon serves, so I know per-sonally how deeply he cares for our community and how much he and our church have given back to our town. 
Growing up, Bruce didn’t know if he 
wanted to be a priest or a lawyer, so he took the sage advice of ‘‘when you have a choice between two great things, take them both.’’ 
In both careers, he has embodied self-
lessness, compassion, and quiet gen-erosity. He has guided people through challenging times, comforted them in times of grief, always pursued right-eousness, and has never wavered in his devotion to bettering the lives of oth-ers. 
St. Helena is blessed to have him 
today; and today, we, in the House, are equally as blessed. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
YODER ). The Chair will entertain up to 15 further requests for 1-minute speech-
es on each side of the aisle. 
f 
THE SO-CALLED STUDENT 
SUCCESS ACT 
(Mr. GIBSON asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. GIBSON. Mr. Speaker, tomorrow, 
I will be voting against H.R. 589, the so-called Student Success Act. Al-though there are some positive reforms regarding empowerment of local schools that my constituents support in the bill, major problems with the bill remain. 
For example, sadly, we have done 
nothing to roll back the onerous high- stakes testing regime that has led to a ‘‘teaching to the test’’ culture in our schools, and I want my parents, teach-ers, administrators, and students to know that I am listening and taking action. 
I offered a bipartisan amendment to 
roll back to pre-No Child Left Behind levels testing requirements. Essen-tially, it would have cut Federal test-ing requirements in half that we hope would have been a catalyst for States to cut their tests as well, but for the second straight year, that amendment has been ruled out of order, despite the fact that this is so important to the American people. 
The fight continues. As this bill 
moves to the Senate, we have allies there that are interested in empower-ment and properly resourcing schools, and I look forward to working with them to get in the bill that the Amer-ican people will support and we can enact. 
f 
FUNDING FOR THE DEPARTMENT 
OF HOMELAND SECURITY 
(Mr. CICILLINE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I can’t 
believe we are actually here. In just 48 hours, the Department of Homeland Security will shut down. In this day and age, with so many threats facing Americans and the rest of the civilized world, how can our colleagues even contemplate allowing the Department of Homeland Security to shut down? 
In just the past couple of months, we 
have seen terrorist attacks in Denmark and Paris and, just yesterday, arrests in New York of individuals charged with supporting foreign terrorist orga-nizations. 
The failure to fund the Department 
of Homeland Security will put Amer-ican lives at risk—and all to try to prove a political point. 
Tying legislation against the Presi-
dent’s executive order on immigration to the essential funding that pays the hardworking men and women, the ex-traordinary professionals that keep us safe, is reckless and irresponsible. 
Mr. Speaker, take up a clean DHS 
funding bill that will pass both Cham-bers and be signed by the President im-
mediately, and let’s get back to the work many of us came here to do: strengthening our middle class, grow-ing paychecks, and creating jobs. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean Department of Homeland Se-curity funding bill that will keep the Department open so it can carry out its mission of keeping the American people safe. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
guidelines consistently issued by suc-cessive Speakers, as recorded in sec-tion 956 of the House Rules and Man-ual, the Chair is constrained not to en-tertain the request unless it has been cleared by the bipartisan floor and committee leaderships. 
f 
REMEMBERING THE 23RD ANNI-
VERSARY OF THE KHOJALY TRAGEDY 
(Mr. ZINKE asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. ZINKE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to re-
member the 23rd anniversary of the Khojaly tragedy, which took place on February 25–26, 1992. 
On this evening, 23 years ago, it was 
the site of a cowardly massacre of 613 unarmed Azerbaijani citizens, which included 106 women, 63 children, and 70 elderly. Despite the attempts to mini-mize this tragedy, I stand in memory with the Azerbaijani Caucus to remem-ber the loss. 
The United States and Azerbaijan 
share a bipartisan and a strong rela-tionship. As a former commander in the Navy SEALs, I know firsthand the importance of Azerbaijan’s commit-ment. 
Aside from deploying troops and 
equipment to Afghanistan, over one- third of nonlethal aid that was used by our troops in Afghanistan flowed through Azerbaijan. 
President Kennedy once said that 
America would pay any price and bear any burden in the defense of liberty. I am proud that Azerbaijan and America share the same commitment to free-dom and liberty. 
It is important today that we take 
this moment to join our Azerbaijani al-lies in liberty in recognizing the Khojaly tragedy. 
f 
SUMGAIT POGROMS 
(Ms. JUDY CHU of California asked 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. 
Speaker, 27 years ago, as the lines of the Soviet Union were fading, the peo-ple of Nagorno-Karabakh were united in a call for a say in their own futures and greater independence from Azer-baijan. This peaceful movement for self-determination and freedom was followed by premeditated and govern-ment-sponsored attacks. 
Over the next 2 years, the Armenian 
population in the territory of Artsakh 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.014 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1176 February 26, 2015 
was repeatedly victim to brutal and ra-
cially-motivated pogroms, darkly reminiscent of the days of the Arme-nian genocide. Hundreds were mur-dered, thousands were displaced, and the Armenian community, both in Artsakh and in exile, continues to bear the scars from the brutal attacks in Sumgait, Kirovabad, and Baku. 
When the people of Nagorno- 
Karabakh officially declared independ-ence on December 10, 1991, they were met with full-scale war lasting until 1994. Even today, the people of Nagorno-Karabakh are still forced to live under constant cease-fire viola-tions by Azerbaijan. 
As we commemorate the somber an-
niversary marking the struggle of the Nagorno-Karabakh people, we wish for the peaceful resolution of this conflict 
and hope that its citizens will be free to determine their own future. 
f 
REMEMBERING MIDDLE EAST BE-
LIEVERS KILLED FOR THEIR FAITH 
(Mr. HULTGREN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, in the 
past few weeks, the Islamic State has targeted religious minorities through-out the Middle East, including the Yazidis in Iraq and the 21 Coptic Chris-tians executed in Libya. 
This week, ISIS has abducted more 
than 200 Assyrian Christians. We pray earnestly for their release and for com-fort for their families. 
These murderers want us to tremble 
at their physical brutality, but an even more sinister violence is at work, a sustained and strategic campaign against religious freedom. This is the God-given freedom to hold any belief— or none at all—without coercion or re-prisal. 
Global attention is and should be 
transfixed on those killed for their faith in the Middle East; yet more than three-quarters of the world’s popu-lation lives under regimes that restrict belief. 
Our Nation’s first freedom is not and 
should not be bound by geography or nation. We must defend religious free-dom at all times and in all places, or this violent cycle will continue. 
f 
FUND THE DEPARTMENT OF 
HOMELAND SECURITY 
(Mr. SCHIFF asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
join my colleagues in urging the GOP leadership to advance legislation that will keep the American people safe by continuing to fund the Department of Homeland Security. 
Just yesterday, with the arrest of 
three suspects in New York City plan-ning to assist terror groups or join ISIS, we see the continuing imperative of a vibrant homeland security effort. In a matter of hours, funding for the 
Department will expire, thereby forc-ing thousands of essential employees to put their lives on the line without pay. State and local law enforcement oper-ations will be among the hardest hit if we allow funding to lapse. 
By bringing a clean spending bill to 
the floor, we have the power to prevent the dangerous partial shutdown of the government. Our Nation’s security is at stake here, and another day of inac-tion by this Congress is unacceptable. Let’s vote on a clean spending bill today. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean Department of Homeland Se-curity funding bill that would keep the Department open so it can carry out the mission of keeping the American people safe. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
T
ROTT ). As the Chair previously ad-
vised, that request cannot be enter-tained absent appropriate clearance. 
f 
HONORING RENE GAGNON ON THE 
70TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE BAT-TLE OF IWO JIMA 
(Mr. GUINTA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the courage and sac-rifice demonstrated by our marines, specifically Corporal Rene Gagnon, a Granite Stater, during the Battle of Iwo Jima. 
Gagnon was selected and participated 
in what is arguably the most cele-brated American flag raising in our Na-tion’s history. 
Immortalized by AP photographer 
Joe Rosenthal, six U.S. Marines, in-cluding Corporal Gagnon, raised the colors above Mount Suribachi on the fifth day of the month-long battle for Iwo Jima. 
Born to immigrants from Quebec, 
Gagnon grew up in Manchester, New Hampshire, and left in 1943 after being drafted. He elected to join the United States Marine Corps. 
As part of Operation Detachment, a 
total of 92,000 men, 70,000 Americans, and 22,000 Japanese, fought to secure Iwo Jima, a tiny island controlled by the Japanese that was no larger than one-third the size of Manhattan. 
As we commemorate the 70th anni-
versary of Iwo Jima, let us take a mo-ment to honor Corporal Gagnon and the rest of our Nation’s Greatest Gen-eration who fought bravely to secure and preserve our Nation’s democracy during World War II. 
f 
b1215 
PULLMAN NATIONAL MONUMENT 
(Ms. KELLY of Illinois asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to celebrate the history and legacy of the Pullman community of 
Chicago. 
Last week, President Obama des-
ignated Pullman as a national monu-ment, ensuring that Pullman’s herit-age as an industrial innovator and labor leader lives on. 
Pullman played a vital role in our 
Nation’s labor and civil rights move-ments. It is the birthplace of the Brotherhood of Sleeping Car Porters, our Nation’s first Black labor union, and it was a major battleground in the national fight for fair wages and safe working conditions. 
I thank the countless dedicated peo-
ple who worked with me and before me to make this designation possible. Pullman National Monument will pre-serve Pullman’s legacy and ensure that the community will continue to thrive for generations to come. 
f 
FCC EXPANDING AUTHORITY OVER 
INTERNET 
(Mr. YODER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in opposition to this administra-tion’s continued policy of governing from behind closed doors and using the executive branch to take more freedom away from the American people. 
Today the Federal Communications 
Commission will vote for an unprece-dented expansion of its authority over the Internet, without providing any public discourse on the details of the proposal. 
What we do know about this govern-
ment invasion into the Internet is deeply troubling. The Internet has been a source of great creativity, invest-ment, and economic growth, an area of freedom, where innovation has flour-ished and entrepreneurs, startups, and anyone with an idea has opportunity. 
What is Washington’s answer to this 
booming marketplace? Government control and regulation. 
One of the Commissioners has re-
ferred to it as ‘‘a solution that won’t work to a problem that doesn’t exist.’’ This is deeply troubling. 
I know of no industry that has be-
come more vibrant, more free, or led to more innovation after a government takeover. Allowing the FCC to des-ignate the Internet a regulated utility will increase taxes and allow govern-ment to decide pricing, cost, content, or anything else. This is the camel’s nose under the tent. 
The FCC should release its proposals 
and allow the American people back behind its closed doors. 
f 
DHS SHUTDOWN 
(Mr. PALLONE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, there 
are just 2 days left until the Depart-ment of Homeland Security shuts 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.015 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1177 February 26, 2015 
down. The Department charged with 
keeping Americans safe is set to run out of funding tomorrow all because Republicans in Congress insist on man-ufacturing political crises instead of working to help hardworking Ameri-cans get ahead. 
A shutdown would mean that those 
charged every day with protecting our safety would all be expected to report for duty without any promise of a pay-check. In my home State of New Jer-sey, that would mean that over 4,000 Department of Homeland Security em-ployees, including nearly 1,600 Active Duty Coast Guard members, would go to work without any pay. 
Payments to help Sandy victims re-
cover would also not be able to be proc-essed in the event of a shutdown. Those families have already suffered enough. They don’t need a Republican shut-down making things even more dif-ficult. 
Ensuring the safety of the American 
people should never be a partisan issue. And now is the time to come together and do what is right to protect all of our families. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean Department of Homeland Se-curity funding bill that would keep the Department open so it can carry out its mission of keeping the American people safe. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. As the 
Chair previously advised, that request cannot be entertained absent appro-priate clearance. 
f 
THE HELPING FAMILIES IN 
MENTAL HEALTH CRISIS ACT 
(Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania asked 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, this morning, Connecticut 
Senator C
HRIS MURPHY and I outlined a 
vision for real bipartisan mental health reform. Our legislation will have some differences but also many similarities. 
Both will fix the shortage of psy-
chiatric beds; get more mental health workers, such as psychiatrists, psy-chologists, and social workers to help; integrate physical and mental health care; fix the rule which says severely mentally ill patients on Medicaid can’t see two doctors on the same day; and better coordinate the staggering 112 Federal agencies that deal with severe mental illness. 
My bill, the Helping Families in Men-
tal Health Crisis Act, will also allow treatment before tragedy. During the trial of the former marine who killed Iraq war veteran Chris Kyle, the moth-er of the defendant begged VA doctors to keep her son in psychiatric treat-ment just days before he shot and killed the decorated sharpshooter. 
The reality is the system doesn’t re-
spond until after a crisis has occurred, because the only way to get treatment is if the individual is imminently hom-icidal or suicidal. We have to fix those problems. We 
must correct HIPAA so families can help their loved ones get well. We must act now before another 40,000 die by suicide, before thousands more end up in jail, homeless, or victims of crime, and before more families suffer. 
I invite Democrats and Republicans 
to join me as I reintroduce the Helping Families in Mental Health Crisis Act. 
f 
DHS SHUTDOWN 
(Mr. HIMES asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. HIMES. Mr. Speaker, I have the 
privilege of serving on the House Intel-ligence Committee. And just yesterday, in a hearing entitled ‘‘Worldwide Threats,’’ I sat with the Chiefs of our Intelligence Services to learn about those worldwide threats. The meeting was classified, but the summary is this: there are people out there who would count it a smashing success to reap death and destruction on the home-land. 
Yet my Republican friends have engi-
neered a situation where, in 2 days, the Department of Homeland Security will shut down. It is not because they don’t have an alternative to get in the way of the President’s immigration initia-tive. A judge in Texas ruled with them. Now, I think that judge is going to be overturned, but a judge ruled with them. Yet they are going to shut down the Department of Homeland Security. 
I don’t understand that, but I have 
got two questions: 
If we shut down DHS and, heaven for-
bid, there is a natural disaster that de-stroys a community in Oklahoma or Connecticut, what are we—what are you going to tell the American people? 
If, heaven forbid, one of those people 
who wishes this Nation ill succeeds and the Department of Homeland Security is shut down, what will we—what will you tell the American people? 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO CAMILLE JAYNE 
AND COMMUNITY HOUSE 
(Mr. TROTT asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. TROTT. Mr. Speaker, I come to 
the floor today to pay tribute to Camille Jayne, the chair of the board of The Community House in Bir-mingham, Michigan. The Community House is a 92-year-old nonprofit organi-zation with a mission to impact the lives of those it serves through edu-cation and outreach experiences. 
When The Community House was 
badly in need of a major overhaul, it hired Camille Jayne in 2012. Camille is a strategic business, planning, mar-keting, and operations expert who brought over 30 years of experience to The Community House. Camille’s im-pact has been tremendous. 
In 2011, The Community House had 
an operating loss, but through Camille’s leadership, she was able to 
turn things around and put The Com-munity House back on a strong fiscal foundation. Her efforts to rebrand, re-market, and retool every business unit were instrumental in the turnaround. 
The Community House is a corner-
stone of the Birmingham community. Over 210,000 youth, adults, seniors, and business professionals take advantage of The Community House classes, lec-tures, and programs each year. All this is accomplished with a small staff of less than 40 people, which is augmented by 700 part-time staff, teachers, and volunteers. 
Under Camille’s leadership, there is 
no doubt The Community House will continue to survive and serve south-east Michigan, and I believe the best is yet to come. It is my honor to pay trib-ute today to Camille James’ accom-plishments and the great work that continues at the Birmingham Commu-nity House. 
f 
JERSEY CITY, NEW JERSEY: MOST 
DIVERSE CITY IN AMERICA 
(Mr. SIRES asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. SIRES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to acknowledge Jersey City, New Jer-sey, on its diversity and economic growth. In the shadows of the Statue of Liberty, Jersey City is the second larg-est city in New Jersey and was re-cently named the country’s most di-verse city. 
Jersey City’s history as a city of im-
migrants has contributed to its current economic boom. In the late 19th and early 20th century, an influx of immi-grants from Europe flocked to Jersey City to achieve the American Dream. Increasingly, immigrants have now been arriving from South America, Asia, Africa, and the Middle East seek-ing the same American Dream and finding it in Jersey City. 
Immigrants to the city have long 
contributed to the economy by opening small businesses and joining the job market. Just in the past year, Jersey City has seen an upgrade in its credit rating, a continued decline in unem-ployment, and an ever-increasing sky-line. As further proof of Jersey City’s diversity, over half of the residents speak a language other than English at home, and the city council is com-prised with a wide array of individuals from different ethnic backgrounds. 
Jersey City is a true American melt-
ing pot, and I applaud Mayor Steve Fulop and the residents of Jersey City on its continued progress. 
f 
ALYSSA FERGUSON’S WELL 
(Mr. OLSON asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
share a story with the American peo-ple, a story of courage, love, and faith. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.017 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1178 February 26, 2015 
It is a story of one of my bosses back 
home, a young lady, Alyssa Ferguson. 
In sixth grade, Alyssa was told that 
she had cancer and that the cancer 
would likely take her young life. She was approached by the Sugar Land Make-a-Wish Foundation; but instead of wishing to meet a famous person and turning inward, Alyssa turned outward. Her wish was to have a water well built in rural Africa for people in need. 
Last year, Alyssa’s wish was granted; 
the well was dug. And this year, Alyssa’s 29 rounds of chemotherapy and 30 days of radiation treatment will pay off as she goes to Africa and sips water out of her well. 
I want to thank Alyssa for showing 
all of us that love and faith overcome all. 
May God bless Alyssa Ferguson. 
f 
DHS SHUTDOWN 
(Ms. MENG asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. MENG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
urge my colleagues to pass a Depart-ment of Homeland Security funding bill without political strings attached. 
This funding is especially relevant to 
us New Yorkers who, unfortunately, understand too well the consequences of terrorism. Just yesterday, three ISIS supporters were arrested in Brooklyn for their plans to travel abroad to join the terrorist group. Without adequate Homeland Security funding, we might not have caught these terrorists. 
The Department of Homeland Secu-
rity not only protects our borders and airports in ways we experience daily, but also works inconspicuously to guard our community by providing grants and training for law enforce-ment, transportation, and even local nonprofits. 
Currently, DHS is unable to allocate 
these hundreds of millions of dollars in grants that directly assist our commu-nities and basic infrastructure. These address the unique planning, training, organization, and exercise needs of high-threat urban areas, like New York City. 
It is reckless to use Homeland Secu-
rity funding as a bargaining chip. A mere political disagreement is no ex-cuse to risk an attack on American lives. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean DHS funding bill that would keep the Department open so it can carry out its mission of keeping the American people safe. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
Y
ODER ). As the Chair previously ad-
vised, that request cannot be enter-tained absent appropriate clearance. 
f 
NATIONAL FAIRYTALE DAY 
(Mr. FARENTHOLD asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, 
today is national fairytale day, and my office has been having some fun with it on Twitter. I got together with the staff, and we came up with some hashtag liberal fairytales: ‘‘If you like your health insurance, you can keep it.’’ ‘‘Benghazi was caused by a YouTube video.’’ 
But the biggest one seems to be hap-
pening right now. It is a liberal fairy-tale that House Republicans want to shut down the Department of Home-land Security. Weeks ago, we passed a bill fully funding it. It is the Demo-crats in the Senate who have refused to take up that bill and debate it and vote for closure that are going to close the Department of Homeland Security. 
So on national fairytale day, we have 
got a whopper of a fairytale from the liberals. The fact that the Republicans want to shut down DHS is nothing but a hashtag liberal fairytale. 
f 
DHS SHUTDOWN 
(Mr. NORCROSS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Speaker, I am 
here today to have a brief conversa-tion. I spent the last 2 hours in the Committee on Armed Services, where General Keane was talking about send-ing the right message to our enemies, that America has to stand together as one. 
So as we talk about the threats in 
Armed Services, we are 48 hours from shutting down Homeland Security. Let’s say that again: 48 hours from shutting down the security at our air-ports, at our train stations, at our ports. 
This is unthinkable. I am usually not the guy that says 
‘‘the sky is falling,’’ but unless we do this in 48 hours, we are sending a mes-sage to our enemies: it is open season in America. 
We can’t send that message. Please, I am asking my colleagues 
here in the House and certainly on the other side of the aisle to have a full and open debate on this issue. Let’s take the vote. Let’s get this done. Let’s pass the Homeland Security bill. 
f 
b1230 
PENNSYLVANIA’S OIL AND 
NATURAL GAS PRODUCTION 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, Pennsylvania is the third- largest natural gas producer in the Na-tion and continues to drive record- breaking oil and natural gas produc-tion. According to new data released by the Pennsylvania Department of Envi-ronmental Protection, last year shale gas production jumped 30 percent in Pennsylvania’s Marcellus shale for a total of 4 trillion cubic feet, which is 
roughly 16 percent of what the United States consumes on an annual basis. 
Mr. Speaker, communities in Penn-
sylvania’s Fifth Congressional District have benefited greatly from the tech-nological and the safety advancements that make natural gas readily avail-able, and these benefits are not just limited to shale-producing areas. 
Families and businesses all across 
the country are seeing the rewards of shale gas energy produced by hydraulic fracturing. American households are enjoying increases in disposable in-comes due to lower costs for energy and energy-intensive products. Mr. Speaker, this success has been made possible due to regulations adminis-tered at the State level, not by adding the bureaucracy of the Federal Govern-ment. 
As cochair of the bipartisan Congres-
sional Natural Gas Caucus, I will con-tinue to explore and promote best prac-tices so that we can highlight the safe-ty and positive economic impacts of natural gas. 
f 
DHS SHUTDOWN 
(Ms. TITUS asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, the day 
after the election, Speaker B
OEHNER  
and Senator M CCONNELL outlined an 
agenda for the so-called New American Congress, pledging to focus on the peo-ple’s priorities. Well, they have obvi-ously failed to deliver on this promise, instead allowing anti-immigrant, rightwing radicals to trump the safety of American families. 
Mr. Speaker, recent events around 
the world provide a stark reminder of the threats we face. Yet amid the ris-ing risks of terrorist attack, Repub-licans are holding critical Homeland Security funding hostage in a mis-guided attempt to undermine and roll back key protections for immigrant families. 
To quote The Washington Post: 
The fervor of Republic partisanship is im-
mune to logic beyond an insistence on vic-tory at any cost. 
In this case, the cost is some 1,500 
DHS personnel in Nevada who would be furloughed or forced to work without pay and nearly $10 million in grant funding that Nevada counts on to pro-tect the safety of our citizens and the over 40 million visitors who come to Las Vegas every year. Only 2 days re-main until DHS shuts down. I call on Republicans: Stop holding it hostage and let’s get to work. 
f 
FREEDOM RIDERS 
(Mr. ROTHFUS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, from 
time to time in our history, people 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.018 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1179 February 26, 2015 
have stepped forward to call this Na-
tion to something greater. Today as we continue to celebrate Black History Month, I want to recognize three inspi-rational women from my district in Pennsylvania: Dorothy James, Ruby Golding, and Mary Wilson. In the 1960s they traveled down South to fight ra-cial injustice and to join the struggle for equal rights. 
Ruby Golding recalls what inspired 
her to join the Freedom Riders. She re-members segregated movie theaters and not being allowed to try on shoes at the local store in town. She remem-bers the March on Washington and hearing Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King talk about a dream he had, a dream that one day his children would not be judged by the color of their skin but by the content of their character. 
Ms. Golding said everyone was 
shocked by the size of the crowd that day and how peaceful it was. She said it was like being in one big family of all colors joining together to bring a better day to America. 
Today let’s recognize the legacy of 
Ms. James, Ms. Golding, and Ms. Wil-son, and all those who joined the civil rights movement, for we have a freer nation because they had the courage to take a stand. 
f 
DHS SHUTDOWN 
(Mr. COSTA asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, we have 
less than 2 days—2 days—to fund the Department of Homeland Security be-
fore they run out of money. It is a dan-gerous world we live in. We know that. The tragic events recently in Paris and Copenhagen and, most recently, the ar-rests of three alleged terrorists yester-day in New York demonstrate that Americans are at risk from a terrorist attack every day. The Senate finally realized that funding Homeland Secu-rity is more important than jeopard-izing the safety of our country. 
Mr. Speaker, if you need Democratic 
support to pass a clean—clean—Depart-ment of Homeland Security funding bill, you have my vote, and you have the overwhelming votes of the major-ity of Democrats. 
Congress should be focusing on pro-
tecting our families. Our constitu-tional oath that we take when we are sworn into office every 2 years requires us to first ‘‘support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies foreign and domes-tic.’’ 
Let us not put Americans at risk be-
cause of partisan politics. It is not only irresponsible, it is immoral. Let us do the job that we were sent here to do. 
f 
MILITARY SEXUAL TRAUMA 
(Mr. RUIZ asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, I am an 
original cosponsor of H.R. 642, a bill that would help the men and women in our armed services who are victims of sexual assault get access to the care that they need. 
Sexual assault is not acceptable any-
where in our society. It is not some-thing many people like to talk about, but it is a very real problem. According to the Department of Defense, 20,000 servicemembers said they had experi-enced at least one incident of unwanted sexual contact in 2014. 
In my time as an emergency medi-
cine physician, I have seen the deep, longstanding, and brutal psychological trauma that results from sexual as-sault, and I know how critical it is that victims receive the treatment they need and perpetrators are brought to justice. 
Mr. Speaker, this bill takes much- 
needed steps to ensure that treatment options are more accessible for our vet-erans who were victims of sexual as-sault by helping to pay for travel ex-penses for those who need to seek care outside of the VA system. 
Mr. Speaker, this is a medical need 
and a moral imperative. I urge all my colleagues to support H.R. 642 and en-sure servicemembers who are victims of sexual trauma receive the care they need. 
f 
DHS SHUTDOWN 
(Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-
fornia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-
fornia. Mr. Speaker, last week Speaker B
OEHNER stated that the Republicans 
were certainly prepared to shut down the Department of Homeland Secu-rity—a shutdown that would force thousands of TSA, Customs, Border Pa-trol, and Secret Service agents to work without pay. 
Now, Mr. Speaker, I am going to tell 
you, I come back and forth every week from Orange County, California. I usu-ally go up to Los Angeles, to LAX. I was talking to my TSA guys as I went through the line, taking off my shoes. They said: Really, Ms. S
ANCHEZ , are 
they really going to do that to us? Are they really going to put our security at stake—America’s security at stake? I said: They have done it before, and they are going to do it again. 
I believe that it is time to pass a 
clean Homeland Security bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean Department of Homeland Se-curity funding bill that would keep the Department open so it can carry out its mission of keeping America and Americans safe. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. As the 
Chair previously advised, that request cannot be entertained absent appro-priate clearance. RURAL HOSPITALS 
(Ms. GRAHAM asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. GRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, today I 
rise to bring attention to rural hos-pitals and the important service they provide to communities across north Florida. 
Last week I had the honor of touring 
Doctors Memorial Hospital in Bonifay, Florida. I was so inspired by the hard work of the doctors, nurses, adminis-trators, and volunteers who treat pa-tients who otherwise would have to drive hours for care. 
Mr. Speaker, these hospitals are pro-
viding outstanding care but face unique new challenges from govern-ment regulation. In Congress, we need to make sure rural hospitals are not overburdened by regulation that can cause more harm than good at smaller facilities. 
Rural hospitals are vital to north 
Florida, and I am ready to work with Democrats and Republicans to make sure that we protect them. 
f 
LOOMING DHS SHUTDOWN 
(Mr. DOGGETT asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, with 
only hours remaining before Depart-ment of Homeland Security funding is terminated, and following a 98–2 Senate vote to restore some sanity here and proceed with consideration of that funding, House Republicans are still 
engaged in what amounts to a family feud among Republicans that threatens all American families. American shop-ping malls on heightened alert, arrest of ISIS suspects, and growing global crises—all of them are apparently not enough to spur these House Repub-licans into action. 
Mr. Speaker, House inaction is not 
vigilance. Your fear of immigrants and your disdain for President Obama ought not to come between us and a se-cure nation. Our enemies are watching. So are the front-line DHS employees and law enforcement operations who could lose. It is long past time to ap-prove the dollars that we need to se-cure our American families and secure our homeland. It ought to be the top priority. There is no reason why Home-land Security should be the only De-partment in the entire Federal Govern-ment that is not fully funded. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, February 26, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
The Speaker, House of Representatives, Wash-
ington, DC. 
DEAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in Clause 2(h) of rule II of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.019 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1180 February 26, 2015 
the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-
tives, the Clerk received the following mes-
sage from the Secretary of the Senate on February 26, 2015 at 11:35 a.m.: 
Appointments: Senate National Security Working Group 
for the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress. 
Congressional Award Board. Board of Trustees of the John F. Kennedy 
Center for the Performing Arts. 
Congressional-Executive Commission on 
the People’s Republic of China. 
With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR FURTHER CONSID-
ERATION OF H.R. 5, STUDENT SUCCESS ACT 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, by direction 
of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 125 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 125 
Resolved, That at any time after adoption 
of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for further consideration of the bill (H.R. 5) to support State and local accountability for public education, protect State and local au-thority, inform parents of the performance of their children’s schools, and for other pur-poses. No further general debate shall be in order. In lieu of the amendment in the na-ture of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Education and the Workforce now printed in the bill, an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114-8, modified by the amendment printed in part A of the re-port of the Committee on Rules accom-panying this resolution, shall be considered as adopted in the House and in the Com-mittee of the Whole. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as the original bill for the purpose of further amendment under the five-minute rule and shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. No fur-ther amendment to the bill, as amended, shall be in order except those printed in part B of the report of the Committee on Rules. Each such further amendment shall be con-sidered only in the order printed in the re-port, may be offered only by a Member des-ignated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time speci-fied in the report equally divided and con-trolled by the proponent and an opponent, may be withdrawn by its proponent at any time before action thereon, shall not be sub-ject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such further amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill, as amended, to the House with such further amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as or-dered on the bill, as amended, and any fur-ther amendment thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one mo-tion to recommit with or without instruc-tions. 
b1245 
POINT OF ORDER  
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I make a 
point of order against consideration of the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman may state his point of order. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I make a 
point of order against House Resolu-tion 125 because the resolution violates section 426(a) of the Congressional Budget Act. Section 426 of the Budget Act states that the Rules Committee may not waive the point of order pre-scribed by section 425 of that same act. House Resolution 125 states: ‘‘All points of order against such further amendments are waived.’’ The resolu-tion, in waiving all points of order, waives section 425 of the Congressional Budget Act, therefore causing a viola-tion of 426(a). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Colorado makes a point of order that the resolution violates sec-tion 426(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. 
The gentleman has met the threshold 
burden under the rule, and the gen-tleman from Colorado and a Member opposed each will control 10 minutes of debate on the question of consider-ation. Following debate, the Chair will put the question of consideration as the statutory means of disposing of the point of order. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Colorado. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, this point 
of order revolves around this entire bill being an unfunded mandate for the States; but, frankly, Mr. Speaker, this is about the work of this body and the work of this country. 
Rarely in my time in Congress has 
this body proven itself as detached and reckless as we do today. We are just over 24 hours away from an automatic shutdown of one of our Nation’s great-est defense systems to keep the Amer-ican people safe, and this body—one of only two bodies with the authority to prevent that shutdown—has no plan. 
President Obama made a suggestion 
last year that we treat families hu-manely, that we retain the best and brightest of each new generation, we welcome those willing to fight for their citizenship, just as we welcomed my great-grandfather and yours. He did that because this body failed to move forward on a profamily, pro-America agenda. 
These are not novel concepts. We 
stand on a Nation settled, built, and grown by immigrants. When the Presi-dent acted to give immigrants across this country hope, consistent with ac-tions taken by prior Presidents, he acted to uphold not only the law, but one of our greatest American tradi-tions. 
Yet, touting a fundamentally 
antifamily and un-American agenda, Republican House leadership has made endless attempts to prevent the Presi-dent’s lawful action from taking place. With each repeated attempt to override our constitutional checks and bal-ances, House Republicans are playing games with our time and taxpayer money and, right now, frankly, playing games with our national security. Time has kept this body from focus-
ing on real issues facing our Nation. The security of our Nation should not be sacrificed for a political agenda, nor can the livelihoods of those who put themselves on the line as our first re-sponders and to protect American soil. 
A failure to fund DHS would block 
critical assistance from reaching snow-storms and wildfires. It could mean a delay in FEMA funding to rebuild com-munities after disasters like the floods that affected my hometown of Boulder and nearby towns of Loveland and Longmont. It could impede air and ground travel safety and mean with-holding of pay from already over-worked TSA and CBP workers. 
Mr. Speaker, the Senate has come to 
an agreement, by a vote of 98–2, on con-sideration of a clean DHS funding bill. I am a cosponsor of a similar bill in the House. The bill extracts politics from the conversation about immigration in exchange for the interests of the Amer-
ican people. 
It removes the irrelevant policy rid-
ers that undermine the lawful author-ity of the President of the United States and, instead, focuses on keeping the Department of Homeland Security open through the end of the fiscal year. 
Mr. Speaker, this House has the op-
portunity to bring forward a clean DHS funding bill. We can always continue with Republican political stunts after we secure the safety of the American people. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman 
from Illinois (Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ ). 
Mr. GUTIE ´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I 
would like to, first of all, thank the gentleman for raising the point of order. 
Keeping American families safe is 
the first responsibility of Congress, but Republicans have decided that appeas-ing the anti-immigrant Tea Party ex-tremists is more important than pro-tecting our homeland. 
Just consider one moment—every 
House Democrat cosponsoring clean legislation to fund DHS. It is clear, therefore, that there are sufficient votes to pass a bill immediately and keep DHS funded and open. However, House Republicans continue to block consideration of a clean bill—a clean bill—DHS bill and sustain their latest manufactured crisis—because this is a manufactured crisis. 
Think about it one moment. Three— 
not one—three former DHS Secre-taries—Secretary Ridge, Bush; Sec-retary Chertoff, Bush; and Secretary Napolitano, Obama—sent a letter to Senators M
CCONNELL and R EIDcalling 
for a clean DHS funding bill. That is Chertoff, Ridge, and Napolitano, all said—former heads of DHS, two Repub-licans and one Democrat: 
It is imperative that we ensure that DHS is 
ready, willing, and able to protect the Amer-ican people. To that end, we urge you not to risk funding for the operations that protect every American and to pass a clean DHS funding bill. 
I think it is preposterous that Repub-
licans can even suggest a lapse in DHS 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.004 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1181 February 26, 2015 
funding, dealing a blow to men and 
women in charge with protecting our homeland at a time when such vigi-lance is of the utmost necessity. 
Do we need to bring up the three 
jihadists in New York City and Brook-lyn and the continuing threats that the head of the FBI tells us exist in every State of the Union and this is a time when we are discussing that we are not going to fund the men and women on the front line at the Department of Homeland Security protecting our Na-tion? 
This is no time for political trickery 
and manufactured crisis. This is a time to put America first, the safety of American citizens first, and politics and partisanship should be at the bot-tom rung of any consideration, but that is not what we are doing. 
I think it is disrespectful to those 
who work at DHS, at TSA, at the Coast Guard, at the Border Patrol, ICE, and other agencies—a complete disregard to American people who trust us to govern responsibly. For what? To at-tack the President. 
Remember what I said this morning. 
Holding hostage the security of our homeland will not force the President of the United States to deport every noncitizen in our country. Republicans want to make a priority deportation, but that is not going to make our coun-try safer. 
I find it a bit ironic that it seems to 
me that the basic reason we are not going to fund a clean DHS—which we had, we had a clean, agreed to by both sides in the House and the Senate, we were ready to go, until the Republicans woke up one day, all angry because the President went and issued an executive order. They said: We have got to go get those immigrants, so let’s put at risk the funding of DHS. 
That was in order to stop a program 
that would allow about 4 million par-ents of American citizen children—4 million parents of American citizen children—go through a background check, get right with the law and about 1 million DREAMers, that is young people who are in this country and came here as children. 
So that is why you are holding it up. 
Guess what, the only thing that is holding it up is the preposterous deci-sion by a Federal judge, which you went and handpicked—you went shop-ping: Let’s get a judge that is going to agree with us ahead of time, and then let’s declare it a victory. 
Well, that decision is being appealed. 
If I were your side of the aisle, I would just declare victory and say, Okay, we 
have a judicial process that is going on, it is going to be dealt with in the courtroom, and, in the meantime, we are going to protect the American peo-ple—because, in the end, when this is all said and done, if you shut down DHS, you do not stop the processing of the documentation for undocumented workers and for DREAMers. You don’t stop it. 
Why? Because not a cent of DHS 
funding comes from here. Do you know where it comes from? From the appli-
cation fee that they pay. So there will be money to pay those workers within the context, but you are not going to pay a Coast Guard member? 
Mr. POLIS. Reclaiming my time, I 
think what you are saying is if the Re-publicans shut down the Department of Homeland Security, the only thing the Department will be able to do is to process the paperwork for undocu-mented immigrants, and they won’t be able to fulfill their functions keeping our Nation safe. 
I yield to the gentleman from Illi-
nois. 
Mr. GUTIE ´RREZ. Absolutely. In 
other words, we are going to put at risk the safety of our Nation while, at the same time, the 5 million that they call ‘‘illegal’’ are getting legalized be-cause—how is it that you finance that? Through their contributions and the money that they have to spend in the application fee. 
So you don’t reach the purpose. You 
have put in jeopardy the safety of our Nation in order to punish a group of people you can’t punish. You can’t pun-ish them because they are paying for it. 
American citizens, while you are 
waiting for your visa, while you are waiting for your citizenship applica-tion, while you are waiting for that, guess what, the Republicans have de-cided you need to wait while the 5 mil-lion that the President said he wants to legalize continue to get processed. 
It is absurd what is going on here. We 
are putting at jeopardy the American people. You don’t think the Border Pa-trol is an essential protection to the Nation? I don’t know how you can say that on that side of the aisle because every other word is: Secure the border, secure the border, secure the border. 
But when it comes to securing the 
border, you say: Let’s not fund it. We are not going to fund securing the bor-der today. We are simply going to let it lapse and say to those Border Patrol agents, Do you know what? Why don’t you show up and secure the border, but we are not going to give you enough money to pay your mortgage, we are not going to give you enough money in order to pay your groceries or pay your heating bill. We are not going to pay you for securing the border because we think we need to punish President Obama and all of those who would think that we might need to reprioritize how it is. 
Lastly, I want to say to the gen-
tleman from Colorado, in the end—in the end—there are 5 million American citizens—children—who are going to remember this day, 5 million American citizen children who are going to re-member this. 
Do you know how they are going to 
remember it? They are going to re-member their moms and their dads who were undocumented—these Americans, 5 million of them—and eventually, they are going to reach 18 years of age, and they are going to vote. When they go vote, do you know 
what they are going to remember with their first vote? Who treated their par-ents so cruelly and so miserably. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back 
the balance of my time. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I claim the 
time in opposition to the point of order and in favor of consideration of the res-olution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman from North Carolina is rec-ognized for 10 minutes. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I like my 
colleagues on the other side of the aisle, but saying that we are politi-cizing some issues is a little bit just stretching the issue, it seems to me. 
The question before the House is: 
Should the House now consider H. Res. 125? This has nothing to do with UMRA. CBO estimates that H.R. 5 con-tains no intergovernmental or private sector mandates as defined in the Un-funded Mandates Reform Act, or UMRA. This is a dilatory tactic and, I might add, a bit of a political tactic, which is what we are accused of. 
As the gentleman from Colorado is 
aware, we are currently waiting on a bill from the Senate. We currently have a rule before us that provides for consideration of over 40 amendments, including two from the gentleman from Colorado, to an important education bill. There is no reason to prevent con-sideration of this rule while we wait for the Senate to do its work. 
In order to allow the House to con-
tinue its scheduled business for the day, I urge Members to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the question of consideration of the resolution. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time 
for debate has expired. 
The question is, Will the House now 
consider the resolution? 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, on that I 
demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This 
will be a 15-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 224, nays 167, not voting 41, as follows: 
[Roll No. 91] 
YEAS—224 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan 
Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) 
Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.024 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1182 February 26, 2015 
Foxx 
Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gibbs Gibson 
Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Loudermilk Love 
Lucas Lummis MacArthur Marchant 
Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) 
Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rouzer Royce 
Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schock Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—167 
Adams Aguilar Bass Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette 
Delaney DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick 
Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern Meeks Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis 
Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff 
Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko 
Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—41 
Ashford Beatty Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Ca´rdenas 
Chaffetz Cramer Crenshaw DeLauro Doggett Ellison Fortenberry Foster Garrett 
Grayson Himes Hinojosa Hudson Hurt (VA) Jackson Lee Johnson (GA) Kelly (PA) Larson (CT) Lee Long Luetkemeyer Maloney, Sean McNerney 
Meadows Perry Peterson Roe (TN) Roskam Rothfus Sewell (AL) Speier Walberg Waters, Maxine Young (IN) Zinke 
b1320 
Mr. VELA changed his vote from 
‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Messrs. BURGESS, ROKITA, and 
NUGENT changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the question of consideration was 
decided in the affirmative. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated for: Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, on 
rollcall No. 91 I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 91 
I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 
91 I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, 
on rollcall No. 91 I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 
91 I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I was 
not present for rollcall vote No. 91, a recorded vote on the question of consideration of H. Res. 125—the rule providing for further con-sideration of H.R. 5—Student Success Act (unfunded mandates point of order). Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, unfortunately 
on February 26, 2015, I missed rollcall vote No. 91, On Question of Consideration of the Resolution, because I was in a meeting with Administration officials on behalf of my con-stituents. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ 
Mr. HIMES. Mr. Speaker, on February 26, 
2015, I was unable to be present for rollcall vote 91, On Question of Consideration of the Resolution, H. Res. 125. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ I respectfully re-quest that this be noted in today’s C
ONGRES -
SIONAL RECORD . 
Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, 
on February 26, 2015—I was not present for rollcall vote 91. If I had been present for this vote, I would have voted: ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, on February 
26th, I missed one recorded vote. I would like to indicate how I would have voted had I been present. On rollcall No. 91, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-
ably detained and so I missed rollcall vote No. 91 regarding the ‘‘On Question of Consider-ation of the Resolution’’ (Providing for further consideration of H.R. 5, the Student Success Act, H. Res 125). Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C
OL-
LINS of New York). The gentlewoman 
from North Carolina is recognized for 1 hour. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, for the pur-
pose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS), pending 
which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-
mous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from North Carolina? 
There was no objection. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, House Reso-
lution 125 provides for a structured rule providing for the consideration of a number of amendments to H.R. 5, the Student Success Act. 
My colleagues on the House Edu-
cation and the Workforce Committee and I have been working to reauthorize the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act. Our efforts in reauthoriza-tion have centered on four principles: reducing the Federal footprint in edu-cation, empowering parents, sup-porting effective teachers, and restor-ing local control. 
H.R. 5, the Student Success Act, en-
sures that local communities have the flexibility needed to meet the needs of their students. This legislation reau-thorizes the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, also known as ESEA, for 5 years while making commonsense changes to update the law and address some of the concerns raised following the last reauthorization. 
Despite good intentions, there is 
widespread agreement that the current law is no longer effectively serving stu-dents. Instead of working with Con-gress to reauthorize ESEA, the Obama administration began offering States temporary waivers in 2011 to exempt them from onerous requirements in ex-
change for new Federal mandates from the Department of Education. These waivers are a short-term fix to a long- term problem and leave States and dis-tricts with uncertainty about whether they will again be subject to the failing law and if the administration will change the requirements necessary to receive a waiver. 
It is time to give students, parents, 
teachers, and school districts the cer-tainty to make decisions and the flexi-bility to make the best decisions for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.002 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1183 February 26, 2015 
their communities. H.R. 5 is a step in 
the right direction and will provide this certainty and flexibility. 
Since Republicans returned to the 
majority in the House in 2011, we have held 20 hearings on the reauthorization of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act. The committee considered five reauthorization bills in four mark-ups in the 112th Congress in addition to a markup and a favorable reporting of H.R. 5 in 2013 and again this month. 
I am pleased to work with my col-
leagues on the Rules Committee to re-port rules for floor debate and the con-sideration of legislation that promotes transparency and participation. In this case, I think we will have a terrific op-portunity to further improve the bill through the amendment process. Forty-four amendments are made in order by this rule, including over 20 Democratic amendments and nine bi-partisan amendments. The House will have the opportunity to work its will. I urge my colleagues to support this rule and the underlying bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
If Congress doesn’t act, the Depart-
ment of Homeland Security will shut down in 2 days. Republicans are play-ing a very dangerous game with our Nation’s security. Today, I am giving the House a fourth chance to have a straight up or down vote on a clean DHS funding bill. 
If we defeat the previous question, I 
will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up H.R. 861, which will fund the Department of Homeland Security through the end of fiscal year 2015 without any poison pill provisions. We need to put an end to this stalemate and take immediate action to keep our country safe. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-
sent to insert the text of the amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-
neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Colorado? 
There was no objection. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield to 
the gentleman from California (Mr. A
GUILAR ) for the purpose of a unani-
mous consent request. 
Mr. AGUILAR. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean Depart-ment of Homeland Security funding bill that would keep the Department open so that it can carry out its mis-sion of keeping the American people safe. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair would advise that all time has been yielded for the purpose of debate only. 
Does the gentlewoman from North 
Carolina yield for the purpose of this unanimous consent request? 
Ms. FOXX. I do not. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman from North Carolina does not yield. Therefore, the unanimous 
consent request cannot be entertained. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield to 
the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. T
ORRES ) for the purpose of a unani-
mous consent request. 
Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean Depart-ment of Homeland Security funding bill that would keep the Department open so that it can carry out its mis-sion of keeping the American people safe. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the 
gentlewoman from North Carolina yield for the purpose of this unanimous consent request? 
Ms. FOXX. I do not. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman from North Carolina does not yield. Therefore, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield to 
the gentlewoman from California (Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD ) for the purpose of a 
unanimous consent request. 
b1330 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Speaker, 
I, too, ask unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean De-partment of Homeland Security fund-ing bill that would keep the Depart-ment open so it can carry out its mis-sion of keeping the American people safe. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the 
gentlewoman from North Carolina yield for the purpose of this unanimous consent request? 
Ms. FOXX. I do not yield. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman from North Carolina does not yield. Therefore, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I would like 
to reiterate my earlier statement that all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. I do not yield for any other purpose and will not yield for any other purpose. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield to 
the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. C
APPS ) for the purpose of a unanimous 
consent request. 
Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
my colleague for yielding, and I ask unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 681, the clean Depart-ment of Homeland Security funding bill that would keep the Department open so it can carry out its mission of keeping the American people safe. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair understands that the gentle-woman from North Carolina has not yielded for that purpose. Therefore, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield to 
the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. F
RANKEL ) for the purpose of a unani-
mous consent request. 
Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speak-
er, I ask unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean De-partment of Homeland Security fund-ing bill that would keep the Depart-
ment open so it can carry out its mis-sion of keeping the American people safe. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair understands that the gentle-woman from North Carolina has not yielded for that purpose. Therefore, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, with barely 
24 hours remaining, I yield to the gen-tleman from Colorado (Mr. P
ERL-
MUTTER ) for the purpose of a unani-
mous consent request. 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean Depart-ment of Homeland Security funding bill that would keep the Department open so it can carry out its mission of keeping Americans safe. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair understands that the gentle-woman from North Carolina has not yielded for that purpose. Therefore, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, with barely 
24 hours left before the expiration of funding for the Department of Home-land Security, I yield to my colleague from Michigan (Mr. K
ILDEE ) for a very 
important unanimous consent request. 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean Depart-ment of Homeland Security funding bill that would keep the Department open so it can carry out its mission of keeping the American people safe. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair understands that the gentle-woman from North Carolina has not yielded for that purpose. Therefore, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield to 
the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
L 
GREEN ) for the purpose of a unanimous 
consent request. 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-
er, I ask unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean De-partment of Homeland Security fund-ing bill that will keep the Department open so that it can carry out its mis-sion of keeping the American people safe. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. As pre-
viously announced, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield to 
the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY ) for the purpose 
of a unanimous consent request. 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 861, a clean Department of Homeland Security funding bill that will keep the Department open so that it is able to protect the American people. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. As pre-
viously announced, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, with barely 
more than 24 hours remaining before 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.027 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1184 February 26, 2015 
the shutdown of the Department of 
Homeland Security, I yield to my col-league from New York (Mr. T
ONKO ) for 
the purpose of a very important unani-mous consent request. 
Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-
imous consent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean Department of Homeland Security funding bill that would keep the Department open so that it can carry out its mission of keeping the American people safe. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. As pre-
viously announced, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield to 
the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. C
ASTOR ) for the purpose of a unani-
mous consent request. 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I ask unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean De-partment of Homeland Security fund-ing bill that would keep the Depart-ment open so it can carry out its mis-sion of keeping the American people safe. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. As pre-
viously announced, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, my col-
league from California (Ms. J
UDYCHU) 
has a solution to the funding impasse at DHS, and I yield to her for the pur-pose of a unanimous consent request. 
Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean Department of Homeland Security funding bill that would keep the De-partment open so it can carry out the mission of keeping the American peo-ple safe. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. As pre-
viously announced, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield to 
the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. D
INGELL ) for the purpose of a unani-
mous consent request. 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean Depart-ment of Homeland Security funding bill that would keep the Department open so it can carry out its mission of keeping Americans safe. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. As pre-
viously announced, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield to 
the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. K
AP-
TUR), who is an appropriator herself, 
for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 861. Let’s protect the American people. The clean Depart-ment of Homeland Security funding bill should be brought before the House so we can keep it open and carry out its mission of keeping the American people safe. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. As pre-
viously announced, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield to 
the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. C
LARK ) for the purpose of a unani-
mous consent request. 
Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean Department of Homeland Security funding bill that would keep the De-partment open so it can carry out its mission of keeping the American peo-ple safe and administering disaster re-lief. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. As pre-
viously announced, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield to 
the gentlewoman from Ohio (Mrs. B
EATTY ), who has a solution to the 
funding impasse at DHS, for the pur-pose of a unanimous consent request. 
Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean Depart-ment of Homeland Security funding bill that would keep the Department open so it can carry out not only its mission, but it can also keep the Amer-ican people safe. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. As pre-
viously announced, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, with barely 
more than 24 hours left before the clo-sure of the Department of Homeland Security, I yield to the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ) for the 
purpose of a unanimous consent re-quest. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean Depart-ment of Homeland Security funding bill that would keep the Department open so it can carry out its mission of keeping the American people safe. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. As pre-
viously announced, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield to 
the gentleman from California (Mr. H
UFFMAN ) for the purpose of a unani-
mous consent request. 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 861, a clean Department of Homeland Security funding bill that would keep the Department open so it can carry out its important mission of keeping the American people safe. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. As pre-
viously announced, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield to 
the gentleman from California (Mr. T
EDLIEU), who has a solution to the 
funding impasse at the Department of Homeland Security, for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. 
Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean Department of Homeland Security funding bill that would keep the De-partment open so it can carry out its critical mission of keeping the Amer-ican people safe. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. As pre-
viously announced, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield to 
the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) for the purpose of a 
unanimous consent request. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
am pleading and asking unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean Department of Homeland Security funding bill that, in this cli-mate of terrorism, would keep the De-partment open so that it can carry out its mission of keeping the American people safe. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. As pre-
viously announced, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, with just 
over 24 hours remaining before the De-partment of Homeland Security shuts down, I yield to the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY ), who has a 
solution to this impasse. 
Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean Depart-ment of Homeland Security funding bill that would keep the Department open so it can carry out its mission of keeping the American people safe. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. As pre-
viously announced, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield to 
the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS) for the purpose of a 
unanimous consent request. 
Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean Department of Homeland Security funding bill that would keep the De-partment open so it can carry out its mission of keeping the American peo-ple safe. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. As pre-
viously announced, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield to 
the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. D
AVIS) for the purpose of a unanimous 
consent request. 
Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speak-
er, I ask unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean De-partment of Homeland Security fund-ing bill that would keep the Depart-ment open so it can carry out the mis-sion of keeping the American people safe. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. As pre-
viously announced, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, with just 
over 24 hours remaining before the De-partment of Homeland Security shuts down, I yield to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. C
LARKE ) for a unani-
mous consent request to address this funding impasse. 
Ms. CLARKE of New York. I thank 
the gentleman from Colorado for yield-ing. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean Department of Homeland Se-curity funding bill that would keep the Department open so it can carry out its mission of keeping the American people safe. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.028 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1185 February 26, 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. As pre-
viously announced, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, the terri-
tories are also affected by a lapse in Homeland Security. Fortunately, Ms. P
LASKETT is here with a solution. I 
yield to the gentlewoman from the U.S. Virgin Islands (Ms. P
LASKETT ) for the 
purpose of a unanimous consent re-quest. 
Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean Depart-ment of Homeland Security funding bill that will keep the Department open so it can carry out its critical mission of keeping the American peo-ple safe. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. As pre-
viously announced, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield to 
the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. L
EWIS) for the purpose of a unanimous 
consent request. 
Mr. LEWIS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-
imous consent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean Department of Homeland Security funding bill that will keep the Department open so it can carry out its mission of keeping the American people safe. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. As pre-
viously announced, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, in just over 
24 hours the Department of Homeland Security will run out of funding. For-tunately, I have a colleague who has a solution to this impasse. I yield to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. B
ROWN ) 
for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
House of Representatives, I ask unani-mous consent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean Department of Homeland Security funding bill that would keep the Department open and carry out its mission—and the number one mission of the United States Con-gress is to protect the American peo-ple. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. As pre-
viously announced, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield to 
the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
ANGEVIN ) for the purpose of a unani-
mous consent request. 
Mr. LANGEVIN. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean Department of Homeland Se-curity funding bill that would keep the Department open so that it can carry out its mission of keeping the Amer-ican people safe. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. As pre-
viously announced, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, with barely 
more than 24 hours remaining before the Department of Homeland Security shuts down, my colleague has an idea that he would like to propose to ad-dress that. I yield to the gentleman 
from California (Mr. C
A´RDENAS ) for the 
purpose of a unanimous consent re-quest. 
Mr. CA ´RDENAS. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that the House bring up H.R. 861, the clean Depart-ment of Homeland Security funding bill that would keep the Department open so it can carry out its mission of keeping the American people safe. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. As pre-
viously announced, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, a lot of my 
colleagues have made unanimous con-sent requests. I, too, would like to make a unanimous consent request, and I yield to myself for that purpose. 
I ask unanimous consent that the 
House bring up H.R. 861, the clean De-partment of Homeland Security fund-ing bill that would ensure that Border Patrol agents, TSA screeners, Coast Guard members, and Secret Service agents would continue to be paid for protecting the American people. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. As pre-
viously announced, the unanimous con-sent request cannot be entertained. 
b1345 
PARLIAMENTARY INQUIRIES  
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, parliamen-
tary inquiry. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman will state his parliamentary in-quiry. 
Mr. POLIS. How many cosponsors 
does H.R. 861, the Department of Home-land Security funding bill, currently have? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman may consult the records of the House for that information. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, upon fur-
ther parliamentary inquiry, how many of H.R. 861’s cosponsors are Repub-lican? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman may consult the records of the House for that information. 
Mr. POLIS. The records of the House 
that I have indicate that there are 192 Members of the House that are cospon-sors of funding the Department of Homeland Security, and my records further indicate that zero are Repub-lican. 
Point of parliamentary inquiry, do 
your records agree with mine? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair does not have that information. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, further par-
liamentary inquiry. Since we are 2 days away from the Department of Homeland Security shutting down, compromising the ability of the Border Patrol, the TSA, and the Coast Guard, who does have the authority to call up H.R. 861, the Department of Homeland Security funding bill? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair will not issue an advisory opin-ion. 
Mr. POLIS. Well, Mr. Speaker, we 
have seen a number of colleagues try to bring it up. I have tried to bring it up. I hope that the Chair will advise who-
ever has the ability to bring it up to bring it up. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the 
gentleman yield to himself for debate? 
Mr. POLIS. I yield to myself for the 
purpose of a unanimous consent re-quest. 
I ask unanimous consent to amend 
H.R. 125 to include language allowing for the House to debate and have an up- or-down vote on H.R. 861, the Homeland Security funding bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the 
gentlewoman from North Carolina yield for the purpose of this unanimous consent request? 
Ms. FOXX. I do not. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman from North Carolina does not yield. Therefore, the unanimous consent request cannot be entertained. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Well, it looks like we are going to 
talk about education. Now, that is a very important topic. I agree with my colleague, Dr. Foxx, and I am glad that none of the time that we have been try-ing to fund the Department of Home-land Security has in any way detracted from this important debate. 
I think the point that has been made 
is that here we are, barely more than 24 hours from compromising the secu-rity of our country. Yes, of course, the education debate is critical; but couldn’t we take a moment to approve one of those unanimous consent re-quests? 
Probably in the time it took to hold 
them all, we probably could have had a vote on the bill which would have passed and actually prevented a shut-down of the Department of Homeland Security. 
Again, we are here to talk about the 
rule under which H.R. 5, the bill that 
reauthorizes ESEA, will be considered under. Now, this effort and this bill— and ESEA is very near and dear to my heart and my career experience. 
Throughout my career, Mr. Speaker, 
I have had the opportunity and been blessed to have been involved with edu-cation policy and on the ground in a number of different ways and levels. 
I served as chairman of the Colorado 
State Board of Education. I launched a network of public charter schools for English language learners. I cofounded a charter school for homeless youth and youth in transitional housing. 
I have sat for several years on the 
House Education and Workforce Com-mittee. My district is home to Colo-rado’s two flagship universities, CU Boulder and CSU in Fort Collins. On a more personal level, my son C.J. is ap-proaching the age where he is going to begin school this fall. 
What I am saying, Mr. Speaker, is 
that, throughout my career, education has always been my top priority be-cause I have personally seen the dif-ference that it can make in people’s lives, from early childhood education and quality preschool and kinder-garten, all the way through adult edu-cation programs to help make sure 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.029 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1186 February 26, 2015 
that adults have the ability to have 
good jobs in a changing workforce. 
Almost every day, one of my con-
stituents contacts my office about edu-cation. Just last week, I met with sev-eral principals to talk about the need for good, professional development in schools. 
Last week, I heard from a parent 
that is concerned about the culture of overtesting in her son’s school. Just yesterday, a constituent of mine told me about her own upbringing and suc-cess in Colorado schools. 
Today, we are considering H.R. 5, the 
Student Success Act. This bill would reauthorize the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education—by the way, Mr. Speaker, if you can’t handle the gavel, I will be happy to take it myself. 
Put more simply, this bill is about 
the Federal role in education policy. Now, there are a lot of problems with No Child Left Behind. I think that is something we hear from our colleagues on both sides of the aisle, something that all of us have heard in our con-stituencies, from families, from teach-ers, from School board members, pent- up frustrations at the lack of change in almost 15 years of a policy that had several failings that we knew about right away—whether it is the flawed and superficial mechanism of AYP, or Adequate Yearly Progress, whether it is the frustrating paperwork and bu-reaucracy that it puts sometimes ahead of education. 
This is a very important piece of leg-
islation, and it should be treated seri-ously. Unfortunately, this House hasn’t 
held a single hearing on education be-fore moving forward with this bill. The Chamber and the committee haven’t held any hearings on this important legislation. When asked, the chairman, Chairman K
LINE, said that: Well, the 
committee held hearings before in sev-eral other years. 
But this is a different Congress. 
There are new Members. Our own com-mittee has new members who have never gotten to witness a single hear-ing on education before moving through with an incredibly important piece of legislation. 
I will be part of this debate in the 
coming hours if this rule passes regard-ing the amendments around this bill, the content of the bill itself. As my north star, what I look for in a success-ful reauthorization of ESEA and re-placing No Child Left Behind with the Federal education law that makes sense is really threefold. 
Number one, we must get account-
ability right; number two, we must ex-
pand and replicate what works in pub-lic education; and, number 3, we must change what doesn’t work in public education. 
Let’s talk about getting account-
ability right. Unfortunately, this bill falls short in this regard. It has an enormous loophole that threatens to drive underground and remove the ac-countability for kids with disabilities. 
That is why this bill is opposed by a 
number of groups that represent chil-dren with disabilities, special edu-
cation teachers, and all those who are concerned about how the 12 or 13 per-cent of children in our schools that re-ceive special education services suc-ceed. 
What mechanism is that loophole? 
Well, here is what it is. There is a num-ber in ESEA, No Child Left Behind, 1 percent. That is a cap on the number of kids that are allowed to be given an al-ternative assessment. 
Now, clearly, there will be some kids 
that can’t have an ordinary assess-ment, some of the most severe-needs special education kids. It doesn’t even matter that much what that number is, as long as it is reasonable, whether it is half a percent or 1
1⁄2percent, wheth-
er it is three-quarters of a percent or even 2 percent. What is important is that it is uniform and it reasonably ap-proaches the kids that are unable to take the test. 
What this bill does is it removes that 
cap altogether. It says States can ad-minister alternative assessments that are not included in the mainstream ac-countability program to whomever they want—meaning a State that might not be teaching or serving kids with special needs could simply say: All kids receiving special education services and IDA services, all 12 per-cent of our district or our State, will take this other assessment that will not be incorporated in the mainstream accountability. 
That is what the special-needs com-
munity fears, and it is a very reason-able fear because, look, we are elected officials, Mr. Speaker. I think some of our friends and perhaps people who are not our friends have become Governors of other States. Former Members of this body have become Governors. 
Guess what, Governors aren’t too dif-
ferent than people in this body. They like to look good. They like to look like they are successful. They don’t want to create a dataset that shows that they are failing kids. 
It is much easier to dumb down the 
standards and exempt children from the testing, and that is the second part of accountability that this bill gets wrong. It allows for a dumbing down of the standards. 
One of the great steps that No Child 
Left Behind and the President built upon with his Race to the Top initia-tive is that States need to have college and career-ready standards. 
There is a mechanism in place to 
make sure that those standards are certified by institutions of higher edu-cation within a State, meaning that if you graduate a high school with a di-ploma, you ought to have the academic skills needed to succeed in college. If not, what does a high school diploma even mean? 
Unfortunately, what this bill does is 
it takes out that backstop of college and career-ready standards, as certified by the public institutions of higher education in the State, allowing an-other glaring loophole for States to de-fine success downward to make them-
selves look better. 
Now, let’s talk about replicating and 
expanding what works. On that ac-count, this bill does somewhat better. Now, I wish it included our innovations in education amendment which we of-fered in committee and, again, on the floor that, unfortunately, was not al-lowed. It is a very highly leveraged way to invest in high-promise pro-grams that work. 
It does have some excellent language 
around replicating and expanding suc-cessful public charters schools, as well as several amendments that would strengthen and build upon that lan-guage as well. 
Finally, with regard to what doesn’t 
work in education and changing it, this bill also falls short. We need to invest in real change in schools that aren’t working. 
One thing that this bill guts are the 
teeth behind the turnaround models in turning around our low performing schools. There is no guarantee that these investments would be data driven or that they would work to ensure that some of our most persistently low per-forming schools would improve and allow children a chance to succeed. 
Now that this bill might be coming 
to the floor, Members should at least have the opportunity to amend and im-prove the bill. 
Now, in our Rules Committee meet-
ing yesterday, I supported an open rule for amendment to H.R. 5. Frankly, there was a lot of bad amendments of-fered to this bill that were blocked. There were also a lot of good amend-ments that were blocked. 
Now, there were 44 amendments that 
are allowed to be considered under this bill, and I am grateful that two of the five amendments that I offered will be voted on here today as well, as well as the Democratic substitute that our committee ranking member, Mr. S
COTT, put forward as supported by the 
Democrats on our committee. 
Mr. S COTT’s substitute ensures that 
the spirit of the ESEA, as Federal civil rights legislation, is maintained and built upon. 
One of the amendments that I will be 
talking about later would encourage charter schools to work closely with public schools to collaborate and share best practices, tying into the second principle of ESEA reauthorization: ex-pand and replicate what works in pub-lic education. 
Another one of my amendments 
would allow States to use funds for the creation and distribution of open source textbooks, resulting in signifi-cant cost savings for the States. It is simply an allowable use and can save many districts and charter schools money. 
In addition, I want to highlight an-
other few amendments that were very important that will be allowed under this bill. 
Representative S
USAN DAVIS’ amend-
ment would amend the definition of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.031 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1187 February 26, 2015 
school leader and ensure that prin-
cipals are receiving the full amount of professional development as the funds are available to them. 
Mr. C
ASTRO ’s amendment seeks to 
improve the college and career readi-ness of homeless youth. 
These are just a few of the amend-
ments from my Democratic colleagues that I look forward to supporting today. 
Now, although these amendments 
were in order, there were also several positive suggestions that would have been improvements to the bill but, un-fortunately, won’t be coming to the floor under this rule. 
For instance, an important amend-
ment by Representative L
ANGEVIN  
would have required States to have col-lege and career-ready standards, ad-dressing that glaring loophole in the base Republican bill. Unfortunately, 
that amendment wasn’t brought to the floor. 
Another example is a colleague of 
mine presented an idea which is on the tips of many of our tongues—and, frankly, I would have liked to have seen defeated on the floor of the House, but it wasn’t even allowed a vote. 
Representative S
ALMON offered an 
amendment that would completely eliminate Federal testing. Now, I think it would have been great for this Con-gress, Democrats and Republicans, to defeat that amendment and make a powerful statement that we believe in accountability. 
Yes, we believe that where taxpayer 
money goes, taxpayers deserve trans-parency and accountability. Unfortu-nately, we won’t have the opportunity to make that statement. 
A number of other amendments that 
would have improved the bill or would have provided an opportunity for Mem-bers of this body to do their work have, unfortunately, been prevented under this rule. 
I look forward to discussing the mer-
its of the rule and the merits of the bill. I have a number of colleagues who have joined us on the floor to join us in this discussion as well, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
I was going to remark on the fact 
that our colleague from Colorado has given us some levity, but it has been so long since the levity occurred, I am not sure anybody would remember it. 
However, I do think it is important 
to point out that our colleagues on the other side of the aisle continually tell us how our legislation falls short of the ideal that they would like to see. 
I would like to remind our colleagues 
that, for 2 years, the Democrats were in control of the House and the Senate. Two years, they had the House and the Senate and the White House. 
If they had been so interested in re-
authorizing this legislation and lots of other legislation that they criticize us about, they should have brought that ideal legislation forward at that time and passed it. b1400 
I would also like to point out, despite 
what our colleague says about no hear-ings on this bill, that since we returned to the majority in the House in 2011, we have held 20 hearings on the reauthor-ization of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act. The committee considered five reauthorization bills in four markups in the 112th Congress, in addition to a markup and the favorably reporting of H.R. 5 in 2013 and again this month. 
With that, Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to my colleague from Georgia (Mr. A
LLEN ). 
Mr. ALLEN. I thank the gentle-
woman from North Carolina for yield-ing me the time. 
Mr. Speaker, we all agree that every 
child deserves the absolute best edu-cation, but that is really not what is at issue for those who oppose the Student Success Act. What is at issue is how that should be accomplished: Is the Federal Government better at ensuring that our children receive the proper education or do we do a better job at the local level? 
I will tell you my experience with 
education. My father served on the Board of Education and then served in the administration of one of the fastest growing school districts in my district. My mother was also a schoolteacher. So I learned a lot about what works in education at the kitchen table every night. 
Now, I can tell you this. As far as my 
experience is concerned, the Federal Government does not know what is best for our schools. In fact, I was in our district last week, and what I learned is that the compliance require-ments required by the Federal Govern-ment for our teachers is actually not allowing our teachers the time to teach what these young people need to learn. 
What we need in our school systems 
is innovation. That is not driven at the Federal level. 
When I was in my district last week, 
I visited three elementary schools and a couple of high schools. What I learned was, at the local level, real in-novation. We saw students that were excited, that wanted to be at school. I would like to tell you about another school. And these schools were in the most impoverished areas of our dis-trict. 
One is a school there in my district 
that folks attend because they are told in the public school that they won’t make it, that they don’t have what it takes to make it in the public school. Let me tell you how innovative this school is, and it does not receive one Federal dollar. The graduates of this school and middle school are recruited to some of the best magnet, charter, and private schools in our area when they finish. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
D
UNCAN of Tennessee). The time of the 
gentleman has expired. 
Ms. FOXX. I yield the gentleman an 
additional minute. Mr. ALLEN. Thank you. 
Like I said, this school produces 
through innovation and teaching tech-niques. It changes the cycle. 
What would happen to these children 
in the public school system under the guidance of the Federal Government for the last 50 years? Aren’t they worth saving? 
Parents, teachers, and local edu-
cation leaders need control over edu-cation, not the Federal Government. They are best suited to nurture student success in our schools. H.R. 5 does just that. It restores local control. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. D
OGGETT ). 
Mr. DOGGETT. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, 50 years ago, in the Cen-
tral Texas one-room schoolhouse where he had studied, President Lyndon B. Johnson first signed this Federal aid to education act into law. Through its first title, this law addresses inequality in educational opportunity. Title I has played a vital role in helping schools so that economically disadvantaged stu-dents can work their way into the mid-dle class. 
Today, the same reactionary forces 
that first opposed President Johnson want to undermine this important civil rights law. Today’s bill is supported by the same ideologues who have opposed the very concept of any Federal aid to education, who in the past disparaged on this floor public schools as being ‘‘government schools,’’ and who have even tried to abolish the Department of Education. 
Well, this Student Success Act is 
really a ‘‘Student Regress Act’’ or a ‘‘How Little Can We Do in Washington Act.’’ 
For San Antonio ISD, for Austin, and 
for so many other schools, this bill means less Federal support at a time when our schools are asked to do even more. 
In States like Texas, where school in-
equality is severe, the State leadership has demonstrated time and time again that Federal education block grants only lead to blockheaded decisions. ‘‘Block grant’’ is an apt term because it is designed to block access to achieve educational excellence in our public schools. 
Without a firm requirement in Fed-
eral law that the States cannot use the Federal dollars to just supplant the de-ficient funding levels they have, a State like Texas can and has simply used Federal education dollars to fill its budget gaps, with irresponsible offi-cials, like Rick Perry, using the money for corporate tax breaks instead of helping our schoolchildren. 
So today we look at this bill and we 
see that, despite extensive research on brain development, on the importance of early, quality education for our youngest Americans, despite bipartisan support across the country, despite the incredible return that it offers on every dollar of public investment, early 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.033 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1188 February 26, 2015 
childhood education is nowhere to be 
found. It is missing in action in this bill. 
This bill threatens protections for 
special education. It fails to address the unique challenges of at-risk stu-dents. It ignores the needs of students who need to learn English. It ends the requirement of professional develop-ment support that encourages innova-tive teaching. 
It is why I say that a grade of F is en-
tirely too high for this piece of legisla-tion. I think a grade of X, Y, or Z might be more appropriate. Reject it until we have a Congress committed to a meaningful Federal role in advancing individual opportunity and ensuring a globally competitive workforce. 
Ms. FOXX. I yield myself such time 
as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, over the last five dec-
ades, the Federal Government’s role in elementary and secondary education has increased dramatically. The De-partment of Education currently runs more than 80—more than 80—K–12 edu-cation programs, many of which are duplicative or ineffective. 
As a school board member, I saw that 
the vast reporting requirements for these Federal programs tie the hands of State and local school leaders to make the best education available to their students. Since 1965, Federal edu-cation funding has tripled, yet student achievement remains flat. More money clearly is not going to solve the chal-lenges we face in education. 
Unfortunately, the Obama adminis-
tration has refused to work with Con-gress to address these challenges and has, instead, taken unprecedented ac-tion to further expand its authority over America’s schools. 
Through the President’s waivers 
scheme and pet programs, such as Race to the Top, the Secretary of Education has granted himself complete discre-tion to use taxpayer dollars to coerce States into enacting the President’s preferred education reforms. Adding in-sult to injury, President Obama con-tinues to push for more Federal edu-cation spending, requesting a stag-gering $70.7 billion in discretionary funding alone for the Department of Education in his fiscal year 2016 budg-et. 
Our children deserve better. It is 
time to acknowledge more taxpayer dollars and more Federal intrusion cannot address the challenges facing schools. 
H.R. 5, the Student Success Act, will 
streamline the Nation’s education sys-tem by eliminating more than 65 dupli-cative and ineffective Federal edu-cation programs, cutting through the bureaucratic red tape that is stifling education in the classroom, and grant-ing States and school districts the au-thority to use Federal education funds to meet the unique needs of their stu-dents. 
The bill also requires the Secretary 
of Education to identify the bureau-crats in Washington who run the pro-grams which will be eliminated in H.R. 
5 and to eliminate their positions, en-suring that the bureaucracy shrinks with the programs. 
Additionally, this legislation will 
take definitive steps to limit the Sec-retary’s authority by prohibiting him or her from coercing States into adopt-ing academic standards like the Com-mon Core. It also halts the executive overreach in the waiver process by pro-hibiting the Secretary from imposing extraneous conditions on States and local districts in exchange for a waiver. 
The Student Success Act protects 
State and local autonomy over deci-sions in the classroom by removing the Secretary’s authority to add new re-quirements to Federal programs. H.R. 5 recognizes that local communities know their needs better than any bu-reaucrat in Washington and empowers States and districts to develop ac-countability and school improvement systems that align with their local pri-orities. It also repeals Federal funding requirements that arbitrarily restrict State and local policymakers’ ability to set their own budget priorities. 
Mr. Speaker, Federal policies should 
not tie the hands of local educators to make the best decisions for their stu-dents and communities. H.R. 5 is a step in that direction, and I urge my col-leagues to support the rule and the un-derlying bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Michi-gan (Mr. K
ILDEE ), a member of the 
Committee on Financial Services. 
Mr. KILDEE. I thank my friend from 
Colorado for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, unfortunately, the un-
derlying bill eliminates the 21st Cen-tury Community Learning Centers that are so critical to providing an out-let, a positive outlet, to young people in communities across this country for all that youthful energy that kids carry around with them. Afterschool programs make a difference. They es-pecially make a difference in the lives of young people who live in commu-nities, like many that I represent, that are facing enormous financial pressures just meeting the requirements of pro-viding daily instruction and can’t sup-port, without additional help, the kind of afterschool experiences that this program has supported. Why fix what is not broken? These programs really work. 
I know something about this. I come 
from Flint, Michigan. In fact, I served on the board of education in my home-town in Flint. I was elected 38 years 
ago. I was 18 years old. 
Flint is an important community in 
discovering the value of afterschool programming because long ago, many decades ago, auto pioneer Charles Stewart Mott and a visionary by the name of Frank Manley developed a community education concept which opened the doors to schools and pro-vided enrichment activities so that young people could have those positive choices. What do we say to these kids when 
we tell them stay on the straight and narrow, stay in school, when those few hours after the schoolday they are at risk and are given opportunities every day to make bad choices for them-selves, to go down a negative path? What afterschool programming has done is it has given these young folks a chance to explore their creative side. It works. It makes a difference, not just in keeping them out of trouble, but what we have seen is that after-school programming actually improves academic performance. The ability to engage in arts and music and physical activity improves their schoolday per-formance. 
Mr. Speaker, this is an important 
piece of legislation. It ought to include this provision. 
Ms. FOXX. I yield myself such time 
as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, while current Federal 
policy started with good intentions, burdensome and prescriptive regula-tions have created confusion for school districts and limited school participa-tion and tutoring services and public school choice. Parents know their chil-dren best, and any efforts to provide a high-quality education must include engaged parents. Parental involvement can help drive innovation, competition, and school improvement. 
The Student Success Act builds on 
the importance of parental involve-ment by ensuring that parents have ac-cess to meaningful information about local school quality, and it empowers local communities to hold students ac-countable. 
b1415 
It also maintains longstanding paren-
tal notification and consent provisions in current law. 
H.R. 5 continues the charter school, 
magnet school, and tutoring programs to provide parents with more choices in educating their children. Along with parental involvement, encouraging and supporting effective teachers in the classroom is critical to student success and high quality education. Mr. Speak-er, many Americans can regale you with stories of their favorite teachers who made a lasting impact on their lives. 
Federal policies should not hinder in-
novation in the classroom. That is why the underlying bill repeals Federal ‘‘highly qualified teachers’’ require-ments which restrict State and local school districts’ ability to reward and maintain good teachers by rewarding education level over effective teaching. 
H.R. 5 also supports the development 
and implementation of teacher evalua-tion systems that are designed by States and school districts with input from parents, teachers, school leaders, and other stakeholders. In addition to evaluation systems, the Student Suc-cess Act reduces confusion and duplica-tion by consolidating teacher quality programs into a single flexible grant program to be used by States and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.035 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1189 February 26, 2015 
school districts to support creative ap-
proaches to recruit and retain effective educators. 
The recurring theme throughout this 
legislation is empowering the people closest to students to make decisions for their communities and ensuring that the law is flexible to meet the needs of diverse States, regions, and student populations. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. L
ORETTA SANCHEZ ). 
Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-
fornia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gen-tleman from Colorado for the time. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to oppose 
H.R. 5, the Student Success Act. I think it is a damaging reauthorization of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act. 
Why are we here? What is the role of 
the Congress? It is to protect America and to ensure America’s future. The best way to ensure America’s future is to educate our children. In 1965, when the ESEA was originally developed, the exact declaration of that policy stated that it was ‘‘in recognition of the spe-cial education needs of children of low- income families.’’ 
I know a lot about that. I know be-
cause I am a Head Start child, a public school kid who went under ESEA. I know that when America makes the right policies to educate its people, we thrive. I know that people can come to America without an education and be-cause of our public school system can believe that their children can grow up to be successful in America. I know that because my parents came without much education and without any money. Oh, by the way, they are the only parents in the history of these United States to send two daughters to this House of Representatives. Let’s do the right thing. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the 
balance of my time. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. C
ASTOR ). 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I would like to thank the gentleman from Colorado for yielding the time. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise to oppose this 
rule and H.R. 5. One of the hallmarks of America is our system of free, local, public schools. America is the envy of the world because a quality K–12 edu-cation is key to opportunity and a pathway to success. To build on that fundamental premise, 50 years ago, the Congress adopted the Elementary and Secondary Education Act to ensure that all children, no matter their back-ground, family income, their race or religion, could have equal access to a high quality public education. 
This Republican bill, unfortunately, 
strikes at the heart of this funda-mental American principle, and it tips the scales in favor of the well-to-do to the detriment of millions of other stu-dents. While the bill grants important flexi-
bility to States in some areas, Repub-licans let States off the hook for main-taining their commitment to students in schools that oftentimes do not have the extras. The Republican bill takes away millions of dollars from students in schools in my home school districts of Hillsborough and Pinellas Counties in Florida. 
Overall, Republicans in Congress pro-
pose to cut Florida schools by $33 mil-lion in fiscal year 2016 and by a whop-ping $437 million through fiscal year 2021. In doing so, they cut at the heart of our ability to give teachers the tools they need to teach and our students the ability to learn. 
Now, Mr. Speaker, many amend-
ments will be debated, and some could improve the bill while others will not. But in the end, other than the Demo-cratic substitute, there is no way to fix this Republican bill that would harm so many students and schools across America. So I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ and send the committee back to the drawing board. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from Tennessee (Mr. D
UNCAN ). 
Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. 
Speaker, I appreciate the gentlewoman from North Carolina yielding me this time. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in very strong 
support of this rule and the underlying bill. I was one of I think 45 Members who voted against the No Child Left Behind law when it originally came up in the House of Representatives several years ago. This turned out to be one of the most popular votes I ever cast with public school teachers. I have heard from many of them throughout these years that that bill has been in effect. It was a bill written primarily by Sen-ator Kennedy and Congressman M
IL-
LER, and it was a very far-to-the-left 
type of bill. So I am especially pleased that this H.R. 5 today is a major re-writing of that bill. 
I especially support the very strong 
alternative certification provisions in the bill. It has never made any sense to me to say that a person with a Ph.D. and long experience in a field cannot teach and some young person with a degree in education would have to be hired. A Ph.D. in chemistry who worked 30 years at Oak Ridge in our scientific lab couldn’t be hired to teach, and some person who had had a few hours of chemistry, some 22-year- old with a bachelor’s degree, would have to be hired. 
Our boards of education should have 
the flexibility to hire people who have a great education or long experience in a particular field in those types of situ-ations. I wish that the provisions were even stronger than they are now. 
Mr. Speaker, many years ago, I 
taught at T.C. Williams High School in Alexandria. I taught American govern-ment and journalism. I very reluc-tantly gave up that teaching job so that I could finish law school sooner. I can tell you that my grandmother 
taught school in Tennessee for over 40 years, and my older sister taught for over 33 years. I have spoken over 1,000 times to schools and school groups, and I can tell you also that the teachers and principals of east Tennessee have enough sense and intelligence to run their own schools. They don’t need bu-reaucrats from Washington dictating every move that they make almost, and we need much more local control. This bill does that. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the gentleman from Colorado and the gentlewoman from North Caro-lina for their leadership. 
Mr. Speaker, I think you can look at 
me and understand the importance of the Federal Government, for when I went to school, those of us of minority status, African Americans and His-panics, were not protected by our States. It had to be those in the Fed-eral Government who indicated that no matter what you looked like, what your race was, or what your disability was, you had the right to equal edu-cation. That is what the Federal Gov-ernment can do. That is what this in-volvement of the Federal Government is. It is to ensure that no child is de-nied an education. 
Yet, Mr. Speaker, we find ourselves 
today with a decrease in funding to education across America. Parents should understand that, with a 3.2 mil-lion student enrollment increase, this bill flatlines any increase in education. It does not support teachers, and it does not support highly qualified teachers in providing for them an in-centive to teach. 
More importantly, my fellow stu-
dents who may be called disabled, do you know what they do to them? They raise the numbers of those who can be sent to those classes that in the old days we called slow classes, so that they are not mainstreamed, they are just thrown over to the side. We stopped doing that decades ago, but this bill brings it right back home again. 
What the Federal Government does is 
it raises standards to allow States not to weaken standards, not to weaken the assessment process, and not to in-stitute weak accountability systems. But that is what this bill does now. So my student who needs an opportunity does not have the support, and poor children, money is taken from poor children and recklessly used for some-thing else. 
Why, Mr. Speaker, can’t we make 
this a bipartisan bill and do what was done for me by the Federal Govern-ment? It gave me the opportunity to stand on the floor of the House today as an African American. With a history 
of segregation in America, the Federal Government said that I needed an equal education. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the 
balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.037 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1190 February 26, 2015 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. J
UDYCHU). 
Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. 
Speaker, our current education system must be fixed. However, H.R. 5 is not the solution. 
As chair of the Congressional Asian 
Pacific American Caucus, I cannot sup-port H.R. 5. This bill hurts the very children that ESEA intended to pro-tect: children of color, children of pov-erty, and children with disabilities. H.R. 5 fails to hold States and schools accountable and to make students college- and career-ready. Almost 5 million English language learners will suffer with limited funds and block grants. Wraparound services that are so critical for a well-rounded education are eliminated. H.R. 5 hurts our stu-dents and makes America less competi-tive. 
By contrast, Mr. Speaker, the Demo-
cratic substitute ensures that high- poverty schools and high-needs stu-dents get the resources and the support that they need. I urge you to vote ‘‘no’’ on H.R. 5 and ‘‘yes’’ on the substitute. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the 
balance of my time. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. L
EWIS). 
Mr. LEWIS. Mr. Speaker, I thank my 
friend and colleague from Colorado for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposi-
tion to this rule and against H.R. 5. Ev-eryone who knows me knows that I be-lieve that if you spend 5 minutes—only 5 minutes—with a young person, you can change a life and shift the course of history. Many years ago, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., and Rosa Parks saw a little light, a little hope in me, ‘‘the boy from Troy,’’ a young student from rural Alabama. They gave me hope and opened doors. 
Their actions taught me how impor-
tant it is to tear down barriers and in-vest in the potential of each and every American child. 
Mr. Speaker, we have the responsi-
bility to learn from our experiences and provide a quality foundation for the next generation. But this bill turns back the clock on progress. H.R. 5 puts the hardest-hit—those most in need— on the chopping block. We don’t want to go back. We want to go forward. It cuts funding, pushes down standards, and rolls back the protections for our future—our youth—our precious chil-dren. 
I urge each and every one of my col-
leagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Let us come to-gether and do what is right and what is just to help students realize the Amer-ican Dream. That is the thing to do, and we must do it. 
b1430 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the 
balance of my time. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Before I get back to education, I 
want to point out that there is a very unusual component to this rule. There 
is something called self-executing lan-guage, which means that the rule is ef-fectively like a bill, and the language is around a very hot button divisive topic—namely, abortion. 
There is actually a provision in this 
rule that effectively becomes a passed bill—it is self-executing—that would defund school-based health centers if they have any information about refer-rals or directions or any abortion-re-lated materials. 
In fact, the language is so vague, 
they wouldn’t even be able to display, under this, antiabortion-related mate-rials. It says: 
The center will not provide abortion-re-
lated materials, referrals, or directions for abortion services to any such student. 
It would essentially prevent a school 
from providing information to a child about alternatives to abortion, like adoption or other options that a young parent might have, to be able to stay in school. 
If this rule passes with this self-exe-
cuting amendment, I believe that the number of abortions will increase in the country as a result. This is an anti- choice, pro-abortion measure that has been inserted into this rule, and it is very restrictive on our school districts. 
It is a very unusual procedural tac-
tic. I have never seen, in my 6 years here, a rule used for self-executing lan-guage around a divisive topic like abor-tion. 
No debate on the amendment—even 
these other amendments on education under this bill, they have 10 minutes of debate, and they have 20 minutes of de-bate. This is a secret attempt to get language into a bill that we were not even shown, I think, 3 minutes before we voted on it in the Rules Committee yesterday—just another example of the problems with this ad hoc lawmaking process without the right thought going into bills. 
I don’t even think that the sponsor of 
this, who is Representative N
EUGE -
BAUER , meant to exclude information 
about alternatives to abortion or other options that people might choose; but, unfortunately, the language of the self- executed amendment would prohibit that as well. 
Mr. Speaker, instead of engaging in 
these partisan fights, I wish that at least one of our unanimous consent re-quests had been granted to fund the Department of Homeland Security. Un-fortunately, that wasn’t the case. We are instead discussing a very divisive bill. 
Some of my colleagues talked about 
funding. I want to elaborate a little more about what this so-called port-ability was. Portability sounds great. Of course, funds should follow the stu-dent. 
The net effect of this version of port-
ability that is in this bill is that re-sources are transferred out of schools that serve a lot of at-risk and poor children to schools that serve a lower percentage of poor or at-risk children. What this means in districts like 
mine or districts across the country is, on the ground, schools that serve 60, 70, 80 percent low-income families will lose two staff people, three staff peo-ple—in some cases, maybe even four staff people. They will lose teachers. They will lose paraprofessionals. They will be taken out of their budget, and they would be added to the budget of some of the wealthier schools in the district. 
Now, look, if we all want to add staff 
to all schools, I mean, my goodness, if we can find funding to add staff to some of the wealthier schools—I know that there are many schools that have a lower socioeconomic risk in my dis-trict—parents would love more staff, but the right answer is not to take those staff out of the schools that serve the most at-risk kids. 
That is what this bill does, which is 
why no Democrats on our committee supported it. It is a step in the opposite direction. Honestly, Mr. Speaker, it is hard to even get to the discussion of getting accountability right—expand-ing and replicating what works and changing what doesn’t work and en-couraging innovation—when the basic funding parameters of the bill do the opposite of what we need to do: take money out of the schools that serve the most at-risk kids which, under what-ever accountability system we use, are likely the schools that need more in-vestment. 
I urge my colleagues to oppose this 
rule with the self-executing abortion language, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
My colleague has raised the provision 
in the manager’s amendment related to school-based health centers referring children in schools for abortions. Re-gardless of their position on abortion, most Americans agree that the issue should not be raised at school. The lan-guage now in the bill reflects that con-sensus and would have no impact on adoptions. 
Mr. Speaker, my background as an 
educator, school board member, moth-er, and grandmother reinforces my be-lief that students are best served when people at the local level are in control of education decisions. I also believe that education is the most important tool Americans at any age can have. 
I was the first person in my family to 
graduate from high school and went to college where I worked full time and attended school part time. It took me 7 years to earn my bachelor’s degree, and I continued to work my way through my master’s and doctoral degrees. 
From my own experience, I am con-
vinced this is the greatest country in the world for many reasons, not the least of which is that a person like me, who grew up extremely poor in a house with no electricity and no running water, with parents with very little formal education and no prestige at all, could work hard and be elected to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.038 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1191 February 26, 2015 
United States House of Representa-
tives. 
No legislation is perfect, and that is 
why I look forward to working with my colleagues to address their concerns and improve the Student Success Act throughout the amendment process. 
We have a significant number of 
amendments to consider. Forty-four amendments are made in order by this rule, including over 20 Democrat amendments. Among those is Ranking Member S
COTT’s substitute amendment 
for this legislation and nine bipartisan amendments. 
I have never been one to let the per-
fect be the enemy of the good, and H.R. 5 is a step in the right direction of re-ducing the Federal role in education; empowering parents, teachers, and local school districts; and increasing local control. 
That is why I am a proud cosponsor 
of this legislation, and urge my col-leagues to vote in favor of this rule and the underlying bill. 
The material previously referred to 
by Mr. P
OLIS is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 125 O FFERED BY  
MR. POLIS OF COLORADO  
At the end of the resolution, add the fol-
lowing new sections: 
SEC. 2. Immediately upon adoption of this 
resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 861) making appropria-tions for the Department of Homeland Secu-rity for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not ex-ceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of consid-eration of the bill for amendment the Com-mittee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amend-ments thereto to final passage without inter-vening motion except one motion to recom-mit with or without instructions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no resolution on the bill, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. 
S
EC. 3. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not 
apply to the consideration of H.R. 861. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT 
ITREALLY MEANS  
This vote, the vote on whether to order the 
previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. 
Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the 
House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the 
opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ 
The Republican majority may say ‘‘the 
vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule. . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ 
In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House 
of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-
tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ 
Clearly, the vote on the previous question 
on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield back 
the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on ordering the previous question. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, on that I 
demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15-minute vote on ordering the previous question will be followed by 5- minute votes on adoption of the resolu-tion, if ordered, and agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 234, nays 177, not voting 21, as follows: 
[Roll No. 92] 
YEAS—234 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Duffy Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman 
Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce 
Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland 
Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
NAYS—177 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) 
Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.039 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1192 February 26, 2015 
Cohen 
Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) 
Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree 
Pocan Polis 
Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—21 
Costa 
Dold Duncan (SC) Flores Higgins Hinojosa Keating King (NY) 
Langevin Lee Long McNerney Pompeo Rice (NY) Roe (TN) 
Roskam Rush Schock Speier Waters, Maxine Zinke 
b1502 
So the previous question was ordered. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Stated for: Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 92, 
I was unavoidably detained in a meeting with constituents. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
Stated against: Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 
92 I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I missed re-
corded vote No. 92 due to a hearing of the Homeland Security Subcommittee on Counter-
terrorism and Intelligence. I would have voted ‘‘no’’ (Motion on Ordering the Previous Ques-tion on the Rule providing for further consider-ation of H.R. 5, the Student Success Act). Had this motion failed, House Democrats would have had the opportunity to offer an amend-ment making H.R. 861 in order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the resolution. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I demand a 
recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. This 
will be a 5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 234, noes 184, not voting 14, as follows: 
[Roll No. 93] 
AYES—234 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Duffy Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman 
Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen 
Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schock Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland 
Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
NOES—184 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer 
Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) 
Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney 
Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) 
Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne 
Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) 
Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—14 
Duncan (SC) 
Flores Hinojosa Lee Long McNerney 
Pitts Pompeo Reichert Roe (TN) Roskam 
Speier Waters, Maxine Zinke 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during 
the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. 
b1510 
So the resolution was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated for: Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 
93, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. 
The question is on the Speaker’s ap-
proval of the Journal. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.006 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1193 February 26, 2015 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This 
will be a 5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 246, noes 168, present 1, not voting 17, as follows: 
[Roll No. 94] 
AYES—246 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Becerra Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brown (FL) Buck Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Carney Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clay Cleaver Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Conyers Cook Cooper Courtney Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette DeLauro DelBene Dent DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duncan (TN) Edwards Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gallego 
Garamendi Garrett Goodlatte Gosar Graham Granger Graves (LA) Grayson Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hardy Harper Harris Heck (WA) Hensarling Himes Huelskamp Huffman Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, Sam Jolly Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee King (IA) King (NY) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Lofgren Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McHenry McMorris 
Rodgers 
Meadows Meeks Meng Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin Nadler Napolitano Neugebauer Nunes 
O’Rourke Olson Palmer Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pitts Pocan Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Ribble Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ross Rothfus Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Takai Takano Thornberry Titus Tonko Tsongas Upton Van Hollen Vela´zquez 
Wagner Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman 
Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Womack Yarmuth Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
NOES—168 
Adams Aguilar Amash Ashford Babin Bass Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (MI) Bost Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carter (GA) Castor (FL) Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clyburn Coffman Cohen Collins (GA) Connolly Costa Costello (PA) Cummings Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney Denham DeSantis DeSaulnier Dingell Dold Duffy Ellmers (NC) Fitzpatrick Fleming Forbes Foxx Fudge Gibbs Gibson Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hanna 
Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huizenga (MI) Israel Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jones Jordan Joyce Keating Kilmer Kind Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Lance Langevin Lawrence Lewis LoBiondo Loebsack Lowey Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant McDermott McGovern McKinley McSally Meehan Messer Miller (FL) Mooney (WV) Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Palazzo Pallone 
Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci 
Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rogers (AL) Ros-Lehtinen Rouzer Roybal-Allard Rush Ryan (OH) Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schock Scott, David Sewell (AL) Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Stivers Swalwell (CA) Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tiberi Tipton Torres Trott Turner Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Walberg Walker Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Wittman Woodall Yoder Young (AK) 
ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—1 
Gohmert 
NOT VOTING—17 
Cramer 
Duncan (SC) Ellison Flores Grijalva Hinojosa Lee 
Long McNerney Murphy (PA) Pompeo Roe (TN) Roskam 
Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Speier Waters, Maxine Zinke 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during 
the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. 
b1517 
Mr. CLAWSON of Florida changed his 
vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
So the Journal was approved. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I was 
unable to vote because of a serious illness in 
my family. Had I been present, I would have voted: rollcall No. 91—‘‘aye,’’ rollcall No. 92— ‘‘aye,’’ rollcall No. 93—‘‘aye,’’ rollcall No. 94— ‘‘aye.’’ AUTHORIZING THE SPEAKER TO 
DECLARE A RECESS ON TUES-DAY, MARCH 3, 2015, FOR THE PURPOSE OF RECEIVING IN JOINT MEETING HIS EXCEL-LENCY BINYAMIN NETANYAHU, PRIME MINISTER OF ISRAEL 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-
imous consent that it may be in order at any time on Tuesday, March 3, 2015, for the Speaker to declare a recess, subject to the call of the Chair, for the purpose of receiving in Joint Meeting His Excellency Binyamin Netanyahu, Prime Minister of Israel. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois). Is there ob-
jection to the request of the gentleman from Minnesota? 
There was no objection. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
was unavoidably detained by a meeting with law enforcement officers from across the Nation, and I missed rollcall vote No. 91 on the question of consider-ation of the resolution involving fund-ing of DHS. If I had been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
f 
STUDENT SUCCESS ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 125 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 5. 
Will the gentleman from Tennessee 
(Mr. D
UNCAN ) kindly take the chair. 
b1520 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 5) to support State and local account-ability for public education, protect State and local authority, inform par-ents of the performance of their chil-dren’s schools, and for other purposes, with Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee (Acting 
Chair) in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-
mittee of the Whole rose on Wednes-day, February 25, 2015, all time for gen-eral debate pursuant to House Resolu-tion 121 had expired. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 125, no 
further general debate shall be in order. In lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Education and the Workforce, printed in the bill, an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–8, modified by the amendment printed in part A of House Report 114–29, is adopted. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as the original bill for the purpose of further amendment under the 5-minute rule and shall be considered as read. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Dec 01, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\FEB 15\H26FE5.REC H26FE5SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1194 February 26, 2015 
The text of the bill, as amended, is as 
follows: 
H.R. 5 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Student Success 
Act’’. 
SEC. 2. TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
The table of contents for this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title. Sec. 2. Table of contents. Sec. 3. References. Sec. 4. Transition. Sec. 5. Effective dates. Sec. 6. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 7. Sense of the Congress. 
TITLE I—AID TO LOCAL EDUCATIONAL 
AGENCIES 
Subtitle A—In General 
Sec. 101. Title heading. 
Sec. 102. Statement of purpose. Sec. 103. Flexibility to use Federal funds. Sec. 104. School improvement. Sec. 105. Direct student services. Sec. 106. State administration. 
Subtitle B—Improving the Academic 
Achievement of the Disadvantaged 
Sec. 111. Part A headings. 
Sec. 112. State plans. Sec. 113. Local educational agency plans. Sec. 114. Eligible school attendance areas. Sec. 115. Schoolwide programs. Sec. 116. Targeted assistance schools. Sec. 117. Academic assessment and local edu-
cational agency and school im-provement; school support and recognition. 
Sec. 118. Parental involvement. Sec. 119. Qualifications for teachers and para-
professionals. 
Sec. 120. Participation of children enrolled in 
private schools. 
Sec. 121. Fiscal requirements. Sec. 122. Coordination requirements. Sec. 123. Grants for the outlying areas and the 
Secretary of the Interior. 
Sec. 124. Allocations to States. Sec. 125. Basic grants to local educational 
agencies. 
Sec. 126. Targeted grants to local educational 
agencies. 
Sec. 127. Adequacy of funding to local edu-
cational agencies in fiscal years after fiscal year 2001. 
Sec. 128. Education finance incentive grant 
program. 
Sec. 129. Carryover and waiver. Sec. 130. Title I portability. 
Subtitle C—Additional Aid to States and School 
Districts 
Sec. 131. Additional aid. 
Subtitle D—National Assessment 
Sec. 141. National assessment of title I. 
Subtitle E—Title I General Provisions 
Sec. 151. General provisions for title I. 
TITLE II—TEACHER PREPARATION AND 
EFFECTIVENESS 
Sec. 201. Teacher preparation and effectiveness. 
Sec. 202. Conforming repeals. 
TITLE III—PARENTAL ENGAGEMENT AND 
LOCAL FLEXIBILITY 
Sec. 301. Parental engagement and local flexi-
bility. 
TITLE IV—IMPACT AID 
Sec. 401. Purpose. 
Sec. 402. Payments relating to Federal acquisi-
tion of real property. 
Sec. 403. Payments for eligible federally con-
nected children. 
Sec. 404. Policies and procedures relating to 
children residing on Indian lands. Sec. 405. Application for payments under sec-
tions 8002 and 8003. 
Sec. 406. Construction. Sec. 407. Facilities. Sec. 408. State consideration of payments pro-
viding State aid. 
Sec. 409. Federal administration. Sec. 410. Administrative hearings and judicial 
review. 
Sec. 411. Definitions. Sec. 412. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 413. Conforming amendments. 
TITLE V—THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT’S 
TRUST RESPONSIBILITY TO AMERICAN INDIAN, ALASKA NATIVE, AND NATIVE HAWAIIAN EDUCATION 
Sec. 501. The Federal Government’s Trust Re-
sponsibility to American Indian, Alaska Native, and Native Hawai-ian Education. 
TITLE VI—GENERAL PROVISIONS FOR THE 
ACT 
Sec. 601. General provisions for the Act. 
Sec. 602. Repeal. Sec. 603. Other laws. Sec. 604. Amendment to IDEA. 
TITLE VII—HOMELESS EDUCATION 
Sec. 701. Statement of policy. 
Sec. 702. Grants for State and local activities 
for the education of homeless chil-dren and youths. 
Sec. 703. Local educational agency subgrants 
for the education of homeless chil-dren and youths. 
Sec. 704. Secretarial responsibilities. Sec. 705. Definitions. Sec. 706. Authorization of appropriations. 
TITLE VIII—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
Sec. 801. Findings; Sense of the Congress. 
Sec. 802. Preventing improper use of taxpayer 
funds. 
SEC. 3. REFERENCES. 
Except as otherwise expressly provided, when-
ever in this Act an amendment or repeal is ex-pressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a section or other provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.). 
SEC. 4. TRANSITION. 
Unless otherwise provided in this Act, any 
person or agency that was awarded a grant under the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.) prior to the date of the enactment of this Act shall continue to receive funds in accordance with the terms of such award, except that funds for such award may not continue more than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 5. EFFECTIVE DATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-
vided in this Act, this Act, and the amendments made by this Act, shall be effective upon the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(b) N
ONCOMPETITIVE PROGRAMS .—With re-
spect to noncompetitive programs under which any funds are allotted by the Secretary of Edu-cation to recipients on the basis of a formula, this Act, and the amendments made by this Act, shall take effect on October 1, 2015. 
(c) C
OMPETITIVE PROGRAMS .—With respect to 
programs that are conducted by the Secretary on a competitive basis, this Act, and the amend-ments made by this Act, shall take effect with respect to appropriations for use under those programs for fiscal year 2016. 
(d) I
MPACT AID.—With respect to title IV of 
the Act (20 U.S.C. 7701 et seq.) (Impact Aid), this Act, and the amendments made by this Act, shall take effect with respect to appropriations for use under that title for fiscal year 2016. 
SEC. 6. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
The Act (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.) is amended by 
inserting after section 2 the following: ‘‘SEC. 3. AUTHORIZATIONS OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
‘‘(a) T ITLEI.— 
‘‘(1) P ART A .—There are authorized to be ap-
propriated to carry out part A of title I $16,245,163,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
‘‘(2) P
ART B .—There are authorized to be ap-
propriated to carry out part B of title I $710,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
‘‘(b) T
ITLEII.—There are authorized to be ap-
propriated to carry out title II $2,788,356,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
‘‘(c) T
ITLEIII.— 
‘‘(1) P ART A .— 
‘‘(A) S UBPART 1 .—There are authorized to be 
appropriated to carry out subpart 1 of part A of title III $300,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
‘‘(B) S
UBPART 2 .—There are authorized to be 
appropriated to carry out subpart 2 of part A of title III $91,647,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
‘‘(C) S
UBPART 3 .—There are authorized to be 
appropriated to carry out subpart 3 of part A of title III $25,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
‘‘(2) P
ART B .—There are authorized to be ap-
propriated to carry out part B of title III $2,302,287,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
‘‘(d) T
ITLEIV.— 
‘‘(1) P AYMENTS FOR FEDERAL ACQUISITION OF  
REAL PROPERTY .—For the purpose of making 
payments under section 4002, there are author-ized to be appropriated $66,813,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
‘‘(2) B
ASIC PAYMENTS ; PAYMENTS FOR HEAVILY  
IMPACTED LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES .—For 
the purpose of making payments under section 4003(b), there are authorized to be appropriated $1,151,233,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
‘‘(3) P
AYMENTS FOR CHILDREN WITH DISABIL -
ITIES.—For the purpose of making payments 
under section 4003(d), there are authorized to be appropriated $48,316,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
‘‘(4) C
ONSTRUCTION .—For the purpose of car-
rying out section 4007, there are authorized to be appropriated $17,406,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
‘‘(5) F
ACILITIES MAINTENANCE .—For the pur-
pose of carrying out section 4008, there are au-thorized to be appropriated $4,835,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021.’’. 
SEC. 7. SENSE OF THE CONGRESS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The Congress finds as follows: 
(1) The Elementary and Secondary Education 
Act prohibits the Federal Government from man-dating, directing, or controlling a State, local educational agency, or school’s curriculum, pro-gram of instruction, or allocation of State and local resources, and from mandating a State or any subdivision thereof to spend any funds or incur any costs not paid for under such Act. 
(2) The Elementary and Secondary Education 
Act prohibits the Federal Government from funding the development, pilot testing, field testing, implementation, administration, or dis-tribution of any federally sponsored national test in reading, mathematics, or any other sub-ject, unless specifically and explicitly author-ized by law. 
(3) The Secretary of Education, through 3 sep-
arate initiatives, has created a system of waivers and grants that influence, incentivize, and co-erce State educational agencies into imple-menting common national elementary and sec-ondary standards and assessments endorsed by the Secretary. 
(4) The Race to the Top Fund encouraged and 
incentivized States to adopt Common Core State Standards developed by the National Governor’s Association Center for Best Practices and the Council of Chief State School Officers. 
(5) The Race to the Top Assessment grants 
awarded to the Partnership for the Assessment 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.047 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1195 February 26, 2015 
of Readiness for College and Careers (PARCC) 
and SMARTER Balanced Assessment Consor-tium (SMARTER Balance) initiated the develop-ment of Common Core State Standards aligned assessments that will, in turn, inform and ulti-mately influence kindergarten through 12th- grade curriculum and instructional materials. 
(6) The conditional Elementary and Sec-
ondary Education Act flexibility waiver author-ity employed by the Department of Education coerced States into accepting Common Core State Standards and aligned assessments. 
(b) S
ENSE OF THE CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
the Congress that States and local educational agencies retain the rights and responsibilities of determining educational curriculum, programs of instruction, and assessments for elementary and secondary education. 
TITLE I—AID TO LOCAL EDUCATIONAL 
AGENCIES 
Subtitle A—In General 
SEC. 101. TITLE HEADING. 
The title heading for title I (20 U.S.C. 6301 et 
seq.) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘TITLE I—AID TO LOCAL EDUCATIONAL 
AGENCIES’’. 
SEC. 102. STATEMENT OF PURPOSE. 
Section 1001 (20 U.S.C. 6301) is amended to 
read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 1001. STATEMENT OF PURPOSE. 
‘‘The purpose of this title is to provide all 
children the opportunity to graduate high school prepared for postsecondary education or the workforce. This purpose can be accom-plished by— 
‘‘(1) meeting the educational needs of low- 
achieving children in our Nation’s highest-pov-erty schools, English learners, migratory chil-dren, children with disabilities, Indian children, and neglected or delinquent children; 
‘‘(2) closing the achievement gap between 
high- and low-performing children, especially the achievement gaps between minority and nonminority students, and between disadvan-taged children and their more advantaged peers; 
‘‘(3) affording parents substantial and mean-
ingful opportunities to participate in the edu-cation of their children; and 
‘‘(4) challenging States and local educational 
agencies to embrace meaningful, evidence-based education reform, while encouraging state and local innovation.’’. 
SEC. 103. FLEXIBILITY TO USE FEDERAL FUNDS. 
Section 1002 (20 U.S.C. 6302) is amended to 
read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 1002. FLEXIBILITY TO USE FEDERAL FUNDS. 
‘‘(a) A LTERNATIVE USES OF FEDERAL FUNDS 
FORSTATE EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subsections (c) 
and (d) and notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, a State educational agency may use the applicable funding that the agency receives for a fiscal year to carry out any State activity authorized or required under one or more of the following provisions: 
‘‘(A) Section 1003. ‘‘(B) Section 1004. ‘‘(C) Subpart 2 of part A of title I. ‘‘(D) Subpart 3 of part A of title I. ‘‘(E) Subpart 4 of part A of title I. ‘‘(2) N
OTIFICATION .—Not later than June 1 of 
each year, a State educational agency shall no-tify the Secretary of the State educational agen-cy’s intention to use the applicable funding for any of the alternative uses under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(3) A
PPLICABLE FUNDING DEFINED .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-
paragraph (B), in this subsection, the term ‘ap-plicable funding’ means funds provided to carry out State activities under one or more of the fol-lowing provisions. 
‘‘(i) Section 1003. ‘‘(ii) Section 1004. ‘‘(iii) Subpart 2 of part A of title I. ‘‘(iv) Subpart 3 of part A of title I. ‘‘(v) Subpart 4 of part A of title I. 
‘‘(B) L
IMITATION .—In this subsection, the 
term ‘applicable funding’ does not include funds provided under any of the provisions listed in subparagraph (A) that State educational agen-cies are required by this Act— 
‘‘(i) to reserve, allocate, or spend for required 
activities; 
‘‘(ii) to allocate, allot, or award to local edu-
cational agencies or other entities eligible to re-ceive such funds; or 
‘‘(iii) to use for technical assistance or moni-
toring. 
‘‘(4) D
ISBURSEMENT .—The Secretary shall dis-
burse the applicable funding to State edu-cational agencies for alternative uses under paragraph (1) for a fiscal year at the same time as the Secretary disburses the applicable fund-ing to State educational agencies that do not in-tend to use the applicable funding for such al-ternative uses for the fiscal year. 
‘‘(b) A
LTERNATIVE USES OF FEDERAL FUNDS 
FORLOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subsections (c) 
and (d) and notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, a local educational agency may use the applicable funding that the agency receives for a fiscal year to carry out any local activity authorized or required under one or more of the following provisions: 
‘‘(A) Section 1003. ‘‘(B) Subpart 1 of part A of title I. ‘‘(C) Subpart 2 of part A of title I. 
‘‘(D) Subpart 3 of part A of title I. ‘‘(E) Subpart 4 of part A of title I. ‘‘(2) N
OTIFICATION .—A local educational 
agency shall notify the State educational agen-cy of the local educational agency’s intention to use the applicable funding for any of the alter-native uses under paragraph (1) by a date that is established by the State educational agency for the notification. 
‘‘(3) A
PPLICABLE FUNDING DEFINED .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-
paragraph (B), in this subsection, the term ‘ap-plicable funding’ means funds provided to carry out local activities under one or more of the fol-lowing provisions: 
‘‘(i) Subpart 2 of part A of title I. ‘‘(ii) Subpart 3 of part A of title I. ‘‘(iii) Subpart 4 of part A of title I. ‘‘(B) L
IMITATION .—In this subsection, the 
term ‘applicable funding’ does not include funds provided under any of the provisions listed in subparagraph (A) that local educational agen-cies are required by this Act— 
‘‘(i) to reserve, allocate, or spend for required 
activities; 
‘‘(ii) to allocate, allot, or award to entities eli-
gible to receive such funds; or 
‘‘(iii) to use for technical assistance or moni-
toring. 
‘‘(4) D
ISBURSEMENT .—Each State educational 
agency that receives applicable funding for a fiscal year shall disburse the applicable funding to local educational agencies for alternative uses under paragraph (1) for the fiscal year at the same time as the State educational agency disburses the applicable funding to local edu-cational agencies that do not intend to use the applicable funding for such alternative uses for the fiscal year. 
‘‘(c) R
ULE FOR ADMINISTRATIVE COSTS.—A 
State educational agency or a local educational agency shall only use applicable funding (as de-fined in subsection (a)(3) or (b)(3), respectively) for administrative costs incurred in carrying out a provision listed in subsection (a)(1) or (b)(1), respectively, to the extent that the agency, in the absence of this section, could have used funds for administrative costs with respect to a program listed in subsection (a)(3) or (b)(3), re-spectively. 
‘‘(d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
section shall be construed to relieve a State edu-cational agency or local educational agency of any requirements relating to— 
‘‘(1) use of Federal funds to supplement, not 
supplant, non-Federal funds; ‘‘(2) comparability of services; 
‘‘(3) equitable participation of private school 
students and teachers; 
‘‘(4) applicable civil rights requirements; ‘‘(5) section 1113; or ‘‘(6) section 1111.’’. 
SEC. 104. SCHOOL IMPROVEMENT. 
Section 1003 (20 U.S.C. 6303) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘2 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘7 
percent’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘subpart 2 of part A’’ and all 
that follows through ‘‘sections 1116 and 1117,’’ and inserting ‘‘chapter B of subpart 1 of part A for each fiscal year to carry out subsection (b),’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘for schools 
identified for school improvement, corrective ac-tion, and restructuring, for activities under sec-tion 1116(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘to carry out the State’s system of school improvement under sec-tion 1111(b)(3)(B)(iii)’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘or edu-
cational service agencies’’ and inserting ‘‘, edu-cational service agencies, or non-profit or for- profit external providers with expertise in using evidence-based or other effective strategies to improve student achievement’’; 
(3) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘need for 
such funds; and’’ and inserting ‘‘commitment to using such funds to improve such schools.’’; and 
(C) by striking paragraph (3); (4) in subsection (d)(1), by striking ‘‘subpart 2 
of part A;’’ and inserting ‘‘chapter B of subpart 1 of part A;’’; 
(5) in subsection (e)— (A) by striking ‘‘in any fiscal year’’ and in-
serting ‘‘in fiscal year 2016 and each subsequent fiscal year’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘subpart 2’’ and inserting 
‘‘chapter B of subpart 1 of part A’’; and 
(C) by striking ‘‘such subpart’’ and inserting 
‘‘such chapter’’; 
(6) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘and the per-
centage of students from each school from fami-lies with incomes below the poverty line’’; and 
(7) by striking subsection (g). 
SEC. 105. DIRECT STUDENT SERVICES. 
The Act (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.) is amended by 
inserting after section 1003 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1003A. DIRECT STUDENT SERVICES. 
‘‘(a) S TATE RESERVATION .—Each State shall 
reserve 3 percent of the amount the State re-ceives under chapter B of subpart 1 of part A for each fiscal year to carry out this section. Of such reserved funds, the State educational agency may use up to 1 percent to administer di-rect student services. 
‘‘(b) D
IRECT STUDENT SERVICES .—From the 
amount available after the application of sub-section (a), each State shall award grants in ac-cordance with this section to local educational agencies to support direct student services. 
‘‘(c) A
WARDS .—The State educational agency 
shall award grants to geographically diverse local educational agencies including suburban, rural, and urban local educational agencies. If there are not enough funds to award all appli-cants in a sufficient size and scope to run an ef-fective direct student services program, the State shall prioritize awards to local educational agencies with the greatest number of students with disabilities, neglected, delinquent, migrant students, English learners, at-risk students, and Native Americans, to increase academic achieve-ment of such students. 
‘‘(d) L
OCAL USE OF FUNDS.—A local edu-
cational agency receiving an award under this section— 
‘‘(1) shall use up to 1 percent of each award 
for outreach and communication to parents about their options and to register students for direct student services; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.015 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1196 February 26, 2015 
‘‘(2) may use not more than 2 percent of each 
award for administrative costs related to direct student services; and 
‘‘(3) shall use the remainder of the award to 
pay the transportation required to provide pub-lic school choice or the hourly rate for high- quality academic tutoring services, as deter-mined by a provider on the State-approved list required under subsection (f)(2). 
‘‘(e) A
PPLICATION .—A local educational agen-
cy desiring to receive an award under sub-section (b) shall submit an application describ-ing how the local educational agency will— 
‘‘(1) provide adequate outreach to ensure par-
ents can exercise a meaningful choice of direct student services for their child’s education; 
‘‘(2) ensure parents have adequate time and 
information to make a meaningful choice prior to enrolling their child in a direct student serv-ice; 
‘‘(3) ensure sufficient availability of seats in 
the public schools the local educational agency will make available for public school choice op-tions; 
‘‘(4) determine the requirements or criteria for 
student eligibility for direct student services; 
‘‘(5) select a variety of providers of high-qual-
ity academic tutoring from the State-approved list required under subsection (f)(2) and ensure fair negotiations in selecting such providers of high-quality academic tutoring, including on-line, on campus, and other models of tutoring which provide meaningful choices to parents to find the best service for their child; and 
‘‘(6) develop an estimated per pupil expendi-
ture available for eligible students to use toward high-quality academic tutoring which shall allow for an adequate level of services to in-crease academic achievement from a variety of high-quality academic tutoring providers. 
‘‘(f) P
ROVIDERS AND SCHOOLS .—The State— 
‘‘(1) shall ensure that each local educational 
agency receiving an award to provide public school choice can provide a sufficient number of options to provide a meaningful choice for par-ents; 
‘‘(2) shall compile a list of State-approved 
high-quality academic tutoring providers that includes online, on campus, and other models of tutoring; and 
‘‘(3) shall ensure that each local educational 
agency receiving an award will provide an ade-quate number of high-quality academic tutoring options to ensure parents have a meaningful choice of services.’’. 
SEC. 106. STATE ADMINISTRATION. 
Section 1004 (20 U.S.C. 6304) is amended to 
read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 1004. STATE ADMINISTRATION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-
section (b), to carry out administrative duties assigned under subparts 1, 2, and 3 of part A of this title, each State may reserve the greater of— 
‘‘(1) 1 percent of the amounts received under 
such subparts; or 
‘‘(2) $400,000 ($50,000 in the case of each out-
lying area). 
‘‘(b) E
XCEPTION .—If the sum of the amounts 
reserved under subparts 1, 2, and 3 of part A of this title is equal to or greater than $14,000,000,000, then the reservation described in subsection (a)(1) shall not exceed 1 percent of the amount the State would receive if $14,000,000,000 were allocated among the States for subparts 1, 2, and 3 of part A of this title.’’. 
Subtitle B—Improving the Academic 
Achievement of the Disadvantaged 
SEC. 111. PART A HEADINGS. 
(a) P ARTHEADING .—The part heading for part 
A of title I (20 U.S.C. 6311 et seq.) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘PART A—IMPROVING THE ACADEMIC 
ACHIEVEMENT OF THE DISADVANTAGED’’. 
(b) S
UBPART 1 HEADING .—The Act is amended 
by striking the subpart heading for subpart 1 of part A of title I (20 U.S.C. 6311 et seq.) and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘Subpart 1—Improving Basic Programs 
Operated by Local Educational Agencies 
‘‘CHAPTER A—BASIC PROGRAM 
REQUIREMENTS’’. 
(c) S UBPART 2 HEADING .—The Act is amended 
by striking the subpart heading for subpart 2 of part A of title I (20 U.S.C. 6331 et seq.) and in-serting the following: 
‘‘CHAPTER B—ALLOCATIONS’’. 
SEC. 112. STATE PLANS. 
Section 1111 (20 U.S.C. 6311) is amended to 
read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 1111. STATE PLANS. 
‘‘(a) F ILING FOR GRANTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—For any State desiring to 
receive a grant under this subpart, the State educational agency file with the Secretary a plan, developed by the State educational agen-cy, in consultation with local educational agen-cies, teachers, school leaders, public charter school representatives, specialized instructional support personnel, other appropriate school per-sonnel, parents, private sector employers, entre-preneurs, and representatives of Indian tribes located in the State, that satisfies the require-ments of this section and that is coordinated with other programs under this Act, the Individ-uals with Disabilities Education Act, the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006, the Head Start Act, the Adult Education and Family Literacy Act, and the McKinney- Vento Homeless Assistance Act. 
‘‘(2) C
ONSOLIDATED PLAN .—A State plan sub-
mitted under paragraph (1) may be submitted as part of a consolidated plan under section 6302. 
‘‘(b) A
CADEMIC STANDARDS , ACADEMIC ASSESS -
MENTS , ANDSTATE ACCOUNTABILITY .— 
‘‘(1) A CADEMIC STANDARDS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each State plan shall dem-
onstrate that the State has adopted academic content standards and academic achievement standards aligned with such content standards that comply with the requirements of this para-graph. 
‘‘(B) S
UBJECTS .—The State shall have such 
academic standards for mathematics, reading or language arts, and science, and may have such standards for any other subject determined by the State. 
‘‘(C) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The standards de-
scribed in subparagraph (A) shall— 
‘‘(i) apply to all public schools and public 
school students in the State; and 
‘‘(ii) with respect to academic achievement 
standards, include the same knowledge, skills, and levels of achievement expected of all public school students in the State. 
‘‘(D) A
LTERNATE ACADEMIC ACHIEVEMENT  
STANDARDS .—Notwithstanding any other provi-
sion of this paragraph, a State retains the right, through a documented and validated standards- setting process, to adopt alternate academic achievement standards for students with the most significant cognitive disabilities, if— 
‘‘(i) the determination about whether the 
achievement of an individual student should be measured against such standards is made sepa-rately for each student; and 
‘‘(ii) such standards— ‘‘(I) are aligned with the State academic 
standards required under subparagraph (A); 
‘‘(II) promote access to the general cur-
riculum; and 
‘‘(III) reflect professional judgment as to the 
highest possible standards achievable by such students. 
‘‘(E) E
NGLISH LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY STAND -
ARDS.—Each State plan shall describe how the 
State educational agency will establish English language proficiency standards that are— 
‘‘(i) derived from the four recognized domains 
of speaking, listening, reading, and writing; and 
‘‘(ii) aligned with the State’s academic con-
tent standards in reading or language arts under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(2) A
CADEMIC ASSESSMENTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each State plan shall dem-
onstrate that the State educational agency, in consultation with local educational agencies, has implemented a set of high-quality student academic assessments in mathematics, reading or language arts, and science. The State retains the right to implement such assessments in any other subject chosen by the State. 
‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Such assessments 
shall— 
‘‘(i) in the case of mathematics and reading or 
language arts, be used in determining the per-formance of each local educational agency and public school in the State in accordance with the State’s accountability system under para-graph (3); 
‘‘(ii) be the same academic assessments used to 
measure the academic achievement of all public school students in the State; 
‘‘(iii) be aligned with the State’s academic 
standards and provide coherent and timely in-formation about student attainment of such standards; 
‘‘(iv) be used for purposes for which such as-
sessments are valid and reliable, be of adequate technical quality for each purpose required under this Act, and be consistent with relevant, nationally recognized professional and technical standards; 
‘‘(v)(I) in the case of mathematics and reading 
or language arts, be administered in each of grades 3 through 8 and at least once in grades 9 through 12; 
‘‘(II) in the case of science, be administered 
not less than one time during— 
‘‘(aa) grades 3 through 5; ‘‘(bb) grades 6 through 9; and ‘‘(cc) grades 10 through 12; and ‘‘(III) in the case of any other subject chosen 
by the State, be administered at the discretion of the State; 
‘‘(vi) measure individual student academic 
proficiency and, at the State’s discretion, growth; 
‘‘(vii) at the State’s discretion— ‘‘(I) be administered through a single annual 
summative assessment; or 
‘‘(II) be administered through multiple assess-
ments during the course of the academic year that result in a single summative score that pro-vides valid, reliable, and transparent informa-tion on student achievement; 
‘‘(viii) include measures that assess higher- 
order thinking skills and understanding; 
‘‘(ix) provide for— ‘‘(I) the participation in such assessments of 
all students; 
‘‘(II) the reasonable adaptations and accom-
modations for students with disabilities nec-essary to measure the academic achievement of such students relative to the State’s academic standards; and 
‘‘(III) the inclusion of English learners, who 
shall be assessed in a valid and reliable manner and provided reasonable accommodations, in-cluding, to the extent practicable, assessments in the language and form most likely to yield accurate and reliable information on what such students know and can do in academic content areas, until such students have achieved English language proficiency, as assessed by the State under subparagraph (D); 
‘‘(x) notwithstanding clause (ix)(III), provide 
for the assessment of reading or language arts in English for English learners who have at-tended school in the United States (not includ-ing Puerto Rico) for 3 or more consecutive school years, except that a local educational agency may, on a case-by-case basis, provide for the assessment of reading or language arts for each such student in a language other than English for a period not to exceed 2 additional consecutive years if the assessment would be more likely to yield accurate and reliable infor-mation on what such student knows and can do, provided that such student has not yet reached a level of English language proficiency 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.015 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1197 February 26, 2015 
sufficient to yield valid and reliable information 
on what such student knows and can do on reading or language arts assessments written in English; 
‘‘(xi) produce individual student interpretive, 
descriptive, and diagnostic reports regarding achievement on such assessments that allow parents, teachers, and school leaders to under-stand and address the specific academic needs of students, and that are provided to parents, teachers, and school leaders, as soon as is prac-ticable after the assessment is given, in an un-derstandable and uniform format, and to the ex-tent practicable, in a language that parents can understand; 
‘‘(xii) enable results to be disaggregated with-
in each State, local educational agency, and school by gender, by each major racial and eth-nic group, by English language proficiency sta-tus, by migrant status, by status as a student with a disability, by status as a student with a parent who is an active duty member of the Armed Forces (as defined in section 101(a)(4) of title 10, United States Code), and by economi-cally disadvantaged status, except that, in the case of a local educational agency or a school, such disaggregation shall not be required in a case in which the number of students in a cat-egory is insufficient to yield statistically reliable information or the results would reveal person-ally identifiable information about an indi-vidual student; 
‘‘(xiii) be administered to not less than 95 per-
cent of all students, and not less than 95 percent of each subgroup of students described in para-graph (3)(B)(ii)(II); and 
‘‘(xiv) where practicable, be developed using 
the principles of universal design for learning as defined in section 103(24) of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1003(24)). 
‘‘(C) A
LTERNATE ASSESSMENTS .—A State may 
provide for alternate assessments aligned with 
the alternate academic standards adopted in ac-cordance with paragraph (1)(D), for students with the most significant cognitive disabilities, if the State— 
‘‘(i) establishes and monitors implementation 
of clear and appropriate guidelines for individ-ualized education program teams (as defined in section 614(d)(1)(B) of the Individuals with Dis-abilities Education Act) to apply when deter-mining, on an annual and subject-by-subject basis, when a child’s significant cognitive dis-ability justifies assessment based on alternate achievement standards; 
‘‘(ii) ensures that the parents of such students 
are clearly informed, as part of the process for developing the Individualized Education Pro-gram (as defined in section 614(d)(1)(A) of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1414(d)(1)(A)), that— 
‘‘(I) their child’s academic achievement will be 
measured against such alternate standards; and 
‘‘(II) whether participation in such assess-
ments precludes the student from completing the requirements for a regular high school diploma as defined in section 6101(36)(A); 
‘‘(iii) ensures that students with the most sig-
nificant cognitive disabilities who take an alter-nate assessment based on alternate academic achievement standards are not precluded from attempting to complete the requirements for a regular secondary school diploma, as determined by the State; 
‘‘(iv) demonstrates that such students are, to 
the extent practicable, included in the general curriculum and that such alternate assessments are aligned with such curriculum; 
‘‘(v) develops, disseminates information about, 
and promotes the use of appropriate accom-modations to increase the number of students with disabilities who are tested against aca-demic achievement standards for the grade in which a student is enrolled; and 
‘‘(vi) ensures that regular and special edu-
cation teachers and other appropriate staff know how to administer the alternate assess-ments, including making appropriate use of ac-commodations for students with disabilities. ‘‘(D) A
SSESSMENTS OF ENGLISH LANGUAGE PRO -
FICIENCY .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Each State plan shall dem-
onstrate that local educational agencies in the State will provide for an annual assessment of English proficiency of all English learners in the schools served by the State educational agency. 
‘‘(ii) A
LIGNMENT .—The assessments described 
in clause (i) shall be aligned with the State’s English language proficiency standards de-scribed in paragraph (1)(E). 
‘‘(E) L
ANGUAGE ASSESSMENTS .—Each State 
plan shall identify the languages other than English that are present in the participating student population and indicate the languages for which yearly student academic assessments are not available and are needed. The State shall make every effort to develop such assess-ments and may request assistance from the Sec-retary if linguistically accessible academic as-sessment measures are needed. Upon request, the Secretary shall assist with the identification of appropriate academic assessment measures in the needed languages, but shall not mandate a specific academic assessment or mode of instruc-tion. 
‘‘(F) A
DAPTIVE ASSESSMENTS .—A State retains 
the right to develop and administer computer adaptive assessments as the assessments re-quired under subparagraph (A). If a State devel-ops and administers a computer adaptive assess-ment for such purposes, the assessment shall meet the requirements of this paragraph, except as follows: 
‘‘(i) Notwithstanding subparagraph (B)(iii), 
the assessment— 
‘‘(I) shall measure, at a minimum, each stu-
dent’s academic proficiency against the State’s academic standards for the student’s grade level and growth toward such standards; and 
‘‘(II) if the State chooses, may be used to 
measure the student’s level of academic pro-ficiency and growth using assessment items above or below the student’s grade level, includ-ing for use as part of a State’s accountability system under paragraph (3). 
‘‘(ii) Subparagraph (B)(ii) shall not be inter-
preted to require that all students taking the computer adaptive assessment be administered the same assessment items. 
‘‘(3) S
TATE ACCOUNTABILITY SYSTEMS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each State plan shall dem-
onstrate that the State has developed and is im-plementing a single, statewide accountability system to ensure that all public school students graduate from high school prepared for postsec-ondary education or the workforce without the need for remediation. 
‘‘(B) E
LEMENTS .—Each State accountability 
system described in subparagraph (A) shall at a minimum— 
‘‘(i) annually measure the academic achieve-
ment of all public school students in the State against the State’s mathematics and reading or language arts academic standards adopted under paragraph (1), which may include meas-ures of student growth toward such standards, using the mathematics and reading or language arts assessments described in paragraph (2)(B) and other valid and reliable academic indicators related to student achievement as identified by the State; 
‘‘(ii) annually evaluate and identify the aca-
demic performance of each public school in the State based on— 
‘‘(I) student academic achievement as meas-
ured in accordance with clause (i); 
‘‘(II) the overall performance, and achieve-
ment gaps as compared to all students in the school, for economically disadvantaged stu-dents, students from major racial and ethnic groups, students with disabilities, and English learners, except that disaggregation of data under this subclause shall not be required in a case in which the number of students in a cat-egory is insufficient to yield statistically reliable information or the results would reveal person-ally identifiable information about an indi-
vidual student; and 
‘‘(III) other measures of school success; and ‘‘(iii) include a system for school improvement 
for low-performing public schools receiving funds under this subpart that— 
‘‘(I) implements interventions in such schools 
that are designed to address such schools’ weak-nesses; and 
‘‘(II) is implemented by local educational 
agencies serving such schools. 
‘‘(C) P
ROHIBITION .—Nothing in this section 
shall be construed to permit the Secretary to es-tablish any criteria that specifies, defines, or prescribes any aspect of a State’s accountability system developed and implemented in accord-ance with this paragraph. 
‘‘(D) A
CCOUNTABILITY FOR CHARTER  
SCHOOLS .—The accountability provisions under 
this Act shall be overseen for charter schools in accordance with State charter school law. 
‘‘(E) R
ECENTLY ARRIVED ENGLISH LEARNERS .— 
A State may delay inclusion of the academic achievement of English learners for purposes of the evaluation and identification described in subparagraph (B)(ii) if such students have at-tended schools in the 50 states or the District of Columbia for less than two years (in the case of mathematics) and less than three years (in the case of reading or language arts), except that if the State uses growth calculations as described in clause (i) of such subparagraph in such eval-uation and identification, the State shall in-clude such students in such calculations. 
‘‘(4) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Each State plan shall 
describe— 
‘‘(A) how the State educational agency will 
assist each local educational agency and each public school affected by the State plan to com-ply with the requirements of this subpart, in-cluding how the State educational agency will work with local educational agencies to provide technical assistance; and 
‘‘(B) how the State educational agency will 
ensure that the results of the State assessments described in paragraph (2), the other indicators selected by the State under paragraph (3)(B)(i), and the school evaluations described in para-graph (3)(B)(ii), will be promptly provided to local educational agencies, schools, teachers, and parents in a manner that is clear and easy to understand, but not later than before the be-ginning of the school year following the school year in which such assessments, other indica-tors, or evaluations are taken or completed. 
‘‘(5) T
IMELINE FOR IMPLEMENTATION .—Each 
State plan shall describe the process by which the State will adopt and implement the State academic standards, assessments, and account-ability system required under this section within 2 years of enactment of the Student Success Act. 
‘‘(6) E
XISTING STANDARDS .—Nothing in this 
subpart shall prohibit a State from revising, consistent with this section, any standard adopted under this section before or after the date of the enactment of the Student Success Act. 
‘‘(7) E
XISTING STATE LAW .—Nothing in this 
section shall be construed to alter any State law or regulation granting parents authority over schools that repeatedly failed to make adequate yearly progress under this section, as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of the Student Success Act. 
‘‘(c) O
THER PROVISIONS TOSUPPORT TEACH-
ING AND LEARNING .—Each State plan shall con-
tain assurances that— 
‘‘(1) the State will notify local educational 
agencies, schools, teachers, parents, and the public of the academic standards, academic as-sessments, and State accountability system de-veloped and implemented under this section; 
‘‘(2) the State will participate in biennial 
State academic assessments of 4th and 8th grade reading and mathematics under the National Assessment of Educational Progress carried out under section 303(b)(2) of the National Assess-ment of Educational Progress Authorization Act 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.015 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1198 February 26, 2015 
if the Secretary pays the costs of administering 
such assessments; 
‘‘(3) the State educational agency will notify 
local educational agencies and the public of the authority to operate schoolwide programs; 
‘‘(4) the State educational agency will provide 
the least restrictive and burdensome regulations for local educational agencies and individual schools participating in a program assisted under this subpart; 
‘‘(5) the State educational agency will encour-
age schools to consolidate funds from other Fed-eral, State, and local sources for schoolwide re-form in schoolwide programs under section 1114; 
‘‘(6) the State educational agency will modify 
or eliminate State fiscal and accounting barriers so that schools can easily consolidate funds from other Federal, State, and local sources for schoolwide programs under section 1114; and 
‘‘(7) the State educational agency will inform 
local educational agencies in the State of the local educational agency’s authority to transfer funds under section 1002 and to obtain waivers under section 6401. 
‘‘(d) P
ARENTAL INVOLVEMENT .—Each State 
plan shall describe how the State educational agency will support the collection and dissemi-nation to local educational agencies and schools of effective parental involvement practices. Such practices shall— 
‘‘(1) be based on the most current research 
that meets the highest professional and tech-nical standards on effective parental involve-ment that fosters achievement to high standards for all children; 
‘‘(2) be geared toward lowering barriers to 
greater participation by parents in school plan-ning, review, and improvement; and 
‘‘(3) be coordinated with programs funded 
under subpart 3 of part A of title III. 
‘‘(e) P
EER REVIEW AND SECRETARIAL AP-
PROVAL .— 
‘‘(1) E STABLISHMENT .—Notwithstanding sec-
tion 6543, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) establish a peer-review process to assist 
in the review of State plans; and 
‘‘(B) appoint individuals to the peer-review 
process who are representative of parents, teachers, State educational agencies, local edu-cational agencies, and private sector employers (including representatives of entrepreneurial ventures), and who are familiar with edu-cational standards, assessments, accountability, the needs of low-performing schools, and other educational needs of students, and ensure that 65 percent of such appointees are practitioners and 10 percent are representatives of private sector employers. 
‘‘(2) A
PPROVAL .—The Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) approve a State plan within 120 days of 
its submission; 
‘‘(B) disapprove of the State plan only if the 
Secretary demonstrates how the State plan fails to meet the requirements of this section and im-mediately notifies the State of such determina-tion and the reasons for such determination; 
‘‘(C) not decline to approve a State’s plan be-
fore— 
‘‘(i) offering the State an opportunity to revise 
its plan; 
‘‘(ii) providing technical assistance in order to 
assist the State to meet the requirements of this section; and 
‘‘(iii) providing a hearing; and ‘‘(D) have the authority to disapprove a State 
plan for not meeting the requirements of this subpart, but shall not have the authority to re-quire a State, as a condition of approval of the State plan, to include in, or delete from, such plan one or more specific elements of the State’s academic standards or State accountability sys-tem, or to use specific academic assessments or other indicators. 
‘‘(3) S
TATE REVISIONS .—A State plan shall be 
revised by the State educational agency if it is necessary to satisfy the requirements of this sec-tion. 
‘‘(4) P
UBLIC REVIEW .—All communications, 
feedback, and notifications under this sub-section shall be conducted in a manner that is 
immediately made available to the public through the website of the Department, includ-ing— 
‘‘(A) peer review guidance; ‘‘(B) the names of the peer reviewers; ‘‘(C) State plans submitted or resubmitted by a 
State, including the current approved plans; 
‘‘(D) peer review notes; ‘‘(E) State plan determinations by the Sec-
retary, including approvals or disapprovals, and any deviations from the peer reviewers’ rec-ommendations with an explanation of the devi-ation; and 
‘‘(F) hearings. ‘‘(5) P
ROHIBITION .—The Secretary, and the 
Secretary’s staff, may not attempt to participate in, or influence, the peer review process. No Federal employee may participate in, or attempt to influence the peer review process, except to respond to questions of a technical nature, which shall be publicly reported. 
‘‘(6) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—A State plan 
shall be presumed approved upon submission unless the Secretary finds that the plan does not meet one of the required elements, but in no case shall a deficiency be found due to the content of the material submitted. 
‘‘(f) D
URATION OF THE PLAN.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each State plan shall— 
‘‘(A) remain in effect for the duration of the 
State’s participation under this subpart; and 
‘‘(B) be periodically reviewed and revised as 
necessary by the State educational agency to re-flect changes in the State’s strategies and pro-grams under this subpart. 
‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL INFORMATION .—If a State 
makes significant changes to its State plan, such as the adoption of new State academic standards or new academic assessments, or adopts a new State accountability system, such information shall be submitted to the Secretary under subsection (e)(2) for approval. 
‘‘(g) F
AILURE TOMEETREQUIREMENTS .—If a 
State fails to meet any of the requirements of this section then the Secretary shall withhold funds for State administration under this sub-part until the Secretary determines that the State has fulfilled those requirements. 
‘‘(h) R
EPORTS .— 
‘‘(1) A NNUAL STATE REPORT CARD .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A State that receives as-
sistance under this subpart shall prepare and disseminate an annual State report card. Such dissemination shall include, at a minimum, pub-licly posting the report card on the home page of the State educational agency’s website. 
‘‘(B) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The State report card 
shall be— 
‘‘(i) concise; and ‘‘(ii) presented in an understandable and uni-
form format that is developed in consultation with parents and, to the extent practicable, pro-vided in a language that parents can under-stand. 
‘‘(C) R
EQUIRED INFORMATION .—The State 
shall include in its annual State report card in-formation on— 
‘‘(i) the performance of students, in the aggre-
gate and disaggregated by the categories of stu-dents described in subsection (b)(2)(B)(xii) (ex-cept that such disaggregation shall not be re-quired in a case in which the number of stu-dents in a category is insufficient to yield statis-tically reliable information or the results would reveal personally identifiable information about an individual student), on the State academic assessments described in subsection (b)(2); 
‘‘(ii) the participation rate on such assess-
ments, in the aggregate and disaggregated in ac-cordance with clause (i); 
‘‘(iii) the performance of students, in the ag-
gregate and disaggregated in accordance with clause (i), on other academic indicators de-scribed in subsection (b)(3)(B)(i); 
‘‘(iv) the number, percentage, and disability 
category of students with significant cognitive disabilities participating in the alternate assess-ments described in subsection (b)(2)(C) (except 
that such reporting shall not be required in a case in which the results would reveal person-ally identifiable information about an indi-vidual student); 
‘‘(v) for each public high school in the State, 
in the aggregate and disaggregated in accord-ance with clause (i)— 
‘‘(I) the four-year adjusted cohort graduation 
rate, and 
‘‘(II) if applicable, the extended-year adjusted 
cohort graduation rate, reported separately for students graduating in 5 years or less, students graduating in 6 years or less, and students grad-uating in 7 or more years; 
‘‘(vi) each public school’s evaluation results 
as determined in accordance with subsection (b)(3)(B)(ii); 
‘‘(vii) the acquisition of English proficiency by 
English learners; 
‘‘(viii) if appropriate, as determined by the 
State, the number and percentage of teachers in each category established under section 2123(1), except that such information shall not reveal personally identifiable information about an in-dividual teacher; and 
‘‘(ix) the results of the assessments described 
in subsection (c)(2). 
‘‘(D) O
PTIONAL INFORMATION .—The State may 
include in its annual State report card such other information as the State believes will best provide parents, students, and other members of the public with information regarding the progress of each of the State’s public elementary schools and public secondary schools, such as the number of students enrolled in each public secondary school in the State attaining career and technical proficiencies, as defined in section 113(b)(2)(A) of the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006, and reported by the State in a manner consistent with section 113(c) of such Act. 
‘‘(E) D
ATA.—All personal, private student 
data shall be prohibited from use beyond assess-ing student performance as provided for in sub-paragraph (C). The State’s annual report shall only use such data as sufficient to yield statis-tically reliable information, and does not reveal personally identifiable information about indi-vidual students. 
‘‘(2) A
NNUAL LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY RE -
PORT CARDS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A local educational agency 
that receives assistance under this subpart shall prepare and disseminate an annual local edu-cational agency report card. 
‘‘(B) M
INIMUM REQUIREMENTS .—The State 
educational agency shall ensure that each local educational agency collects appropriate data and includes in the local educational agency’s annual report the information described in paragraph (1)(C) as applied to the local edu-cational agency and each school served by the local educational agency, and— 
‘‘(i) in the case of a local educational agency, 
information that shows how students served by the local educational agency achieved on the statewide academic assessment and other aca-demic indicators adopted in accordance with subsection (b)(3)(B)(i) compared to students in the State as a whole; and 
‘‘(ii) in the case of a school, the school’s eval-
uation under subsection (b)(3)(B)(ii). 
‘‘(C) O
THER INFORMATION .—A local edu-
cational agency may include in its annual local educational agency report card any other ap-propriate information, whether or not such in-formation is included in the annual State report card. 
‘‘(D) D
ATA.—A local educational agency or 
school shall only include in its annual local educational agency report card data that are sufficient to yield statistically reliable informa-tion, as determined by the State, and that do not reveal personally identifiable information about an individual student. 
‘‘(E) P
UBLIC DISSEMINATION .—The local edu-
cational agency shall publicly disseminate the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.015 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1199 February 26, 2015 
information described in this paragraph to all 
schools served by the local educational agency and to all parents of students attending those schools in an understandable and uniform for-mat, and, to the extent practicable, in a lan-guage that parents can understand, and make the information widely available through public means, such as posting on the Internet, distribu-tion to the media, and distribution through pub-lic agencies, except that if a local educational agency issues a report card for all students, the local educational agency may include the infor-mation under this section as part of such report. 
‘‘(3) P
REEXISTING REPORT CARDS .—A State 
educational agency or local educational agency may use public report cards on the performance of students, schools, local educational agencies, or the State, that were in effect prior to the en-actment of the Student Success Act for the pur-pose of this subsection, so long as any such re-port card is modified, as may be needed, to con-tain the information required by this subsection, and protects the privacy of individual students. 
‘‘(4) P
ARENTS RIGHT -TO-KNOW .— 
‘‘(A) A CHIEVEMENT INFORMATION .—At the be-
ginning of each school year, a school that re-ceives funds under this subpart shall provide to each individual parent information on the level of achievement of the parent’s child in each of the State academic assessments and other aca-demic indicators adopted in accordance with this subpart. 
‘‘(B) F
ORMAT .—The notice and information 
provided to parents under this paragraph shall be in an understandable and uniform format and, to the extent practicable, provided in a language that the parents can understand. 
‘‘(i) P
RIVACY .—Information collected under 
this section shall be collected and disseminated in a manner that protects the privacy of individ-uals consistent with section 444 of the General Education Provisions Act and this Act. 
‘‘(j) V
OLUNTARY PARTNERSHIPS .—A State re-
tains the right to enter into a voluntary part-nership with another State to develop and im-plement the academic standards and assess-ments required under this section, except that the Secretary shall not, either directly or indi-rectly, attempt to influence, incentivize, or co-erce State— 
‘‘(1) adoption of the Common Core State 
Standards developed under the Common Core State Standards Initiative, any other academic standards common to a significant number of States, or assessments tied to such standards; or 
‘‘(2) participation in any such partnerships. 
‘‘(k) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this part 
shall be construed to prescribe the use of the academic assessments described in this part for student promotion or graduation purposes. 
‘‘(l) S
PECIAL RULEWITHRESPECT TOBUREAU - 
FUNDED SCHOOLS .—In determining the assess-
ments to be used by each school operated or funded by the Bureau of Indian Education re-ceiving funds under this subpart, the following shall apply: 
‘‘(1) Each such school that is accredited by 
the State in which it is operating shall use the assessments and other academic indicators the State has developed and implemented to meet the requirements of this section, or such other appropriate assessment and academic indicators as approved by the Secretary of the Interior. 
‘‘(2) Each such school that is accredited by a 
regional accrediting organization shall adopt an appropriate assessment and other academic in-dicators, in consultation with and with the ap-proval of, the Secretary of the Interior and con-sistent with assessments and academic indica-tors adopted by other schools in the same State or region, that meet the requirements of this sec-tion. 
‘‘(3) Each such school that is accredited by a 
tribal accrediting agency or tribal division of education shall use an assessment and other academic indicators developed by such agency or division, except that the Secretary of the In-terior shall ensure that such assessment and academic indicators meet the requirements of 
this section.’’. 
SEC. 113. LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY PLANS. 
Section 1112 (20 U.S.C. 6312) is amended to 
read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 1112. LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY PLANS. 
‘‘(a) P LANS REQUIRED .— 
‘‘(1) S UBGRANTS .—A local educational agency 
may receive a subgrant under this subpart for any fiscal year only if such agency has on file with the State educational agency a plan, ap-proved by the State educational agency, that is coordinated with other programs under this Act, the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act, the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Edu-cation Act of 2006, the McKinney-Vento Home-less Assistance Act, and other Acts, as appro-priate. 
‘‘(2) C
ONSOLIDATED APPLICATION .—The plan 
may be submitted as part of a consolidated ap-plication under section 6305. 
‘‘(b) P
LAN PROVISIONS .—Each local edu-
cational agency plan shall describe— 
‘‘(1) how the local educational agency will 
monitor, in addition to the State assessments de-scribed in section 1111(b)(2), students’ progress in meeting the State’s academic standards; 
‘‘(2) how the local educational agency will 
identify quickly and effectively those students who may be at risk of failing to meet the State’s academic standards; 
‘‘(3) how the local educational agency will 
provide additional educational assistance to in-dividual students in need of additional help in meeting the State’s academic standards; 
‘‘(4) how the local educational agency will im-
plement the school improvement system de-scribed in section 1111(b)(3)(B)(iii) for any of the agency’s schools identified under such section; 
‘‘(5) how the local educational agency will co-
ordinate programs under this subpart with other programs under this Act and other Acts, as ap-propriate; 
‘‘(6) the poverty criteria that will be used to 
select school attendance areas under section 1113; 
‘‘(7) how teachers, in consultation with par-
ents, administrators, and specialized instruc-tional support personnel, in targeted assistance schools under section 1115, will identify the eli-gible children most in need of services under this subpart; 
‘‘(8) in general, the nature of the programs to 
be conducted by the local educational agency’s schools under sections 1114 and 1115, and, where appropriate, educational services outside such schools for children living in local institutions for neglected and delinquent children, and for neglected and delinquent children in community day school programs; 
‘‘(9) how the local educational agency will en-
sure that migratory children who are eligible to receive services under this subpart are selected to receive such services on the same basis as other children who are selected to receive serv-ices under this subpart; 
‘‘(10) the services the local educational agency 
will provide homeless children, including serv-ices provided with funds reserved under section 1113(c)(3)(A); 
‘‘(11) the strategy the local educational agen-
cy will use to implement effective parental in-volvement under section 1118; 
‘‘(12) if appropriate, how the local edu-
cational agency will use funds under this sub-part to support preschool programs for children, particularly children participating in a Head Start program, which services may be provided directly by the local educational agency or through a subcontract with the local Head Start agency designated by the Secretary of Health and Human Services under section 641 of the Head Start Act, or another comparable early childhood development program; 
‘‘(13) how the local educational agency, 
through incentives for voluntary transfers, the provision of professional development, recruit-ment programs, incentive pay, performance pay, 
or other effective strategies, will address dispari-ties in the rates of low-income and minority stu-dents and other students being taught by inef-fective teachers; 
‘‘(14) if appropriate, how the local edu-
cational agency will use funds under this sub-part to support programs that coordinate and integrate— 
‘‘(A) career and technical education aligned 
with State technical standards that promote skills attainment important to in-demand occu-pations or industries in the State and the State’s academic standards under section 1111(b)(1); and 
‘‘(B) work-based learning opportunities that 
provide students in-depth interaction with in-dustry professionals; and 
‘‘(15) if appropriate, how the local edu-
cational agency will use funds under this sub-part to support dual enrollment programs, early college high schools, and Advanced Placement or International Baccalaureate programs. 
‘‘(c) A
SSURANCES .—Each local educational 
agency plan shall provide assurances that the local educational agency will— 
‘‘(1) participate, if selected, in biennial State 
academic assessments of 4th and 8th grade read-ing and mathematics under the National Assess-ment of Educational Progress carried out under section 303(b)(2) of the National Assessment of Educational Progress Authorization Act; 
‘‘(2) inform schools of schoolwide program au-
thority and the ability to consolidate funds from Federal, State, and local sources; 
‘‘(3) provide technical assistance to 
schoolwide programs; 
‘‘(4) provide services to eligible children at-
tending private elementary and secondary schools in accordance with section 1120, and timely and meaningful consultation with private school officials or representatives regarding such services; 
‘‘(5) in the case of a local educational agency 
that chooses to use funds under this subpart to provide early childhood development services to low-income children below the age of compul-sory school attendance, ensure that such serv-ices comply with the performance standards es-tablished under section 641A(a) of the Head Start Act; 
‘‘(6) inform eligible schools of the local edu-
cational agency’s authority to request waivers on the school’s behalf under title VI; and 
‘‘(7) ensure that the results of the academic 
assessments required under section 1111(b)(2) will be provided to parents and teachers as soon as is practicably possible after the test is taken, in an understandable and uniform format and, to the extent practicable, provided in a language that the parents can understand. 
‘‘(d) S
PECIAL RULE.—In carrying out sub-
section (c)(5), the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) consult with the Secretary of Health and 
Human Services and shall establish procedures (taking into consideration existing State and local laws, and local teacher contracts) to assist local educational agencies to comply with such subparagraph; and 
‘‘(2) disseminate to local educational agencies 
the education performance standards in effect under section 641A(a) of the Head Start Act, and such agencies affected by such subsection shall plan for the implementation of such sub-section (taking into consideration existing State and local laws, and local teacher contracts). 
‘‘(e) P
LANDEVELOPMENT AND DURATION .— 
‘‘(1) C ONSULTATION .—Each local educational 
agency plan shall be developed in consultation with teachers, school leaders, public charter school representatives, administrators, and other appropriate school personnel, and with parents of children in schools served under this subpart. 
‘‘(2) D
URATION .—Each such plan shall be sub-
mitted for the first year for which this part is in effect following the date of the enactment of this Act and shall remain in effect for the duration of the agency’s participation under this subpart. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.015 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1200 February 26, 2015 
‘‘(3) R EVIEW .—Each local educational agency 
shall periodically review and, as necessary, re-vise its plan. 
‘‘(f) S
TATE APPROVAL .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each local educational 
agency plan shall be filed according to a sched-ule established by the State educational agency. 
‘‘(2) A
PPROVAL .—The State educational agen-
cy shall approve a local educational agency’s plan only if the State educational agency deter-mines that the local educational agency’s plan— 
‘‘(A) enables schools served under this subpart 
to substantially help children served under this subpart to meet the State’s academic standards described in section 1111(b)(1); and 
‘‘(B) meets the requirements of this section. ‘‘(3) R
EVIEW .—The State educational agency 
shall review the local educational agency’s plan to determine if such agency’s activities are in accordance with section 1118. 
‘‘(g) P
ARENTAL NOTIFICATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each local educational 
agency using funds under this subpart and sub-part 4 to provide a language instruction edu-cational program shall, not later than 30 days after the beginning of the school year, inform parents of an English learner identified for par-ticipation, or participating in, such a program of— 
‘‘(A) the reasons for the identification of their 
child as an English learner and in need of placement in a language instruction educational program; 
‘‘(B) the child’s level of English proficiency, 
how such level was assessed, and the status of the child’s academic achievement; 
‘‘(C) the methods of instruction used in the 
program in which their child is, or will be par-ticipating, and the methods of instruction used in other available programs, including how such programs differ in content, instructional goals, and the use of English and a native language in instruction; 
‘‘(D) how the program in which their child is, 
or will be participating, will meet the edu-cational strengths and needs of their child; 
‘‘(E) how such program will specifically help 
their child learn English, and meet age-appro-priate academic achievement standards for grade promotion and graduation; 
‘‘(F) the specific exit requirements for the pro-
gram, including the expected rate of transition from such program into classrooms that are not tailored for English learners, and the expected rate of graduation from high school for such program if funds under this subpart are used for children in secondary schools; 
‘‘(G) in the case of a child with a disability, 
how such program meets the objectives of the in-dividualized education program of the child; and 
‘‘(H) information pertaining to parental rights 
that includes written guidance— 
‘‘(i) detailing— ‘‘(I) the right that parents have to have their 
child immediately removed from such program upon their request; and 
‘‘(II) the options that parents have to decline 
to enroll their child in such program or to choose another program or method of instruc-tion, if available; and 
‘‘(ii) assisting parents in selecting among var-
ious programs and methods of instruction, if more than one program or method is offered by the eligible entity. 
‘‘(2) N
OTICE .—The notice and information 
provided in paragraph (1) to parents of a child identified for participation in a language in-struction educational program for English learners shall be in an understandable and uni-form format and, to the extent practicable, pro-vided in a language that the parents can under-stand. 
‘‘(3) S
PECIAL RULE APPLICABLE DURING THE  
SCHOOL YEAR .—For those children who have not 
been identified as English learners prior to the beginning of the school year the local edu-cational agency shall notify parents within the first 2 weeks of the child being placed in a lan-
guage instruction educational program con-sistent with paragraphs (1) and (2). 
‘‘(4) P
ARENTAL PARTICIPATION .—Each local 
educational agency receiving funds under this subpart shall implement an effective means of outreach to parents of English learners to in-form the parents regarding how the parents can be involved in the education of their children, and be active participants in assisting their chil-dren to attain English proficiency, achieve at high levels in core academic subjects, and meet the State’s academic standards expected of all students, including holding, and sending notice of opportunities for, regular meetings for the purpose of formulating and responding to rec-ommendations from parents of students assisted under this subpart. 
‘‘(5) B
ASIS FOR ADMISSION OR EXCLUSION .—A 
student shall not be admitted to, or excluded from, any federally assisted education program on the basis of a surname or language-minority status.’’. 
SEC. 114. ELIGIBLE SCHOOL ATTENDANCE AREAS. 
Section 1113 (20 U.S.C. 6313) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘part’’ each place it appears 
and inserting ‘‘subpart’’; and 
(2) in subsection (c)(4)— (A) by striking ‘‘subpart 2’’ and inserting 
‘‘chapter B’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘school improvement, correc-
tive action, and restructuring under section 1116(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘school improvement under section 1111(b)(3)(B)(iii)’’. 
SEC. 115. SCHOOLWIDE PROGRAMS. 
Section 1114 (20 U.S.C. 6314) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘part’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-
part’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘in which’’ through ‘‘such 
families’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A)(i), by striking ‘‘part’’ 
and inserting ‘‘subpart’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) by striking ‘‘children with limited English 
proficiency’’ and inserting ‘‘English learners’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘part’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-
part’’; 
(C) in paragraph (3)(B), by striking ‘‘mainte-
nance of effort,’’ after ‘‘private school chil-dren,’’; and 
(D) by striking paragraph (4); (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘(including’’ and all that fol-
lows through ‘‘1309(2))’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘content standards and the 
State student academic achievement standards’’ and inserting ‘‘standards’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘proficient’’ and 
all that follows through ‘‘section 1111(b)(1)(D)’’ and inserting ‘‘academic standards described in section 1111(b)(1)’’; 
(II) in clause (ii), in the matter preceding sub-
clause (I), by striking ‘‘based on scientifically based research’’ and inserting ‘‘evidence- based’’; 
(III) in clause (iii)— (aa) in subclause (I)— (AA) by striking ‘‘student academic achieve-
ment standards’’ and inserting ‘‘academic standards’’; and 
(BB) by striking ‘‘schoolwide program,’’ and 
all that follows through ‘‘technical education programs; and’’ and inserting ‘‘schoolwide pro-grams; and’’; and 
(bb) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘and’’; (IV) in clause (iv)— (aa) by striking ‘‘the State and local improve-
ment plans’’ and inserting ‘‘school improvement strategies’’; and 
(bb) by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; 
and’’; and (V) by adding at the end the following new 
clause: 
‘‘(v) may be delivered by nonprofit or for-prof-
it external providers with expertise in using evi-dence-based or other effective strategies to im-prove student achievement.’’; 
(iii) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘highly 
qualified’’ and inserting ‘‘effective’’; 
(iv) in subparagraph (D)— (I) by striking ‘‘In accordance with section 
1119 and subsection (a)(4), high-quality’’ and inserting ‘‘High-quality’’; 
(II) by striking ‘‘pupil services’’ and inserting 
‘‘specialized instructional support services’’; and 
(III) by striking ‘‘student academic achieve-
ment’’ and inserting ‘‘academic’’; 
(v) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘high- 
quality highly qualified’’ and inserting ‘‘effec-tive’’; 
(vi) in subparagraph (G), by striking ‘‘, such 
as Head Start, Even Start, Early Reading First, or a State-run preschool program,’’; 
(vii) in subparagraph (H), by striking ‘‘section 
1111(b)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1111(b)(2)’’; 
(viii) in subparagraph (I), by striking ‘‘pro-
ficient or advanced levels of academic achieve-ment standards’’ and inserting ‘‘State academic standards’’; and 
(ix) in subparagraph (J), by striking ‘‘voca-
tional’’ and inserting ‘‘career’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) in the matter preceding clause (i)— (aa) by striking ‘‘first develop’’ and all that 
follows through ‘‘2001)’’ and inserting ‘‘have in place’’; and 
(bb) by striking ‘‘and its school support team 
or other technical assistance provider under sec-tion 1117’’; 
(II) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘part’’ and in-
serting ‘‘subpart’’; and 
(III) in clause (iv), by striking ‘‘section 
1111(b)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1111(b)(2)’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) in clause (i)— (aa) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘, after con-
sidering the recommendation of the technical as-sistance providers under section 1117,’’; and 
(bb) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘No Child 
Left Behind Act of 2001’’ and inserting ‘‘Student Success Act’’; 
(II) in clause (ii)— (aa) by striking ‘‘(including administrators of 
programs described in other parts of this title)’’; and 
(bb) by striking ‘‘pupil services’’ and inserting 
‘‘specialized instructional support services’’; 
(III) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘part’’ and in-
serting ‘‘subpart’’; and 
(IV) in clause (v), by striking ‘‘Reading First, 
Early Reading First, Even Start,’’; and 
(3) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking ‘‘part’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-
part’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘6,’’ and all that follows 
through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘6.’’. 
SEC. 116. TARGETED ASSISTANCE SCHOOLS. 
Section 1115 (20 U.S.C. 6315) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘are ineligible for a schoolwide 
program under section 1114, or that’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘operate such’’ and inserting 
‘‘operate’’; and 
(C) by striking ‘‘part’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-
part’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)(B), by striking ‘‘chal-
lenging student academic achievement’’ and in-serting ‘‘academic’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘limited English proficient chil-
dren’’ and inserting ‘‘English learners’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘part’’ each place it appears 
and inserting ‘‘subpart’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.015 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1201 February 26, 2015 
(ii) in subparagraph (B)— 
(I) in the heading, by striking ‘‘, EVEN START , 
OR EARLY READING FIRST ’’; 
(II) by striking ‘‘, Even Start, or Early Read-
ing First’’; and 
(III) by striking ‘‘part’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-
part’’; 
(iii) in subparagraph (C)— (I) by amending the heading to read as fol-
lows: ‘‘S
UBPART 3 CHILDREN .—’’; 
(II) by striking ‘‘part C’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-
part 3’’; and 
(III) by striking ‘‘part’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-
part’’; and 
(iv) in subparagraphs (D) and (E), by striking 
‘‘part’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘subpart’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘part’’ and 
inserting ‘‘subpart’’; 
(3) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A)— 
(I) by striking ‘‘part’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-
part’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘challenging student academic 
achievement’’ and inserting ‘‘academic’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘part’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-
part’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘challenging student academic 
achievement’’ and inserting ‘‘academic’’; 
(iii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘part’’ 
and inserting ‘‘subpart’’; 
(iv) in subparagraph (C)— (I) in the matter preceding clause (i), by strik-
ing ‘‘based on scientifically based research’’ and inserting ‘‘evidence-based’’; and 
(II) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘part’’ and in-
serting ‘‘subpart’’; 
(v) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘such as 
Head Start, Even Start, Early Reading First or State-run preschool programs’’; 
(vi) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘highly 
qualified’’ and inserting ‘‘effective’’; 
(vii) in subparagraph (F)— (I) by striking ‘‘in accordance with subsection 
(e)(3) and section 1119,’’; 
(II) by striking ‘‘part’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-
part’’; and 
(III) by striking ‘‘pupil services personnel’’ 
and inserting ‘‘specialized instructional support personnel’’; and 
(viii) in subparagraph (H), by striking ‘‘voca-
tional’’ and inserting ‘‘career’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), 
by striking ‘‘proficient and advanced levels of achievement’’ and inserting ‘‘academic stand-ards’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘part’’ 
and inserting ‘‘subpart’’; and 
(iii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘chal-
lenging student academic achievement’’ and in-serting ‘‘academic’’; 
(4) in subsection (d), in the matter preceding 
paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘part’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘subpart’’; 
(5) in subsection (e)— (A) in paragraph (2)(B)— (i) in the matter preceding clause (i), by strik-
ing ‘‘part’’ and inserting ‘‘subpart’’; and 
(ii) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘pupil services’’ 
and inserting ‘‘specialized instructional support services’’; and 
(B) by striking paragraph (3); and (6) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(f) D
ELIVERY OF SERVICES .—The elements of 
a targeted assistance program under this section may be delivered by nonprofit or for-profit ex-ternal providers with expertise in using evi-dence-based or other effective strategies to im-prove student achievement.’’. 
SEC. 117. ACADEMIC ASSESSMENT AND LOCAL 
EDUCATIONAL AGENCY AND SCHOOL IMPROVEMENT; SCHOOL SUPPORT AND RECOGNITION. 
The Act is amended by repealing sections 1116 
and 1117 (20 U.S.C. 6316; 6317). SEC. 118. PARENTAL INVOLVEMENT. 
Section 1118 (20 U.S.C. 6318) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘part’’ each place such term 
appears and inserting ‘‘subpart’’; 
(2) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘, and’’ 
and all that follows through ‘‘1116’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘, such 
as’’ and all that follows through ‘‘preschool programs’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (3)(A), by striking ‘‘subpart 
2 of this part’’ each place it appears and insert-ing ‘‘chapter B of this subpart’’; 
(3) by amending subsection (c)(4)(B) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(B) a description and explanation of the cur-
riculum in use at the school and the forms of academic assessment used to measure student progress; and’’; 
(4) in subsection (d)(1), by striking ‘‘student 
academic achievement’’ and inserting ‘‘aca-demic’’; 
(5) in subsection (e)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘State’s aca-
demic content standards and State student aca-demic achievement standards’’ and inserting ‘‘State’s academic standards’’; 
(B) in paragraph (3)— (i) by striking ‘‘pupil services personnel,’’ and 
inserting ‘‘specialized instructional support per-sonnel,’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘principals,’’ and inserting 
‘‘school leaders,’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘Head Start, 
Reading First, Early Reading First, Even Start, the Home Instruction Programs for Preschool Youngsters, the Parents as Teachers Program, and public preschool and other’’ and inserting ‘‘other Federal, State, and local’’; and 
(6) by amending subsection (g) to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(g) F
AMILY ENGAGEMENT IN EDUCATION PRO-
GRAMS .—In a State operating a program under 
subpart 3 of part A of title III, each local edu-cational agency or school that receives assist-ance under this subpart shall inform such par-ents and organizations of the existence of such programs.’’. 
SEC. 119. QUALIFICATIONS FOR TEACHERS AND 
PARAPROFESSIONALS. 
The Act is amended by repealing section 1119 
(20 U.S.C. 6319). 
SEC. 120. PARTICIPATION OF CHILDREN EN-
ROLLED IN PRIVATE SCHOOLS. 
Section 1120 (20 U.S.C. 6320) is amended to 
read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 1120. PARTICIPATION OF CHILDREN EN-
ROLLED IN PRIVATE SCHOOLS. 
‘‘(a) G ENERAL REQUIREMENT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—To the extent consistent 
with the number of eligible children identified under section 1115(b) in the school district served by a local educational agency who are enrolled in private elementary schools and sec-ondary schools, a local educational agency shall— 
‘‘(A) after timely and meaningful consultation 
with appropriate private school officials or rep-resentatives, provide such service, on an equi-table basis and individually or in combination, as requested by the officials or representatives to best meet the needs of such children, special educational services, instructional services (in-cluding evaluations to determine students’ progress in their academic needs), counseling, mentoring, one-on-one tutoring, or other bene-fits under this subpart (such as dual enrollment, educational radio and television, computer equipment and materials, other technology, and mobile educational services and equipment) that address their needs; and 
‘‘(B) ensure that teachers and families of the 
children participate, on an equitable basis, in services and activities developed pursuant to this subpart. 
‘‘(2) S
ECULAR , NEUTRAL , NONIDEOLOGICAL .— 
Such educational services or other benefits, in-cluding materials and equipment, shall be sec-
ular, neutral, and nonideological. 
‘‘(3) E QUITY .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Educational services and 
other benefits for such private school children shall be equitable in comparison to services and other benefits for public school children partici-pating under this subpart, and shall be provided in a timely manner. 
‘‘(B) O
MBUDSMAN .—To help ensure such eq-
uity for such private school children, teachers, and other educational personnel, the State edu-cational agency involved shall designate an om-budsman to monitor and enforce the require-ments of this subpart. 
‘‘(4) E
XPENDITURES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Expenditures for edu-
cational services and other benefits to eligible private school children shall be equal to the ex-penditures for participating public school chil-dren, taking into account the number, and edu-cational needs, of the children to be served. The share of funds shall be determined based on the total allocation received by the local edu-cational agency prior to any allowable expendi-tures authorized under this title. 
‘‘(B) O
BLIGATION OF FUNDS .—Funds allocated 
to a local educational agency for educational services and other benefits to eligible private school children shall— 
‘‘(i) be obligated in the fiscal year for which 
the funds are received by the agency; and 
‘‘(ii) with respect to any such funds that can-
not be so obligated, be used to serve such chil-dren in the following fiscal year. 
‘‘(C) N
OTICE OF ALLOCATION .—Each State 
educational agency shall— 
‘‘(i) determine, in a timely manner, the pro-
portion of funds to be allocated to each local educational agency in the State for educational services and other benefits under this subpart to eligible private school children; and 
‘‘(ii) provide notice, simultaneously, to each 
such local educational agency and the appro-priate private school officials or their represent-atives in the State of such allocation of funds. 
‘‘(5) P
ROVISION OF SERVICES .—The local edu-
cational agency or, in a case described in sub-section (b)(6)(C), the State educational agency involved, may provide services under this sec-tion directly or through contracts with public or private agencies, organizations, and institu-tions. 
‘‘(b) C
ONSULTATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—To ensure timely and 
meaningful consultation, a local educational agency shall consult with appropriate private school officials or representatives during the de-sign and development of such agency’s programs under this subpart in order to reach an agree-ment between the agency and the officials or representatives about equitable and effective programs for eligible private school children, the results of which shall be transmitted to the des-ignated ombudsmen under section 1120(a)(3)(B). Such process shall include consultation on issues such as— 
‘‘(A) how the children’s needs will be identi-
fied; 
‘‘(B) what services will be offered; ‘‘(C) how, where, and by whom the services 
will be provided; 
‘‘(D) how the services will be academically as-
sessed and how the results of that assessment will be used to improve those services; 
‘‘(E) the size and scope of the equitable serv-
ices to be provided to the eligible private school children, and the proportion of funds that is al-located under subsection (a)(4)(A) for such serv-ices, how that proportion of funds is determined under such subsection, and an itemization of the costs of the services to be provided; 
‘‘(F) the method or sources of data that are 
used under subsection (c) and section 1113(c)(1) to determine the number of children from low- income families in participating school attend-ance areas who attend private schools; 
‘‘(G) how and when the agency will make de-
cisions about the delivery of services to such 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.015 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1202 February 26, 2015 
children, including a thorough consideration 
and analysis of the views of the private school officials or representatives on the provision of services through a contract with potential third- party providers; 
‘‘(H) how, if the agency disagrees with the 
views of the private school officials or represent-atives on the provision of services through a contract, the local educational agency will pro-vide in writing to such private school officials an analysis of the reasons why the local edu-cational agency has chosen not to use a con-tractor; 
‘‘(I) whether the agency will provide services 
under this section directly or through contracts with public and private agencies, organizations, and institutions; 
‘‘(J) whether to provide equitable services to 
eligible private school children— 
‘‘(i) by creating a pool or pools of funds with 
all of the funds allocated under subsection (a)(4) based on all the children from low-income families who attend private schools in a partici-pating school attendance area of the agency from which the local educational agency will provide such services to all such children; or 
‘‘(ii) by providing such services to eligible chil-
dren in each private school in the agency’s par-ticipating school attendance area with the pro-portion of funds allocated under subsection (a)(4) based on the number of children from low- income families who attend such school; 
‘‘(K) at what time and where services will be 
provided; and 
‘‘(L) whether to consolidate and use funds 
under this subpart to provide schoolwide pro-grams for a private school. 
‘‘(2) D
ISAGREEMENT .—If a local educational 
agency disagrees with the views of private school officials or representatives with respect to an issue described in paragraph (1), the local educational agency shall provide in writing to such private school officials an analysis of the reasons why the local educational agency has chosen not to adopt the course of action re-
quested by such officials. 
‘‘(3) T
IMING .—Such consultation shall include 
meetings of agency and private school officials or representatives and shall occur before the local educational agency makes any decision that affects the opportunities of eligible private school children to participate in programs under this subpart. Such meetings shall continue throughout implementation and assessment of services provided under this section. 
‘‘(4) D
ISCUSSION .—Such consultation shall in-
clude a discussion of service delivery mecha-nisms a local educational agency can use to pro-vide equitable services to eligible private school children. 
‘‘(5) D
OCUMENTATION .—Each local edu-
cational agency shall maintain in the agency’s records and provide to the State educational agency involved a written affirmation signed by officials or representatives of each participating private school that the meaningful consultation required by this section has occurred. The writ-ten affirmation shall provide the option for pri-vate school officials or representatives to indi-cate that timely and meaningful consultation has not occurred or that the program design is not equitable with respect to eligible private school children. If such officials or representa-tives do not provide such affirmation within a reasonable period of time, the local educational agency shall forward the documentation that such consultation has, or attempts at such con-sultation have, taken place to the State edu-cational agency. 
‘‘(6) C
OMPLIANCE .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A private school official 
shall have the right to file a complaint with the State educational agency that the local edu-cational agency did not engage in consultation that was meaningful and timely, did not give due consideration to the views of the private school official, or did not treat the private school or its students equitably as required by this section. ‘‘(B) P
ROCEDURE .—If the private school offi-
cial wishes to file a complaint, the official shall provide the basis of the noncompliance with this section by the local educational agency to the State educational agency, and the local edu-cational agency shall forward the appropriate documentation to the State educational agency. 
‘‘(C) S
TATE EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES .—A State 
educational agency shall provide services under this section directly or through contracts with public or private agencies, organizations, and institutions, if— 
‘‘(i) the appropriate private school officials or 
their representatives have— 
‘‘(I) requested that the State educational 
agency provide such services directly; and 
‘‘(II) demonstrated that the local educational 
agency involved has not met the requirements of this section; or 
‘‘(ii) in a case in which— ‘‘(I) a local educational agency has more than 
10,000 children from low-income families who at-tend private elementary schools or secondary schools in a participating school attendance area of the agency that are not being served by the agency’s program under this section; or 
‘‘(II) 90 percent of the eligible private school 
students in a participating school attendance area of the agency are not being served by the agency’s program under this section. 
‘‘(c) A
LLOCATION FOR EQUITABLE SERVICE TO  
PRIVATE SCHOOL STUDENTS .— 
‘‘(1) C ALCULATION .—A local educational agen-
cy shall have the final authority, consistent with this section, to calculate the number of children, ages 5 through 17, who are from low- income families and attend private schools by— 
‘‘(A) using the same measure of low income 
used to count public school children; 
‘‘(B) using the results of a survey that, to the 
extent possible, protects the identity of families of private school students, and allowing such survey results to be extrapolated if complete ac-tual data are unavailable; 
‘‘(C) applying the low-income percentage of 
each participating public school attendance area, determined pursuant to this section, to the number of private school children who reside in that school attendance area; or 
‘‘(D) using an equated measure of low income 
correlated with the measure of low income used to count public school children. 
‘‘(2) C
OMPLAINT PROCESS .—Any dispute re-
garding low-income data for private school stu-dents shall be subject to the complaint process authorized in section 6503. 
‘‘(d) P
UBLIC CONTROL OF FUNDS.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The control of funds pro-
vided under this subpart, and title to materials, equipment, and property purchased with such funds, shall be in a public agency, and a public agency shall administer such funds, materials, equipment, and property. 
‘‘(2) P
ROVISION OF SERVICES .— 
‘‘(A) P ROVIDER .—The provision of services 
under this section shall be provided— 
‘‘(i) by employees of a public agency; or ‘‘(ii) through a contract by such public agen-
cy with an individual, association, agency, or organization. 
‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENT .—In the provision of such 
services, such employee, individual, association, agency, or organization shall be independent of such private school and of any religious organi-zation, and such employment or contract shall be under the control and supervision of such public agency. 
‘‘(e) S
TANDARDS FOR A BYPASS .—If a local 
educational agency is prohibited by law from providing for the participation in programs on an equitable basis of eligible children enrolled in private elementary schools and secondary schools, or if the Secretary determines that a local educational agency has substantially failed or is unwilling to provide for such partici-pation, as required by this section, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) waive the requirements of this section for 
such local educational agency; ‘‘(2) arrange for the provision of services to 
such children through arrangements that shall be subject to the requirements of this section and sections 6503 and 6504; and 
‘‘(3) in making the determination under this 
subsection, consider one or more factors, includ-ing the quality, size, scope, and location of the program and the opportunity of eligible children to participate.’’. 
SEC. 121. FISCAL REQUIREMENTS. 
Section 1120A (20 U.S.C. 6321) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘part’’ each place it appears 
and inserting ‘‘subpart’’; and 
(2) by striking subsection (a) and redesig-
nating subsections (b), (c), and (d) as sub-sections (a), (b), and (c), respectively. 
SEC. 122. COORDINATION REQUIREMENTS. 
Section 1120B (20 U.S.C. 6322) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘part’’ each place it appears 
and inserting ‘‘subpart’’; 
(2) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘such as the 
Early Reading First program’’; and 
(3) in subsection (b)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by 
striking ‘‘, such as the Early Reading First pro-gram,’’; 
(B) in paragraphs (1) through (3), by striking 
‘‘such as the Early Reading First program’’ each place it appears; 
(C) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘Early Read-
ing First program staff,’’; and 
(D) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘and entities 
carrying out Early Reading First programs’’. 
SEC. 123. GRANTS FOR THE OUTLYING AREAS 
AND THE SECRETARY OF THE INTE-RIOR. 
Section 1121 (20 U.S.C. 6331) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘appro-
priated for payments to States for any fiscal year under section 1002(a) and 1125A(f)’’ and in-serting ‘‘reserved for this chapter under section 1122(a)’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘the No 
Child Left Behind Act of 2001’’ and inserting ‘‘the Student Success Act’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘basis,’’ 
and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘basis.’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (C)(ii), by striking ‘‘chal-
lenging State academic content standards’’ and inserting ‘‘State academic standards’’; and 
(iii) by striking subparagraph (D); and (3) in subsection (d)(2), by striking ‘‘part’’ and 
inserting ‘‘subpart’’. 
SEC. 124. ALLOCATIONS TO STATES. 
Section 1122 (20 U.S.C. 6332) is amended— 
(1) by amending subsection (a) to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(a) R ESERVATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—From the amounts appro-
priated under section 3(a)(1), the Secretary shall reserve 91.44 percent of such amounts to carry out this chapter. 
‘‘(2) A
LLOCATION FORMULA .—Of the amount 
reserved under paragraph (1) for each of fiscal years 2016 to 2021 (referred to in this subsection as the current fiscal year)— 
‘‘(A) an amount equal to the amount made 
available to carry out section 1124 for fiscal year 2001 shall be used to carry out section 1124; 
‘‘(B) an amount equal to the amount made 
available to carry out section 1124A for fiscal year 2001 shall be used to carry out section 1124A; and 
‘‘(C) an amount equal to 100 percent of the 
amount, if any, by which the total amount made available to carry out this chapter for the fiscal year for which the determination is made exceeds the total amount available to carry out sections 1124 and 1124A for fiscal year 2001 shall be used to carry out sections 1125 and 1125A and such amount shall be divided equally between sections 1125 and 1125A.’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)(1), by striking ‘‘subpart’’ 
and inserting ‘‘chapter’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.015 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1203 February 26, 2015 
(3) in subsection (c)(3), by striking ‘‘part’’ and 
inserting ‘‘subpart’’; and 
(4) in subsection (d)(1), by striking ‘‘subpart’’ 
and inserting ‘‘chapter’’. 
SEC. 125. BASIC GRANTS TO LOCAL EDUCATIONAL 
AGENCIES. 
Section 1124 (20 U.S.C. 6333) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘subpart’’ 
and inserting ‘‘chapter’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (C)(i), by striking ‘‘sub-
part’’ and inserting ‘‘chapter’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (4)(C), by striking ‘‘subpart’’ 
each place it appears and inserting ‘‘chapter’’; and 
(2) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1)(B), by striking ‘‘subpart 
1 of part D’’ and inserting ‘‘chapter A of sub-part 3’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘part’’ and 
inserting ‘‘subpart’’. 
SEC. 126. TARGETED GRANTS TO LOCAL EDU-
CATIONAL AGENCIES. 
Section 1125 (20 U.S.C. 6335) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (c)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (B)— (i) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘15.58’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘15.59’’; 
(ii) in clause (ii)— (I) by striking ‘‘15.58’’ and inserting ‘‘15.59’’; 
and 
(II) by striking ‘‘22.11’’ and inserting ‘‘22.12’’; (iii) in clause (iii)— (I) by striking ‘‘22.11’’ and inserting ‘‘22.12’’; 
and 
(II) by striking ‘‘30.16’’ and inserting ‘‘30.17’’; (iv) in clause (iv)— (I) by striking ‘‘30.16’’ and inserting ‘‘30.17’’; 
and 
(II) by striking ‘‘38.24’’ and inserting ‘‘38.25’’; 
and 
(v) in clause (v), by striking ‘‘38.24’’ and in-
serting ‘‘38.25’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (C)— (i) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘691’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘692’’; 
(ii) in clause (ii)— (I) by striking ‘‘692’’ and inserting ‘‘693’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘2,262’’ and inserting ‘‘2,263’’; (iii) in clause (iii)— (I) by striking ‘‘2,263’’ and inserting ‘‘2,264’’; 
and 
(II) by striking ‘‘7,851’’ and inserting ‘‘7,852’’; (iv) in clause (iv)— (I) by striking ‘‘7,852’’ and inserting ‘‘7,853’’; 
and 
(II) by striking ‘‘35,514’’ and inserting 
‘‘35,515’’; and 
(v) in clause (v), by striking ‘‘35,514’’ and in-
serting ‘‘35,515’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) A
PPLICATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The percentage and num-
ber ranges described in subparagraphs (B) and (C) of subsection (c)(2) shall be applied with re-spect to fiscal years 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020, and 2021 as such percentages and numbers were in effect on the day before the date of the enact-ment of the Student Success Act. 
‘‘(2) S
ECRETARY ’S CERTIFICATION .—For fiscal 
year 2022 and each subsequent fiscal year, the percentage and number ranges described in sub-paragraphs (B) and (C) of subsection (c)(2) shall be applied as such percentages and numbers were in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of the Student Success Act unless the Secretary certifies that amendments made to such percentages and numbers by the Student Success Act will not result in harm to any school district.’’. 
SEC. 127. ADEQUACY OF FUNDING TO LOCAL EDU-
CATIONAL AGENCIES IN FISCAL YEARS AFTER FISCAL YEAR 2001. 
Section 1125AA (20 U.S.C. 6336) is amended to 
read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 1125AA. ADEQUACY OF FUNDING TO LOCAL 
EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES IN FISCAL YEARS AFTER FISCAL YEAR 2001. 
‘‘(a) L IMITATION OF ALLOCATION .—Pursuant 
to section 1122, the total amount allocated in any fiscal year after fiscal year 2001 for pro-
grams and activities under this subpart shall not exceed the amount allocated in fiscal year 2001 for such programs and activities unless the amount available for targeted grants to local educational agencies under section 1125 in the applicable fiscal year meets the requirements of section 1122(a). 
‘‘(b) F
INDINGS .—Congress makes the following 
findings: 
‘‘(1) The formulas for distributing Targeted 
and Education Finance Incentive grants use two weighting systems, one based on the per-centage of the aged 5-17 population in a local educational agency that is eligible to receive funds under this title (percentage weighting), and another based on the absolute number of such students (number weighting). Whichever of these weighting systems results in the highest total weighted formula student count for a local educational agency is the weighting system used for that agency in the final allocation of Tar-geted and Education Finance Incentive Grant funds. 
‘‘(2) The Congressional Research Service has 
said the number weighting alternative is gen-erally more favorable to large local educational agencies with much larger counts of eligible children, but not necessarily higher concentra-tions, weighted at the highest point in the scale than smaller local educational agencies with smaller counts, but higher concentrations, of eli-gible children. 
‘‘(3) The current percentage and number 
weighting scales are based on the most current data available in 2001 on the distribution of eli-gible children across local educational agencies. 
‘‘(4) Prior to the date of the enactment of the 
Student Success Act, Congress expects updated data to be available, which will provide Con-gress an opportunity to update these scales based on such data. 
‘‘(5) When these scales are updated, Congress 
has a further obligation to evaluate the use of percentage and number weighting to ensure the most equitable distribution of Targeted and Education Finance Incentive Grant funds to local educational agencies.’’. 
SEC. 128. EDUCATION FINANCE INCENTIVE 
GRANT PROGRAM. 
Section 1125A (20 U.S.C. 6337) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘part’’ each place it appears 
and inserting ‘‘subpart’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘appro-
priated pursuant to subsection (f)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘made available for any fiscal year to carry out this section’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (B)(i), by striking ‘‘total 
appropriations’’ and inserting ‘‘the total amount reserved under section 1122(a) to carry out this section’’; 
(3) by striking subsections (a), (e), and (f) and 
redesignating subsections (b), (c), (d), and (g) as subsections (a), (b), (c), and (d), respectively; 
(4) in subsection (b), as so redesignated, by re-
designating subparagraphs (A) and (B) as para-graphs (1) and (2), respectively; 
(5) in subsection (c), as so redesignated— (A) in paragraph (1)(B)— (i) in clause (ii)— (I) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘15.58’’ and 
inserting ‘‘15.59’’; 
(II) in subclause (II)— (aa) by striking ‘‘15.58’’ and inserting ‘‘15.59’’; 
and 
(bb) by striking ‘‘22.11’’ and inserting ‘‘22.12’’; (III) in subclause (III)— (aa) by striking ‘‘22.11’’ and inserting ‘‘22.12’’; 
and 
(bb) by striking ‘‘30.16’’ and inserting ‘‘30.17’’; (IV) in subclause (IV)— (aa) by striking ‘‘30.16’’ and inserting ‘‘30.17’’; 
and 
(bb) by striking ‘‘38.24’’ and inserting ‘‘38.25’’; 
and 
(V) in subclause (V), by striking ‘‘38.24’’ and 
inserting ‘‘38.25’’; and (ii) in clause (iii)— 
(I) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘691’’ and in-
serting ‘‘692’’; 
(II) in subclause (II)— (aa) by striking ‘‘692’’ and inserting ‘‘693’’; 
and 
(bb) by striking ‘‘2,262’’ and inserting ‘‘2,263’’; (III) in subclause (III)— (aa) by striking ‘‘2,263’’ and inserting ‘‘2,264’’; 
and 
(bb) by striking ‘‘7,851’’ and inserting ‘‘7,852’’; (IV) in subclause (IV)— (aa) by striking ‘‘7,852’’ and inserting ‘‘7,853’’; 
and 
(bb) by striking ‘‘35,514’’ and inserting 
‘‘35,515’’; and 
(V) in subclause (V), by striking ‘‘35,514’’ and 
inserting ‘‘35,515’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2)(B)— (i) in clause (ii)— (I) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘15.58’’ and 
inserting ‘‘15.59’’; 
(II) in subclause (II)— (aa) by striking ‘‘15.58’’ and inserting ‘‘15.59’’; 
and 
(bb) by striking ‘‘22.11’’ and inserting ‘‘22.12’’; (III) in subclause (III)— (aa) by striking ‘‘22.11’’ and inserting ‘‘22.12’’; 
and 
(bb) by striking ‘‘30.16’’ and inserting ‘‘30.17’’; (IV) in subclause (IV)— (aa) by striking ‘‘30.16’’ and inserting ‘‘30.17’’; 
and 
(bb) by striking ‘‘38.24’’ and inserting ‘‘38.25’’; 
and 
(V) in subclause (V), by striking ‘‘38.24’’ and 
inserting ‘‘38.25’’; and 
(ii) in clause (iii)— (I) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘691’’ and in-
serting ‘‘692’’; 
(II) in subclause (II)— (aa) by striking ‘‘692’’ and inserting ‘‘693’’; 
and 
(bb) by striking ‘‘2,262’’ and inserting ‘‘2,263’’; (III) in subclause (III)— (aa) by striking ‘‘2,263’’ and inserting ‘‘2,264’’; 
and 
(bb) by striking ‘‘7,851’’ and inserting ‘‘7,852’’; (IV) in subclause (IV)— (aa) by striking ‘‘7,852’’ and inserting ‘‘7,853’’; 
and 
(bb) by striking ‘‘35,514’’ and inserting 
‘‘35,515’’; and 
(V) in subclause (V), by striking ‘‘35,514’’ and 
inserting ‘‘35,515’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (3)(B)— (i) in clause (ii)— (I) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘15.58’’ and 
inserting ‘‘15.59’’; 
(II) in subclause (II)— (aa) by striking ‘‘15.58’’ and inserting ‘‘15.59’’; 
and 
(bb) by striking ‘‘22.11’’ and inserting ‘‘22.12’’; (III) in subclause (III)— (aa) by striking ‘‘22.11’’ and inserting ‘‘22.12’’; 
and 
(bb) by striking ‘‘30.16’’ and inserting ‘‘30.17’’; (IV) in subclause (IV)— (aa) by striking ‘‘30.16’’ and inserting ‘‘30.17’’; 
and 
(bb) by striking ‘‘38.24’’ and inserting ‘‘38.25’’; 
and 
(V) in subclause (V), by striking ‘‘38.24’’ and 
inserting ‘‘38.25’’; and 
(ii) in clause (iii)— (I) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘691’’ and in-
serting ‘‘692’’; 
(II) in subclause (II)— (aa) by striking ‘‘692’’ and inserting ‘‘693’’; 
and 
(bb) by striking ‘‘2,262’’ and inserting ‘‘2,263’’; (III) in subclause (III)— (aa) by striking ‘‘2,263’’ and inserting ‘‘2,264’’; 
and 
(bb) by striking ‘‘7,851’’ and inserting ‘‘7,852’’; (IV) in subclause (IV)— (aa) by striking ‘‘7,852’’ and inserting ‘‘7,853’’; 
and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.015 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1204 February 26, 2015 
(bb) by striking ‘‘35,514’’ and inserting 
‘‘35,515’’; and 
(V) in subclause (V), by striking ‘‘35,514’’ and 
inserting ‘‘35,515’’; and 
(6) by adding at the end the following new 
subsection: 
‘‘(e) A PPLICATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The percentage and num-
ber ranges described in clauses (ii) and (iii) of paragraph (1)(B), clauses (ii) and (iii) of para-graph (2)(B), and clauses (ii) and (iii) of para-graph (3)(B) shall be applied with respect to fis-cal years 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020, and 2021 as such percentages and numbers were in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of the Student Success Act. 
‘‘(2) S
ECRETARY ’S CERTIFICATION .—For fiscal 
year 2022 and each subsequent fiscal year, the percentage and number ranges described in clauses (ii) and (iii) of paragraph (1)(B), clauses (ii) and (iii) of paragraph (2)(B), and clauses (ii) and (iii) of paragraph (3)(B) shall be applied as such percentages and numbers were in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of the Student Success Act unless the Secretary cer-tifies that amendments made to such percent-ages and numbers by the Student Success Act will not result in harm to any school district.’’. 
SEC. 129. CARRYOVER AND WAIVER. 
Section 1127 (20 U.S.C. 6339) is amended by 
striking ‘‘subpart’’ each place it appears and in-serting ‘‘chapter’’. 
SEC. 130. TITLE I PORTABILITY. 
Chapter B of subpart 1 of part A of title I (20 
U.S.C. 6331 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 1128. TITLE I FUNDS FOLLOW THE LOW-IN-
COME CHILD STATE OPTION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other 
provision of law and to the extent permitted under State law, a State educational agency may allocate grant funds under this chapter among the local educational agencies in the State based on the number of eligible children enrolled in the public schools served by each local educational agency. 
‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE CHILD.— 
‘‘(1) D EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘el-
igible child’ means a child aged 5 to 17, inclu-sive, from a family with an income below the poverty level on the basis of the most recent sat-isfactory data published by the Department of Commerce. 
‘‘(2) C
RITERIA OF POVERTY .—In determining 
the families with incomes below the poverty level for the purposes of this section, a State educational agency shall use the criteria of pov-erty used by the Census Bureau in compiling the most recent decennial census, as the criteria have been updated by increases in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers, published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics. 
‘‘(c) S
TUDENT ENROLLMENT IN PUBLIC  
SCHOOLS .— 
‘‘(1) I DENTIFICATION OF ELIGIBLE CHILDREN .— 
On an annual basis, on a date to be determined by the State educational agency, each local edu-cational agency that receives grant funding in accordance with subsection (a) shall inform the State educational agency of the number of eligi-ble children enrolled in public schools served by the local educational agency. 
‘‘(2) A
LLOCATION TO LOCAL EDUCATIONAL  
AGENCIES .—Based on the identification of eligi-
ble children in paragraph (1), the State edu-cational agency shall provide to a local edu-cational agency an amount equal to the sum of the amount available for each eligible child in the State multiplied by the number of eligible children identified by the local educational agency under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(3) D
ISTRIBUTION TO SCHOOLS .—Each local 
educational agency that receives funds under paragraph (2) shall distribute such funds to the public schools served by the local educational agency— 
‘‘(A) based on the number of eligible children 
enrolled in such schools; and ‘‘(B) in a manner that would, in the absence 
of such Federal funds, supplement the funds made available from non-Federal resources for the education of pupils participating in pro-grams under this subpart, and not to supplant such funds.’’. 
Subtitle C—Additional Aid to States and 
School Districts 
SEC. 131. ADDITIONAL AID. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title I (20 U.S.C. 6301 et 
seq.), as amended by the preceding provisions of this Act, is further amended— 
(1) by striking parts B through D and F 
through H; and 
(2) by inserting after subpart 1 of part A the 
following: 
‘‘Subpart 2—Education of Migratory Children 
‘‘SEC. 1131. PROGRAM PURPOSES. 
‘‘The purposes of this subpart are as follows: 
‘‘(1) To assist States in supporting high-qual-
ity and comprehensive educational programs and services during the school year, and as ap-plicable, during summer or intercession periods, that address the unique educational needs of migratory children. 
‘‘(2) To ensure that migratory children who 
move among the States, not be penalized in any manner by disparities among the States in cur-riculum, graduation requirements, and State academic standards. 
‘‘(3) To help such children succeed in school, 
meet the State academic standards that all chil-dren are expected to meet, and graduate from high school prepared for postsecondary edu-cation and the workforce without the need for remediation. 
‘‘(4) To help such children overcome edu-
cational disruption, cultural and language bar-riers, social isolation, various health-related problems, and other factors that inhibit the abil-ity of such children to succeed in school. 
‘‘(5) To help such children benefit from State 
and local systemic reforms. 
‘‘SEC. 1132. PROGRAM AUTHORIZED. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—From the amounts appro-
priated under section 3(a)(1), the Secretary shall reserve 2.45 percent to carry out this subpart. 
‘‘(b) G
RANTS AWARDED .—From the amounts 
reserved under subsection (a) and not reserved under section 1138(c), the Secretary shall make allotments for the fiscal year to State edu-cational agencies, or consortia of such agencies, to establish or improve, directly or through local operating agencies, programs of education for migratory children in accordance with this sub-part. 
‘‘SEC. 1133. STATE ALLOCATIONS. 
‘‘(a) S TATE ALLOCATIONS .—Except as provided 
in subsection (c), each State (other than the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico) is entitled to re-ceive under this subpart an amount equal to the product of— 
‘‘(1) the sum of— ‘‘(A) the average number of identified eligible 
full-time equivalent migratory children aged 3 through 21 residing in the State, based on data for the preceding 3 years; and 
‘‘(B) the number of identified eligible migra-
tory children, aged 3 through 21, who received services under this subpart in summer or inter-session programs provided by the State during the previous year; multiplied by 
‘‘(2) 40 percent of the average per-pupil ex-
penditure in the State, except that the amount determined under this paragraph shall not be less than 32 percent, nor more than 48 percent, of the average per-pupil expenditure in the United States. 
‘‘(b) H
OLDHARMLESS .—Notwithstanding sub-
section (a), for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2018, no State shall receive less than 90 percent of the State’s allocation under this section for the previous year. 
‘‘(c) A
LLOCATION TO PUERTO RICO.—For each 
fiscal year, the grant which the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico shall be eligible to receive under this subpart shall be the amount determined by 
multiplying the number of children who would be counted under subsection (a)(1) if such sub-section applied to the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico by the product of— 
‘‘(1) the percentage that the average per-pupil 
expenditure in the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico is of the lowest average per-pupil expendi-ture of any of the 50 States, except that the per-centage calculated under this subparagraph shall not be less than 85 percent; and 
‘‘(2) 32 percent of the average per-pupil ex-
penditure in the United States. 
‘‘(d) R
ATABLE REDUCTIONS ; REALLOCATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .— 
‘‘(A) R ATABLE REDUCTIONS .—If, after the Sec-
retary reserves funds under section 1138(c), the amount appropriated to carry out this subpart for any fiscal year is insufficient to pay in full the amounts for which all States are eligible, the Secretary shall ratably reduce each such amount. 
‘‘(B) R
EALLOCATION .—If additional funds be-
come available for making such payments for any fiscal year, the Secretary shall allocate such funds to States in amounts that the Sec-retary determines will best carry out the purpose of this subpart. 
‘‘(2) S
PECIAL RULE .— 
‘‘(A) F URTHER REDUCTIONS .—The Secretary 
shall further reduce the amount of any grant to a State under this subpart for any fiscal year if the Secretary determines, based on available in-formation on the numbers and needs of migra-tory children in the State and the program pro-posed by the State to address such needs, that such amount exceeds the amount required under section 1134. 
‘‘(B) R
EALLOCATION .—The Secretary shall re-
allocate such excess funds to other States whose grants under this subpart would otherwise be insufficient to provide an appropriate level of services to migratory children, in such amounts as the Secretary determines are appropriate. 
‘‘(e) C
ONSORTIUM ARRANGEMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In the case of a State that 
receives a grant of $1,000,000 or less under this section, the Secretary shall consult with the State educational agency to determine whether consortium arrangements with another State or other appropriate entity would result in delivery of services in a more effective and efficient man-ner. 
‘‘(2) P
ROPOSALS .—Any State, regardless of the 
amount of such State’s allocation, may submit a consortium arrangement to the Secretary for ap-proval. 
‘‘(3) A
PPROVAL .—The Secretary shall approve 
a consortium arrangement under paragraph (1) or (2) if the proposal demonstrates that the ar-rangement will— 
‘‘(A) reduce administrative costs or program 
function costs for State programs; and 
‘‘(B) make more funds available for direct 
services to add substantially to the educational achievement of children to be served under this subpart. 
‘‘(f) D
ETERMINING NUMBERS OF ELIGIBLE  
CHILDREN .—In order to determine the identified 
number of migratory children residing in each State for purposes of this section, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) use the most recent information that most 
accurately reflects the actual number of migra-tory children; 
‘‘(2) develop and implement a procedure for 
monitoring the accuracy of such information; 
‘‘(3) develop and implement a procedure for 
more accurately reflecting cost factors for dif-ferent types of summer and intersession program designs; 
‘‘(4) adjust the full-time equivalent number of 
migratory children who reside in each State to take into account— 
‘‘(A) the unique needs of those children par-
ticipating in evidence-based or other effective special programs provided under this subpart that operate during the summer and intersession periods; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.015 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1205 February 26, 2015 
‘‘(B) the additional costs of operating such 
programs; and 
‘‘(5) conduct an analysis of the options for ad-
justing the formula so as to better direct services to migratory children, including the most at-risk migratory children. 
‘‘(g) N
ONPARTICIPATING STATES .—In the case 
of a State desiring to receive an allocation under this subpart for a fiscal year that did not receive an allocation for the previous fiscal year or that has been participating for less than 3 consecutive years, the Secretary shall calculate the State’s number of identified migratory chil-dren aged 3 through 21 for purposes of sub-section (a)(1)(A) by using the most recent data available that identifies the migratory children residing in the State until data is available to calculate the 3-year average number of such children in accordance with such subsection. 
‘‘SEC. 1134. STATE APPLICATIONS; SERVICES. 
‘‘(a) A PPLICATION REQUIRED .—Any State de-
siring to receive a grant under this subpart for any fiscal year shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may require. 
‘‘(b) P
ROGRAM INFORMATION .—Each such ap-
plication shall include— 
‘‘(1) a description of how, in planning, imple-
menting, and evaluating programs and projects assisted under this subpart, the State and its local operating agencies will ensure that the unique educational needs of migratory children, including preschool migratory children, are identified and addressed through— 
‘‘(A) the full range of services that are avail-
able for migratory children from appropriate local, State, and Federal educational programs; 
‘‘(B) joint planning among local, State, and 
Federal educational programs serving migratory children, including language instruction edu-cational programs under chapter A of subpart 4; and 
‘‘(C) the integration of services available 
under this subpart with services provided by those other programs; 
‘‘(2) a description of the steps the State is tak-
ing to provide all migratory students with the opportunity to meet the same State academic standards that all children are expected to meet; 
‘‘(3) a description of how the State will use 
funds received under this subpart to promote interstate and intrastate coordination of serv-ices for migratory children, including how the State will provide for educational continuity through the timely transfer of pertinent school records, including information on health, when children move from one school to another, whether or not such a move occurs during the regular school year; 
‘‘(4) a description of the State’s priorities for 
the use of funds received under this subpart, and how such priorities relate to the State’s as-sessment of needs for services in the State; 
‘‘(5) a description of how the State will deter-
mine the amount of any subgrants the State will award to local operating agencies, taking into account the numbers and needs of migratory children, the requirements of subsection (d), and the availability of funds from other Federal, State, and local programs; and 
‘‘(6) a description of how the State will en-
courage programs and projects assisted under this subpart to offer family literacy services if the programs and projects serve a substantial number of migratory children whose parents do not have a regular high school diploma or its recognized equivalent or who have low levels of literacy. 
‘‘(c) A
SSURANCES .—Each such application 
shall also include assurances that— 
‘‘(1) funds received under this subpart will be 
used only— 
‘‘(A) for programs and projects, including the 
acquisition of equipment, in accordance with section 1136; and 
‘‘(B) to coordinate such programs and projects 
with similar programs and projects within the State and in other States, as well as with other 
Federal programs that can benefit migratory children and their families; 
‘‘(2) such programs and projects will be car-
ried out in a manner consistent with the objec-tives of section 1114, subsections (b) and (d) of section 1115, subsections (b) and (c) of section 1120A, and part C; 
‘‘(3) in the planning and operation of pro-
grams and projects at both the State and local agency operating level, there is consultation with parents of migratory children for programs of not less than one school year in duration, and that all such programs and projects are car-ried out— 
‘‘(A) in a manner that provides for the same 
parental involvement as is required for programs and projects under section 1118, unless extraor-dinary circumstances make such provision im-practical; and 
‘‘(B) in a format and language understand-
able to the parents; 
‘‘(4) in planning and carrying out such pro-
grams and projects, there has been, and will be, adequate provision for addressing the unmet education needs of preschool migratory chil-dren; 
‘‘(5) the effectiveness of such programs and 
projects will be determined, where feasible, using the same approaches and standards that will be used to assess the performance of stu-dents, schools, and local educational agencies under subpart 1; 
‘‘(6) to the extent feasible, such programs and 
projects will provide for— 
‘‘(A) advocacy and outreach activities for mi-
gratory children and their families, including informing such children and families of, or help-ing such children and families gain access to, other education, health, nutrition, and social services; 
‘‘(B) professional development programs, in-
cluding mentoring, for teachers and other pro-gram personnel; 
‘‘(C) high-quality, evidence-based family lit-
eracy programs; 
‘‘(D) the integration of information tech-
nology into educational and related programs; and 
‘‘(E) programs to facilitate the transition of 
secondary school students to postsecondary edu-cation or employment without the need for re-mediation; and 
‘‘(7) the State will assist the Secretary in de-
termining the number of migratory children under paragraph (1) of section 1133(a). 
‘‘(d) P
RIORITY FOR SERVICES .—In providing 
services with funds received under this subpart, each recipient of such funds shall give priority to migratory children who are failing, or most at risk of failing, to meet the State’s academic standards under section 1111(b)(1). 
‘‘(e) C
ONTINUATION OF SERVICES .—Notwith-
standing any other provision of this subpart— 
‘‘(1) a child who ceases to be a migratory child 
during a school term shall be eligible for services until the end of such term; 
‘‘(2) a child who is no longer a migratory child 
may continue to receive services for one addi-tional school year, but only if comparable serv-ices are not available through other programs; and 
‘‘(3) secondary school students who were eligi-
ble for services in secondary school may con-tinue to be served through credit accrual pro-grams until graduation. 
‘‘SEC. 1135. SECRETARIAL APPROVAL; PEER RE-
VIEW. 
‘‘The Secretary shall approve each State ap-
plication that meets the requirements of this subpart, and may review any such application using a peer review process. 
‘‘SEC. 1136. COMPREHENSIVE NEEDS ASSESS-
MENT AND SERVICE-DELIVERY PLAN; AUTHORIZED ACTIVITIES. 
‘‘(a) C OMPREHENSIVE PLAN.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each State that receives as-
sistance under this subpart shall ensure that the State and its local operating agencies identify 
and address the unique educational needs of mi-gratory children in accordance with a com-prehensive State plan that— 
‘‘(A) is integrated with other programs under 
this Act or other Acts, as appropriate; 
‘‘(B) may be submitted as a part of a consoli-
dated application under section 6302, if— 
‘‘(i) the unique needs of migratory children 
are specifically addressed in the comprehensive State plan; 
‘‘(ii) the comprehensive State plan is devel-
oped in collaboration with parents of migratory children; and 
‘‘(iii) the comprehensive State plan is not used 
to supplant State efforts regarding, or adminis-trative funding for, this subpart; 
‘‘(C) provides that migratory children will 
have an opportunity to meet the same State aca-demic standards under section 1111(b)(1) that all children are expected to meet; 
‘‘(D) specifies measurable program goals and 
outcomes; 
‘‘(E) encompasses the full range of services 
that are available for migratory children from appropriate local, State, and Federal edu-cational programs; 
‘‘(F) is the product of joint planning among 
such local, State, and Federal programs, includ-ing programs under subpart 1, early childhood programs, and language instruction educational programs under chapter A of subpart 4; and 
‘‘(G) provides for the integration of services 
available under this subpart with services pro-vided by such other programs. 
‘‘(2) D
URATION OF THE PLAN .—Each such com-
prehensive State plan shall— 
‘‘(A) remain in effect for the duration of the 
State’s participation under this subpart; and 
‘‘(B) be periodically reviewed and revised by 
the State, as necessary, to reflect changes in the State’s strategies and programs under this sub-part. 
‘‘(b) A
UTHORIZED ACTIVITIES .— 
‘‘(1) F LEXIBILITY .—In implementing the com-
prehensive plan described in subsection (a), each State educational agency, where applica-ble through its local educational agencies, re-tains the flexibility to determine the activities to be provided with funds made available under this subpart, except that such funds first shall be used to meet the identified needs of migratory children that result from their migratory life-style, and to permit these children to participate effectively in school. 
‘‘(2) U
NADDRESSED NEEDS .—Funds provided 
under this subpart shall be used to address the needs of migratory children that are not ad-dressed by services available from other Federal or non-Federal programs, except that migratory children who are eligible to receive services under subpart 1 may receive those services through funds provided under that subpart, or through funds under this subpart that remain after the agency addresses the needs described in paragraph (1). 
‘‘(3) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subpart 
shall be construed to prohibit a local edu-cational agency from serving migratory children simultaneously with students with similar edu-cational needs in the same educational settings, where appropriate. 
‘‘SEC. 1137. BYPASS. 
‘‘The Secretary may use all or part of any 
State’s allocation under this subpart to make ar-rangements with any public or private agency to carry out the purpose of this subpart in such State if the Secretary determines that— 
‘‘(1) the State is unable or unwilling to con-
duct educational programs for migratory chil-dren; 
‘‘(2) such arrangements would result in more 
efficient and economic administration of such programs; or 
‘‘(3) such arrangements would add substan-
tially to the educational achievement of such children. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.015 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1206 February 26, 2015 
‘‘SEC. 1138. COORDINATION OF MIGRATORY EDU-
CATION ACTIVITIES. 
‘‘(a) I MPROVEMENT OF COORDINATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary, in consulta-
tion with the States, may make grants to, or enter into contracts with, State educational agencies, local educational agencies, institu-tions of higher education, and other public and private entities to improve the interstate and intrastate coordination among such agencies’ educational programs, including through the es-tablishment or improvement of programs for credit accrual and exchange, available to migra-tory students. 
‘‘(2) D
URATION .—Grants or contracts under 
this subsection may be awarded for not more than 5 years. 
‘‘(b) S
TUDENT RECORDS .— 
‘‘(1) A SSISTANCE .—The Secretary shall assist 
States in developing and maintaining an effec-tive system for the electronic transfer of student records and in determining the number of migra-tory children in each State. 
‘‘(2) I
NFORMATION SYSTEM .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary, in consulta-
tion with the States, shall ensure the linkage of migratory student record systems for the pur-pose of electronically exchanging, among the States, health and educational information re-garding all migratory students. The Secretary shall ensure such linkage occurs in a cost-effec-tive manner, utilizing systems used by the States prior to, or developed after, the date of the en-actment of this Act. The Secretary shall deter-mine the minimum data elements that each State receiving funds under this subpart shall collect and maintain. Such minimum data elements may include— 
‘‘(i) immunization records and other health 
information; 
‘‘(ii) elementary and secondary academic his-
tory (including partial credit), credit accrual, and results from State assessments required under section 1111(b)(2); 
‘‘(iii) other academic information essential to 
ensuring that migratory children achieve to the States’s academic standards; and 
‘‘(iv) eligibility for services under the Individ-
uals with Disabilities Education Act. 
‘‘(B) The Secretary shall consult with States 
before updating the data elements that each State receiving funds under this subpart shall be required to collect for purposes of electronic transfer of migratory student information and the requirements that States shall meet for im-mediate electronic access to such information. 
‘‘(3) N
O COST FOR CERTAIN TRANSFERS .—A 
State educational agency or local educational agency receiving assistance under this subpart shall make student records available to another State educational agency or local educational agency that requests the records at no cost to the requesting agency, if the request is made in order to meet the needs of a migratory child. 
‘‘(4) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than April 30, 
2016, the Secretary shall report to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives the Secretary’s findings and recommendations regarding the maintenance and transfer of health and educational information for migra-tory students by the States. 
‘‘(B) R
EQUIRED CONTENTS .—The Secretary 
shall include in such report— 
‘‘(i) a review of the progress of States in devel-
oping and linking electronic records transfer systems; 
‘‘(ii) recommendations for maintaining such 
systems; and 
‘‘(iii) recommendations for improving the con-
tinuity of services provided for migratory stu-dents. 
‘‘(c) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS.—The Secretary 
shall reserve not more than $10,000,000 of the amount reserved under section 1132 to carry out this section for each fiscal year. ‘‘(d) D
ATACOLLECTION .—The Secretary shall 
direct the National Center for Education Statis-tics to collect data on migratory children. 
‘‘SEC. 1139. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘As used in this subpart: 
‘‘(1) L OCAL OPERATING AGENCY .—The term 
‘local operating agency’ means— 
‘‘(A) a local educational agency to which a 
State educational agency makes a subgrant under this subpart; 
‘‘(B) a public or private agency with which a 
State educational agency or the Secretary makes an arrangement to carry out a project under this subpart; or 
‘‘(C) a State educational agency, if the State 
educational agency operates the State’s migra-tory education program or projects directly. 
‘‘(2) M
IGRATORY CHILD .—The term ‘migratory 
child’ means a child who is, or whose parent or spouse is, a migratory agricultural worker, in-cluding a migratory dairy worker, or a migra-tory fisher, and who, in the preceding 36 months, in order to obtain, or accompany such parent or spouse, in order to obtain, temporary or seasonal employment in agricultural or fish-ing work— 
‘‘(A) has moved from one school district to an-
other; 
‘‘(B) in a State that is comprised of a single 
school district, has moved from one administra-tive area to another within such district; or 
‘‘(C) resides in a school district of more than 
15,000 square miles, and migrates a distance of 20 miles or more to a temporary residence to en-gage in a fishing activity. 
‘‘Subpart 3—Prevention and Intervention Pro-
grams for Children and Youth Who Are Ne-glected, Delinquent, or At-Risk 
‘‘SEC. 1141. PURPOSE AND PROGRAM AUTHORIZA-
TION. 
‘‘(a) P URPOSE .—It is the purpose of this sub-
part— 
‘‘(1) to improve educational services for chil-
dren and youth in local and State institutions for neglected or delinquent children and youth so that such children and youth have the oppor-tunity to meet the same State academic stand-ards that all children in the State are expected to meet; 
‘‘(2) to provide such children and youth with 
the services needed to make a successful transi-tion from institutionalization to further school-ing or employment; and 
‘‘(3) to prevent at-risk youth from dropping 
out of school, and to provide dropouts, and chil-dren and youth returning from correctional fa-cilities or institutions for neglected or delin-quent children and youth, with a support sys-tem to ensure their continued education. 
‘‘(b) P
ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—From amounts 
appropriated under section 3(a)(1), the Sec-retary shall reserve 0.31 of one percent to carry out this subpart. 
‘‘(c) G
RANTS AWARDED .—From the amounts 
reserved under subsection (b) and not reserved under section 1004 and section 1159, the Sec-retary shall make grants to State educational agencies that have plans submitted under sec-tion 1154 approved to enable such agencies to award subgrants to State agencies and local educational agencies to establish or improve programs of education for neglected, delinquent, or at-risk children and youth. 
‘‘SEC. 1142. PAYMENTS FOR PROGRAMS UNDER 
THIS SUBPART. 
‘‘(a) A GENCY SUBGRANTS .—Based on the allo-
cation amount computed under section 1152, the Secretary shall allocate to each State edu-cational agency an amount necessary to make subgrants to State agencies under chapter A. 
‘‘(b) L
OCAL SUBGRANTS .—Each State shall re-
tain, for the purpose of carrying out chapter B, funds generated throughout the State under subpart 1 of this part based on children and youth residing in local correctional facilities, or attending community day programs for delin-quent children and youth. ‘‘CHAPTER A—STATE AGENCY PROGRAMS 
‘‘SEC. 1151. ELIGIBILITY. 
‘‘A State agency is eligible for assistance 
under this chapter if such State agency is re-sponsible for providing free public education for children and youth— 
‘‘(1) in institutions for neglected or delinquent 
children and youth; 
‘‘(2) attending community day programs for 
neglected or delinquent children and youth; or 
‘‘(3) in adult correctional institutions. 
‘‘SEC. 1152. ALLOCATION OF FUNDS. 
‘‘(a) S UBGRANTS TO STATE AGENCIES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each State agency de-
scribed in section 1151 (other than an agency in the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico) is eligible to receive a subgrant under this chapter, for each fiscal year, in an amount equal to the product of— 
‘‘(A) the number of neglected or delinquent 
children and youth described in section 1151 who— 
‘‘(i) are enrolled for at least 15 hours per week 
in education programs in adult correctional in-stitutions; and 
‘‘(ii) are enrolled for at least 20 hours per 
week— 
‘‘(I) in education programs in institutions for 
neglected or delinquent children and youth; or 
‘‘(II) in community day programs for ne-
glected or delinquent children and youth; and 
‘‘(B) 40 percent of the average per-pupil ex-
penditure in the State, except that the amount determined under this subparagraph shall not be less than 32 percent, nor more than 48 per-cent, of the average per-pupil expenditure in the United States. 
‘‘(2) S
PECIAL RULE .—The number of neglected 
or delinquent children and youth determined under paragraph (1) shall— 
‘‘(A) be determined by the State agency by a 
deadline set by the Secretary, except that no State agency shall be required to determine the number of such children and youth on a specific date set by the Secretary; and 
‘‘(B) be adjusted, as the Secretary determines 
is appropriate, to reflect the relative length of such agency’s annual programs. 
‘‘(b) S
UBGRANTS TO STATE AGENCIES IN PUER-
TORICO.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—For each fiscal year, the 
amount of the subgrant which a State agency in the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico shall be eligi-ble to receive under this chapter shall be the amount determined by multiplying the number of children counted under subsection (a)(1)(A) for the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico by the product of— 
‘‘(A) the percentage which the average per- 
pupil expenditure in the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico is of the lowest average per-pupil expenditure of any of the 50 States; and 
‘‘(B) 32 percent of the average per-pupil ex-
penditure in the United States. 
‘‘(2) M
INIMUM PERCENTAGE .—The percentage 
in paragraph (1)(A) shall not be less than 85 percent. 
‘‘(c) R
ATABLE REDUCTIONS IN CASE OF INSUF-
FICIENT APPROPRIATIONS .—If the amount re-
served for any fiscal year for subgrants under subsections (a) and (b) is insufficient to pay the full amount for which all State agencies are eli-gible under such subsections, the Secretary shall ratably reduce each such amount. 
‘‘SEC. 1153. STATE REALLOCATION OF FUNDS. 
‘‘If a State educational agency determines 
that a State agency does not need the full amount of the subgrant for which such State agency is eligible under this chapter for any fis-cal year, the State educational agency may re-allocate the amount that will not be needed to other eligible State agencies that need addi-tional funds to carry out the purpose of this chapter, in such amounts as the State edu-cational agency shall determine. 
‘‘SEC. 1154. STATE PLAN AND STATE AGENCY AP-
PLICATIONS. 
‘‘(a) S TATE PLAN.— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.015 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1207 February 26, 2015 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each State educational 
agency that desires to receive a grant under this chapter shall submit, for approval by the Sec-retary, a plan— 
‘‘(A) for meeting the educational needs of ne-
glected, delinquent, and at-risk children and youth; 
‘‘(B) for assisting in the transition of children 
and youth from correctional facilities to locally operated programs; and 
‘‘(C) that is integrated with other programs 
under this Act or other Acts, as appropriate. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—Each such State plan shall— 
‘‘(A) describe how the State will assess the ef-
fectiveness of the program in improving the aca-demic, career, and technical skills of children in the program; 
‘‘(B) provide that, to the extent feasible, such 
children will have the same opportunities to achieve as such children would have if such children were in the schools of local educational agencies in the State; 
‘‘(C) describe how the State will place a pri-
ority for such children to obtain a regular high school diploma, to the extent feasible; and 
‘‘(D) contain an assurance that the State edu-
cational agency will— 
‘‘(i) ensure that programs assisted under this 
chapter will be carried out in accordance with the State plan described in this subsection; 
‘‘(ii) carry out the evaluation requirements of 
section 1171; and 
‘‘(iii) ensure that the State agencies receiving 
subgrants under this chapter comply with all applicable statutory and regulatory require-ments. 
‘‘(3) D
URATION OF THE PLAN .—Each such 
State plan shall— 
‘‘(A) remain in effect for the duration of the 
State’s participation under this chapter; and 
‘‘(B) be periodically reviewed and revised by 
the State, as necessary, to reflect changes in the State’s strategies and programs under this chap-ter. 
‘‘(b) S
ECRETARIAL APPROVAL AND PEERRE-
VIEW.— 
‘‘(1) S ECRETARIAL APPROVAL .—The Secretary 
shall approve each State plan that meets the re-quirements of this chapter. 
‘‘(2) P
EER REVIEW .—The Secretary may review 
any State plan with the assistance and advice of individuals with relevant expertise. 
‘‘(c) S
TATE AGENCY APPLICATIONS .—Any State 
agency that desires to receive funds to carry out a program under this chapter shall submit an application to the State educational agency that— 
‘‘(1) describes the procedures to be used, con-
sistent with the State plan under section 1111, to assess the educational needs of the children to be served under this chapter; 
‘‘(2) provide an assurance that in making 
services available to children and youth in adult correctional institutions, priority will be given to such children and youth who are likely to complete incarceration within a 2-year period; 
‘‘(3) describes the program, including a budget 
for the first year of the program, with annual updates to be provided to the State educational agency; 
‘‘(4) describes how the program will meet the 
goals and objectives of the State plan; 
‘‘(5) describes how the State agency will con-
sult with experts and provide the necessary training for appropriate staff, to ensure that the planning and operation of institution-wide projects under section 1156 are of high quality; 
‘‘(6) describes how the programs will be co-
ordinated with other appropriate State and Fed-eral programs, such as programs under title I of Public Law 105–220, career and technical edu-cation programs, State and local dropout pre-vention programs, and special education pro-grams; 
‘‘(7) describes how the State agency will en-
courage correctional facilities receiving funds under this chapter to coordinate with local edu-cational agencies or alternative education pro-grams attended by incarcerated children and 
youth prior to and after their incarceration to ensure that student assessments and appro-priate academic records are shared jointly be-tween the correctional facility and the local educational agency or alternative education program; 
‘‘(8) describes how appropriate professional 
development will be provided to teachers and other staff; 
‘‘(9) designates an individual in each affected 
correctional facility or institution for neglected or delinquent children and youth to be respon-sible for issues relating to the transition of such children and youth from such facility or institu-tion to locally operated programs; 
‘‘(10) describes how the State agency will en-
deavor to coordinate with businesses for train-ing and mentoring for participating children and youth; 
‘‘(11) provides an assurance that the State 
agency will assist in locating alternative pro-grams through which students can continue their education if the students are not returning to school after leaving the correctional facility or institution for neglected or delinquent chil-dren and youth; 
‘‘(12) provides assurances that the State agen-
cy will work with parents to secure parents’ as-sistance in improving the educational achieve-ment of their children and youth, and pre-venting their children’s and youth’s further in-volvement in delinquent activities; 
‘‘(13) provides an assurance that the State 
agency will work with children and youth with disabilities in order to meet an existing individ-ualized education program and an assurance that the agency will notify the child’s or youth’s local school if the child or youth— 
‘‘(A) is identified as in need of special edu-
cation services while the child or youth is in the correctional facility or institution for neglected or delinquent children and youth; and 
‘‘(B) intends to return to the local school; 
‘‘(14) provides an assurance that the State 
agency will work with children and youth who dropped out of school before entering the correc-tional facility or institution for neglected or de-linquent children and youth to encourage the children and youth to reenter school and obtain a regular high school diploma once the term of the incarceration is completed, or provide the child or youth with the skills necessary to gain employment, continue the education of the child or youth, or obtain a regular high school di-ploma or its recognized equivalent if the child or youth does not intend to return to school; 
‘‘(15) provides an assurance that effective 
teachers and other qualified staff are trained to work with children and youth with disabilities and other students with special needs taking into consideration the unique needs of such stu-dents; 
‘‘(16) describes any additional services to be 
provided to children and youth, such as career counseling, distance education, and assistance in securing student loans and grants; and 
‘‘(17) provides an assurance that the program 
under this chapter will be coordinated with any programs operated under the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5601 et seq.) or other comparable pro-grams, if applicable. 
‘‘SEC. 1155. USE OF FUNDS. 
‘‘(a) U SES.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State agency shall use 
funds received under this chapter only for pro-grams and projects that— 
‘‘(A) are consistent with the State plan under 
section 1154(a); and 
‘‘(B) concentrate on providing participants 
with the knowledge and skills needed to make a successful transition to secondary school com-pletion, career and technical education, further education, or employment without the need for remediation. 
‘‘(2) P
ROGRAMS AND PROJECTS .—Such pro-
grams and projects— ‘‘(A) may include the acquisition of equip-
ment; 
‘‘(B) shall be designed to support educational 
services that— 
‘‘(i) except for institution-wide projects under 
section 1156, are provided to children and youth identified by the State agency as failing, or most at-risk of failing, to meet the State’s academic standards; 
‘‘(ii) supplement and improve the quality of 
the educational services provided to such chil-dren and youth by the State agency; and 
‘‘(iii) afford such children and youth an op-
portunity to meet State academic standards; and 
‘‘(C) shall be carried out in a manner con-
sistent with section 1120A and part C (as ap-plied to programs and projects under this chap-ter). 
‘‘(b) S
UPPLEMENT , NOTSUPPLANT .—A program 
under this chapter that supplements the number of hours of instruction students receive from State and local sources shall be considered to comply with the supplement, not supplant re-quirement of section 1120A (as applied to this chapter) without regard to the subject areas in which instruction is given during those hours. 
‘‘SEC. 1156. INSTITUTION-WIDE PROJECTS. 
‘‘A State agency that provides free public edu-
cation for children and youth in an institution for neglected or delinquent children and youth (other than an adult correctional institution) or attending a community day program for such children and youth may use funds received under this chapter to serve all children in, and upgrade the entire educational effort of, that in-stitution or program if the State agency has de-veloped, and the State educational agency has approved, a comprehensive plan for that institu-tion or program that— 
‘‘(1) provides for a comprehensive assessment 
of the educational needs of all children and youth in the institution or program serving ju-veniles; 
‘‘(2) provides for a comprehensive assessment 
of the educational needs of youth aged 20 and younger in adult facilities who are expected to complete incarceration within a 2-year period; 
‘‘(3) describes the steps the State agency has 
taken, or will take, to provide all children and youth under age 21 with the opportunity to meet State academic standards in order to improve the likelihood that the children and youth will complete secondary school, obtain a regular high school diploma or its recognized equiva-lent, or find employment after leaving the insti-tution; 
‘‘(4) describes the instructional program, spe-
cialized instructional support services, and pro-cedures that will be used to meet the needs de-scribed in paragraph (1), including, to the ex-tent feasible, the provision of mentors for the children and youth described in paragraph (1); 
‘‘(5) specifically describes how such funds will 
be used; 
‘‘(6) describes the measures and procedures 
that will be used to assess and improve student achievement; 
‘‘(7) describes how the agency has planned, 
and will implement and evaluate, the institu-tion-wide or program-wide project in consulta-tion with personnel providing direct instruc-tional services and support services in institu-tions or community day programs for neglected or delinquent children and youth, and with per-sonnel from the State educational agency; and 
‘‘(8) includes an assurance that the State 
agency has provided for appropriate training for teachers and other instructional and admin-istrative personnel to enable such teachers and personnel to carry out the project effectively. 
‘‘SEC. 1157. THREE-YEAR PROGRAMS OR 
PROJECTS. 
‘‘If a State agency operates a program or 
project under this chapter in which individual children or youth are likely to participate for more than one year, the State educational agen-cy may approve the State agency’s application 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.015 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1208 February 26, 2015 
for a subgrant under this chapter for a period of 
not more than 3 years. 
‘‘SEC. 1158. TRANSITION SERVICES. 
‘‘(a) T RANSITION SERVICES .—Each State agen-
cy shall reserve not less than 15 percent and not more than 30 percent of the amount such agency receives under this chapter for any fiscal year to support— 
‘‘(1) projects that facilitate the transition of 
children and youth from State-operated institu-tions to schools served by local educational agencies; or 
‘‘(2) the successful re-entry of youth offend-
ers, who are age 20 or younger and have re-ceived a regular high school diploma or its rec-ognized equivalent, into postsecondary edu-cation, or career and technical training pro-grams, through strategies designed to expose the youth to, and prepare the youth for, postsec-ondary education, or career and technical train-ing programs, such as— 
‘‘(A) preplacement programs that allow adju-
dicated or incarcerated youth to audit or attend courses on college, university, or community col-lege campuses, or through programs provided in institutional settings; 
‘‘(B) worksite schools, in which institutions of 
higher education and private or public employ-ers partner to create programs to help students make a successful transition to postsecondary education and employment; and 
‘‘(C) essential support services to ensure the 
success of the youth, such as— 
‘‘(i) personal, career and technical, and aca-
demic counseling; 
‘‘(ii) placement services designed to place the 
youth in a university, college, or junior college program; 
‘‘(iii) information concerning, and assistance 
in obtaining, available student financial aid; 
‘‘(iv) counseling services; and ‘‘(v) job placement services. ‘‘(b) C
ONDUCT OF PROJECTS .—A project sup-
ported under this section may be conducted di-rectly by the State agency, or through a con-tract or other arrangement with one or more local educational agencies, other public agen-cies, or private organizations. 
‘‘(c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
section shall be construed to prohibit a school that receives funds under subsection (a) from serving neglected and delinquent children and youth simultaneously with students with similar educational needs, in the same educational set-tings where appropriate. 
‘‘SEC. 1159. TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE. 
‘‘The Secretary shall reserve not more than 1 
percent of the amount reserved under section 1141 to provide technical assistance to and sup-port State agency programs assisted under this chapter. 
‘‘CHAPTER B—LOCAL AGENCY PROGRAMS 
‘‘SEC. 1161. PURPOSE. 
‘‘The purpose of this chapter is to support the 
operation of local educational agency programs that involve collaboration with locally operated correctional facilities— 
‘‘(1) to carry out high quality education pro-
grams to prepare children and youth for sec-ondary school completion, training, employ-ment, or further education; 
‘‘(2) to provide activities to facilitate the tran-
sition of such children and youth from the cor-rectional program to further education or em-ployment; and 
‘‘(3) to operate programs in local schools for 
children and youth returning from correctional facilities, and programs which may serve at-risk children and youth. 
‘‘SEC. 1162. PROGRAMS OPERATED BY LOCAL EDU-
CATIONAL AGENCIES. 
‘‘(a) L OCAL SUBGRANTS .—With funds made 
available under section 1142(b), the State edu-cational agency shall award subgrants to local educational agencies with high numbers or per-centages of children and youth residing in lo-cally operated (including county operated) cor-
rectional facilities for children and youth (in-cluding facilities involved in community day programs). 
‘‘(b) S
PECIAL RULE.—A local educational 
agency that serves a school operated by a cor-rectional facility is not required to operate a program of support for children and youth re-turning from such school to a school that is not operated by a correctional agency but served by such local educational agency, if more than 30 percent of the children and youth attending the school operated by the correctional facility will reside outside the boundaries served by the local educational agency after leaving such facility. 
‘‘(c) N
OTIFICATION .—A State educational 
agency shall notify local educational agencies within the State of the eligibility of such agen-cies to receive a subgrant under this chapter. 
‘‘(d) T
RANSITIONAL AND ACADEMIC SERVICES .— 
Transitional and supportive programs operated in local educational agencies under this chapter shall be designed primarily to meet the transi-tional and academic needs of students returning to local educational agencies or alternative edu-cation programs from correctional facilities. Services to students at-risk of dropping out of school shall not have a negative impact on meet-ing the transitional and academic needs of the students returning from correctional facilities. 
‘‘SEC. 1163. LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY APPLI-
CATIONS. 
‘‘Each local educational agency desiring as-
sistance under this chapter shall submit an ap-plication to the State educational agency that contains such information as the State edu-cational agency may require. Each such appli-cation shall include— 
‘‘(1) a description of the program to be as-
sisted; 
‘‘(2) a description of formal agreements, re-
garding the program to be assisted, between— 
‘‘(A) the local educational agency; and ‘‘(B) correctional facilities and alternative 
school programs serving children and youth in-volved with the juvenile justice system; 
‘‘(3) as appropriate, a description of how par-
ticipating schools will coordinate with facilities working with delinquent children and youth to ensure that such children and youth are partici-pating in an education program comparable to one operating in the local school such youth would attend; 
‘‘(4) a description of the program operated by 
participating schools for children and youth re-turning from correctional facilities and, as ap-propriate, the types of services that such schools will provide such children and youth and other at-risk children and youth; 
‘‘(5) a description of the characteristics (in-
cluding learning difficulties, substance abuse problems, and other needs) of the children and youth who will be returning from correctional facilities and, as appropriate, other at-risk chil-dren and youth expected to be served by the program, and a description of how the school will coordinate existing educational programs to meet the unique educational needs of such chil-dren and youth; 
‘‘(6) as appropriate, a description of how 
schools will coordinate with existing social, health, and other services to meet the needs of students returning from correctional facilities and at-risk children or youth, including pre-natal health care and nutrition services related to the health of the parent and the child or youth, parenting and child development classes, child care, targeted reentry and outreach pro-grams, referrals to community resources, and scheduling flexibility; 
‘‘(7) as appropriate, a description of any part-
nerships with local businesses to develop train-ing, curriculum-based youth entrepreneurship education, and mentoring services for partici-pating students; 
‘‘(8) as appropriate, a description of how the 
program will involve parents in efforts to im-prove the educational achievement of their chil-dren, assist in dropout prevention activities, and 
prevent the involvement of their children in de-linquent activities; 
‘‘(9) a description of how the program under 
this chapter will be coordinated with other Fed-eral, State, and local programs, such as pro-grams under title I of Public Law 105–220 and career and technical education programs serving at-risk children and youth; 
‘‘(10) a description of how the program will be 
coordinated with programs operated under the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974 and other comparable programs, if applicable; 
‘‘(11) as appropriate, a description of how 
schools will work with probation officers to as-sist in meeting the needs of children and youth returning from correctional facilities; 
‘‘(12) a description of the efforts participating 
schools will make to ensure correctional facili-ties working with children and youth are aware of a child’s or youth’s existing individualized education program; and 
‘‘(13) as appropriate, a description of the steps 
participating schools will take to find alter-native placements for children and youth inter-ested in continuing their education but unable to participate in a traditional public school pro-gram. 
‘‘SEC. 1164. USES OF FUNDS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Funds provided to local 
educational agencies under this chapter may be used, as appropriate, for— 
‘‘(1) programs that serve children and youth 
returning to local schools from correctional fa-cilities, to assist in the transition of such chil-dren and youth to the school environment and help them remain in school in order to complete their education; 
‘‘(2) dropout prevention programs which serve 
at-risk children and youth; 
‘‘(3) the coordination of health and social 
services for such individuals if there is a likeli-hood that the provision of such services, includ-ing day care, drug and alcohol counseling, and mental health services, will improve the likeli-hood such individuals will complete their edu-cation; 
‘‘(4) special programs to meet the unique aca-
demic needs of participating children and youth, including career and technical edu-cation, special education, career counseling, curriculum-based youth entrepreneurship edu-cation, and assistance in securing student loans or grants for postsecondary education; and 
‘‘(5) programs providing mentoring and peer 
mediation. 
‘‘(b) C
ONTRACTS AND GRANTS .—A local edu-
cational agency may use a grant received under this chapter to carry out the activities described under paragraphs (1) through (5) of subsection (a) directly or through grants, contracts, or co-operative agreements. 
‘‘SEC. 1165. PROGRAM REQUIREMENTS FOR COR-
RECTIONAL FACILITIES RECEIVING FUNDS UNDER THIS SECTION. 
‘‘Each correctional facility entering into an 
agreement with a local educational agency under section 1163(2) to provide services to chil-dren and youth under this chapter shall— 
‘‘(1) where feasible, ensure that educational 
programs in the correctional facility are coordi-nated with the student’s home school, particu-larly with respect to a student with an individ-ualized education program under part B of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act; 
‘‘(2) if the child or youth is identified as in 
need of special education services while in the correctional facility, notify the local school of the child or youth of such need; 
‘‘(3) where feasible, provide transition assist-
ance to help the child or youth stay in school, including coordination of services for the fam-ily, counseling, assistance in accessing drug and alcohol abuse prevention programs, tutoring, and family counseling; 
‘‘(4) provide support programs that encourage 
children and youth who have dropped out of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.015 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1209 February 26, 2015 
school to re-enter school and obtain a regular 
high school diploma once their term at the cor-rectional facility has been completed, or provide such children and youth with the skills nec-essary to gain employment or seek a regular high school diploma or its recognized equiva-lent; 
‘‘(5) work to ensure that the correctional facil-
ity is staffed with effective teachers and other qualified staff who are trained to work with children and youth with disabilities taking into consideration the unique needs of such children and youth; 
‘‘(6) ensure that educational programs in the 
correctional facility are related to assisting stu-dents to meet the States’s academic standards; 
‘‘(7) to the extent possible, use technology to 
assist in coordinating educational programs be-tween the correctional facility and the commu-nity school; 
‘‘(8) where feasible, involve parents in efforts 
to improve the educational achievement of their children and prevent the further involvement of such children in delinquent activities; 
‘‘(9) coordinate funds received under this 
chapter with other local, State, and Federal funds available to provide services to partici-pating children and youth, such as funds made available under title I of Public Law 105–220, and career and technical education funds; 
‘‘(10) coordinate programs operated under this 
chapter with activities funded under the Juve-nile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974 and other comparable programs, if applica-ble; 
‘‘(11) if appropriate, work with local busi-
nesses to develop training, curriculum-based youth entrepreneurship education, and men-toring programs for children and youth; and 
‘‘(12) consult with the local educational agen-
cy for a period jointly determined necessary by the correctional facility and local educational agency upon discharge from that facility to co-ordinate educational services so as to minimize disruption to the child’s or youth’s achievement. 
‘‘SEC. 1166. ACCOUNTABILITY. 
‘‘The State educational agency— 
‘‘(1) may require correctional facilities or in-
stitutions for neglected or delinquent children and youth to demonstrate, after receiving assist-ance under this chapter for 3 years, that there has been an increase in the number of children and youth returning to school, obtaining a reg-ular high school diploma or its recognized equiv-alent, or obtaining employment after such chil-dren and youth are released; and 
‘‘(2) may reduce or terminate funding for 
projects under this chapter if a local edu-cational agency does not show progress in the number of children and youth obtaining a reg-ular high school diploma or its recognized equiv-alent. 
‘‘CHAPTER C—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
‘‘SEC. 1171. PROGRAM EVALUATIONS. 
‘‘(a) S COPE OF EVALUATION .—Each State 
agency or local educational agency that con-ducts a program under chapter A or B shall evaluate the program, disaggregating data on participation by gender, race, ethnicity, and age, while protecting individual student pri-vacy, not less than once every 3 years, to deter-mine the program’s impact on the ability of par-ticipants— 
‘‘(1) to maintain and improve educational 
achievement; 
‘‘(2) to accrue school credits that meet State 
requirements for grade promotion and high school graduation; 
‘‘(3) to make the transition to a regular pro-
gram or other education program operated by a local educational agency; 
‘‘(4) to complete high school (or high school 
equivalency requirements) and obtain employ-ment after leaving the correctional facility or in-stitution for neglected or delinquent children and youth; and 
‘‘(5) as appropriate, to participate in postsec-
ondary education and job training programs. ‘‘(b) E
XCEPTION .—The disaggregation required 
under subsection (a) shall not be required in a case in which the number of students in a cat-egory is insufficient to yield statistically reliable information or the results would reveal person-ally identifiable information about an indi-vidual student. 
‘‘(c) E
VALUATION MEASURES .—In conducting 
each evaluation under subsection (a), a State agency or local educational agency shall use multiple and appropriate measures of student progress. 
‘‘(d) E
VALUATION RESULTS .—Each State agen-
cy and local educational agency shall— 
‘‘(1) submit evaluation results to the State 
educational agency and the Secretary; and 
‘‘(2) use the results of evaluations under this 
section to plan and improve subsequent pro-grams for participating children and youth. 
‘‘SEC. 1172. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this subpart: 
‘‘(1) A DULT CORRECTIONAL INSTITUTION .—The 
term ‘adult correctional institution’ means a fa-cility in which persons (including persons under 21 years of age) are confined as a result of a conviction for a criminal offense. 
‘‘(2) A
T-RISK.—The term ‘at-risk’, when used 
with respect to a child, youth, or student, means a school-aged individual who— 
‘‘(A) is at-risk of academic failure; and ‘‘(B) has a drug or alcohol problem, is preg-
nant or is a parent, has come into contact with the juvenile justice system in the past, is at least 1 year behind the expected grade level for the age of the individual, is an English learner, is a gang member, has dropped out of school in the past, or has a high absenteeism rate at school. 
‘‘(3) C
OMMUNITY DAY PROGRAM .—The term 
‘community day program’ means a regular pro-gram of instruction provided by a State agency at a community day school operated specifically for neglected or delinquent children and youth. 
‘‘(4) I
NSTITUTION FOR NEGLECTED OR DELIN -
QUENT CHILDREN AND YOUTH .—The term ‘institu-
tion for neglected or delinquent children and youth’ means— 
‘‘(A) a public or private residential facility, 
other than a foster home, that is operated for the care of children who have been committed to the institution or voluntarily placed in the insti-tution under applicable State law, due to aban-donment, neglect, or death of their parents or guardians; or 
‘‘(B) a public or private residential facility for 
the care of children who have been adjudicated to be delinquent or in need of supervision. 
‘‘Subpart 4—English Language Acquisition, 
Language Enhancement, and Academic Achievement 
‘‘SEC. 1181. PURPOSES. 
‘‘The purposes of this subpart are— 
‘‘(1) to help ensure that English learners, in-
cluding immigrant children and youth, attain English proficiency and develop high levels of academic achievement in English; 
‘‘(2) to assist all English learners, including 
immigrant children and youth, to achieve at high levels so that those children can meet the same State academic standards that all children are expected to meet, consistent with section 1111(b)(1); 
‘‘(3) to assist State educational agencies, local 
educational agencies, and schools in estab-lishing, implementing, and sustaining high- quality, flexible, evidence-based language in-struction educational programs designed to as-sist in teaching English learners, including im-migrant children and youth; 
‘‘(4) to assist State educational agencies and 
local educational agencies to develop and en-hance their capacity to provide high-quality, evidence-based instructional programs designed to prepare English learners, including immi-grant children and youth, to enter all-English instruction settings; and 
‘‘(5) to promote parental and community par-
ticipation in language instruction educational programs for the parents and communities of 
English learners. 
‘‘CHAPTER A—GRANTS AND SUBGRANTS 
FOR ENGLISH LANGUAGE ACQUISITION AND LANGUAGE ENHANCEMENT 
‘‘SEC. 1191. FORMULA GRANTS TO STATES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In the case of each State 
educational agency having a plan approved by the Secretary for a fiscal year under section 1192, the Secretary shall reserve 4.6 percent of funds appropriated under section 3(a)(1) to make a grant for the year to the agency for the purposes specified in subsection (b). The grant shall consist of the allotment determined for the State educational agency under subsection (c). 
‘‘(b) U
SE OF FUNDS.— 
‘‘(1) S UBGRANTS TO ELIGIBLE ENTITIES .—The 
Secretary may make a grant under subsection (a) only if the State educational agency in-volved agrees to expend at least 95 percent of the State educational agency’s allotment under subsection (c) for a fiscal year— 
‘‘(A) to award subgrants, from allocations 
under section 1193, to eligible entities to carry out the activities described in section 1194 (other than subsection (e)); and 
‘‘(B) to award subgrants under section 
1193(d)(1) to eligible entities that are described in that section to carry out the activities de-scribed in section 1194(e). 
‘‘(2) S
TATE ACTIVITIES .—Subject to paragraph 
(3), each State educational agency receiving a grant under subsection (a) may reserve not more than 5 percent of the agency’s allotment under subsection (c) to carry out the following activi-ties: 
‘‘(A) Professional development activities, and 
other activities, which may include assisting personnel in— 
‘‘(i) meeting State and local certification and 
licensing requirements for teaching English learners; and 
‘‘(ii) improving teacher skills in meeting the 
diverse needs of English learners, including in how to implement evidence-based programs and curricula on teaching English learners. 
‘‘(B) Planning, evaluation, administration, 
and interagency coordination related to the sub-grants referred to in paragraph (1). 
‘‘(C) Providing technical assistance and other 
forms of assistance to eligible entities that are receiving subgrants from a State educational agency under this chapter, including assistance in— 
‘‘(i) identifying and implementing evidence- 
based language instruction educational pro-grams and curricula for teaching English learn-ers; 
‘‘(ii) helping English learners meet the same 
State academic standards that all children are expected to meet; 
‘‘(iii) identifying or developing, and imple-
menting, measures of English proficiency; and 
‘‘(iv) strengthening and increasing parent, 
family, and community engagement. 
‘‘(D) Providing recognition, which may in-
clude providing financial awards, to sub-grantees that have significantly improved the achievement and progress of English learners in— 
‘‘(i) reaching English language proficiency, 
based on the State’s English language pro-ficiency assessment under section 1111(b)(2)(D); and 
‘‘(ii) meeting the State academic standards 
under section 1111(b)(1). 
‘‘(3) A
DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .—From the 
amount reserved under paragraph (2), a State educational agency may use not more than 40 percent of such amount or $175,000, whichever is greater, for the planning and administrative costs of carrying out paragraphs (1) and (2). 
‘‘(c) R
ESERVATIONS AND ALLOTMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) R ESERVATIONS .—From the amount re-
served under section 1191(a) for each fiscal year, the Secretary shall reserve— 
‘‘(A) 0.5 percent of such amount for payments 
to outlying areas, to be allotted in accordance 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.015 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1210 February 26, 2015 
with their respective needs for assistance under 
this chapter, as determined by the Secretary, for activities, approved by the Secretary, consistent with this chapter; and 
‘‘(B) 6.5 percent of such amount for national 
activities under sections 1211 and 1222, except that not more than $2,000,000 of such amount may be reserved for the National Clearinghouse for English Language Acquisition and Lan-guage Instruction Educational Programs de-scribed in section 1222. 
‘‘(2) S
TATE ALLOTMENTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-
paragraph (B), from the amount reserved under section 1191(a) for each fiscal year that remains after making the reservations under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall allot to each State edu-cational agency having a plan approved under section 1192(c)— 
‘‘(i) an amount that bears the same relation-
ship to 80 percent of the remainder as the num-ber of English learners in the State bears to the number of such children in all States, as deter-mined by data available from the American Community Survey conducted by the Depart-ment of Commerce or State-reported data; and 
‘‘(ii) an amount that bears the same relation-
ship to 20 percent of the remainder as the num-ber of immigrant children and youth in the State bears to the number of such children and youth in all States, as determined based only on data available from the American Community Survey conducted by the Department of Com-merce. 
‘‘(B) M
INIMUM ALLOTMENTS .—No State edu-
cational agency shall receive an allotment under this paragraph that is less than $500,000. 
‘‘(C) R
EALLOTMENT .—If any State educational 
agency described in subparagraph (A) does not submit a plan to the Secretary for a fiscal year, or submits a plan (or any amendment to a plan) that the Secretary, after reasonable notice and opportunity for a hearing, determines does not satisfy the requirements of this chapter, the Sec-retary shall reallot any portion of such allot-ment to the remaining State educational agen-cies in accordance with subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(D) S
PECIAL RULE FOR PUERTO RICO .—The 
total amount allotted to Puerto Rico for any fis-cal year under subparagraph (A) shall not ex-ceed 0.5 percent of the total amount allotted to all States for that fiscal year. 
‘‘(3) U
SE OF DATA FOR DETERMINATIONS .—In 
making State allotments under paragraph (2) for each fiscal year, the Secretary shall determine the number of English learners in a State and in all States, using the most accurate, up-to-date data, which shall be— 
‘‘(A) data from the American Community Sur-
vey conducted by the Department of Commerce, which may be multiyear estimates; 
‘‘(B) the number of students being assessed for 
English language proficiency, based on the State’s English language proficiency assessment under section 1111(b)(2)(D), which may be multiyear estimates; or 
‘‘(C) a combination of data available under 
subparagraphs (A) and (B). 
‘‘SEC. 1192. STATE EDUCATIONAL AGENCY PLANS. 
‘‘(a) F ILING FOR SUBGRANTS .—Each State edu-
cational agency desiring a grant under this chapter shall submit a plan to the Secretary at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may require. 
‘‘(b) C
ONTENTS .—Each plan submitted under 
subsection (a) shall— 
‘‘(1) describe the process that the agency will 
use in awarding subgrants to eligible entities under section 1193(d)(1); 
‘‘(2) provide an assurance that— ‘‘(A) the agency will ensure that eligible enti-
ties receiving a subgrant under this chapter comply with the requirement in section 1111(b)(2)(B)(x) to annually assess in English learners who have been in the United States for 3 or more consecutive years; 
‘‘(B) the agency will ensure that eligible enti-
ties receiving a subgrant under this chapter an-nually assess the English proficiency of all 
English learners participating in a program funded under this chapter, consistent with sec-tion 1111(b)(2)(D); 
‘‘(C) in awarding subgrants under section 
1193, the agency will address the needs of school systems of all sizes and in all geographic areas, including school systems with rural and urban schools; 
‘‘(D) subgrants to eligible entities under sec-
tion 1193(d)(1) will be of sufficient size and scope to allow such entities to carry out high- quality, evidence-based language instruction educational programs for English learners; 
‘‘(E) the agency will require an eligible entity 
receiving a subgrant under this chapter to use the subgrant in ways that will build such recipi-ent’s capacity to continue to offer high-quality evidence-based language instruction edu-cational programs that assist English learners in meeting State academic standards; 
‘‘(F) the agency will monitor the eligible enti-
ty receiving a subgrant under this chapter for compliance with applicable Federal fiscal re-quirements; and 
‘‘(G) the plan has been developed in consulta-
tion with local educational agencies, teachers, administrators of programs implemented under this chapter, parents, and other relevant stake-holders; 
‘‘(3) describe how the agency will coordinate 
its programs and activities under this chapter with other programs and activities under this Act and other Acts, as appropriate; 
‘‘(4) describe how eligible entities in the State 
will be given the flexibility to teach English learners— 
‘‘(A) using a high-quality, evidence-based lan-
guage instruction curriculum for teaching English learners; and 
‘‘(B) in the manner the eligible entities deter-
mine to be the most effective; and 
‘‘(5) describe how the agency will assist eligi-
ble entities in increasing the number of English learners who acquire English proficiency. 
‘‘(c) A
PPROVAL .—The Secretary, after using a 
peer review process, shall approve a plan sub-mitted under subsection (a) if the plan meets the requirements of this section. 
‘‘(d) D
URATION OF PLAN.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each plan submitted by a 
State educational agency and approved under subsection (c) shall— 
‘‘(A) remain in effect for the duration of the 
agency’s participation under this chapter; and 
‘‘(B) be periodically reviewed and revised by 
the agency, as necessary, to reflect changes to the agency’s strategies and programs carried out under this subpart. 
‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL INFORMATION .— 
‘‘(A) A MENDMENTS .—If the State educational 
agency amends the plan, the agency shall sub-mit such amendment to the Secretary. 
‘‘(B) A
PPROVAL .—The Secretary shall approve 
such amendment to an approved plan, unless the Secretary determines that the amendment will result in the agency not meeting the re-quirements, or fulfilling the purposes, of this subpart. 
‘‘(e) C
ONSOLIDATED PLAN.—A plan submitted 
under subsection (a) may be submitted as part of a consolidated plan under section 6302. 
‘‘(f) S
ECRETARY ASSISTANCE .—The Secretary 
shall provide technical assistance, if requested by the State, in the development of English pro-ficiency standards and assessments. 
‘‘SEC. 1193. WITHIN-STATE ALLOCATIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—After making the reserva-
tion required under subsection (d)(1), each State educational agency receiving a grant under sec-tion 1191(c)(2) shall award subgrants for a fiscal year by allocating in a timely manner to each eligible entity in the State having a plan ap-proved under section 1195 an amount that bears the same relationship to the amount received under the grant and remaining after making such reservation as the population of English learners in schools served by the eligible entity 
bears to the population of English learners in schools served by all eligible entities in the State. 
‘‘(b) L
IMITATION .—A State educational agency 
shall not award a subgrant from an allocation made under subsection (a) if the amount of such subgrant would be less than $10,000. 
‘‘(c) R
EALLOCATION .—Whenever a State edu-
cational agency determines that an amount from an allocation made to an eligible entity under subsection (a) for a fiscal year will not be used by the entity for the purpose for which the allocation was made, the agency shall, in ac-cordance with such rules as it determines to be appropriate, reallocate such amount, consistent with such subsection, to other eligible entities in the State that the agency determines will use the amount to carry out that purpose. 
‘‘(d) R
EQUIRED RESERVATION .—A State edu-
cational agency receiving a grant under this chapter for a fiscal year— 
‘‘(1) shall reserve not more than 15 percent of 
the agency’s allotment under section 1191(c)(2) to award subgrants to eligible entities in the State that have experienced a significant in-crease, as compared to the average of the 2 pre-ceding fiscal years, in the percentage or number of immigrant children and youth, who have en-rolled, during the fiscal year preceding the fis-cal year for which the subgrant is made, in pub-lic and nonpublic elementary schools and sec-ondary schools in the geographic areas under the jurisdiction of, or served by, such entities; and 
‘‘(2) in awarding subgrants under paragraph 
(1)— 
‘‘(A) shall equally consider eligible entities 
that satisfy the requirement of such paragraph but have limited or no experience in serving im-migrant children and youth; and 
‘‘(B) shall consider the quality of each local 
plan under section 1195 and ensure that each subgrant is of sufficient size and scope to meet the purposes of this subpart. 
‘‘SEC. 1194. SUBGRANTS TO ELIGIBLE ENTITIES. 
‘‘(a) P URPOSES OF SUBGRANTS .—A State edu-
cational agency may make a subgrant to an eli-gible entity from funds received by the agency under this chapter only if the entity agrees to expend the funds to improve the education of English learners, by assisting the children to learn English and meet State academic stand-ards. In carrying out activities with such funds, the eligible entity shall use evidence-based ap-proaches and methodologies for teaching English learners and immigrant children and youth for the following purposes: 
‘‘(1) Developing and implementing new lan-
guage instruction educational programs and academic content instruction programs for English learners and immigrant children and youth, including programs of early childhood education, elementary school programs, and sec-ondary school programs. 
‘‘(2) Carrying out highly focused, innovative, 
locally designed, evidence-based activities to ex-pand or enhance existing language instruction educational programs and academic content in-struction programs for English learners and im-migrant children and youth. 
‘‘(3) Implementing, within an individual 
school, schoolwide programs for restructuring, reforming, and upgrading all relevant programs, activities, and operations relating to language instruction educational programs and academic content instruction for English learners and im-migrant children and youth. 
‘‘(4) Implementing, within the entire jurisdic-
tion of a local educational agency, agencywide programs for restructuring, reforming, and up-grading all relevant programs, activities, and operations relating to language instruction edu-cational programs and academic content in-struction for English learners and immigrant children and youth. 
‘‘(b) A
DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .—Each eligi-
ble entity receiving funds under section 1193(a) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.015 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1211 February 26, 2015 
for a fiscal year shall use not more than 2 per-
cent of such funds for the cost of administering this chapter. 
‘‘(c) R
EQUIRED SUBGRANTEE ACTIVITIES .—An 
eligible entity receiving funds under section 1193(a) shall use the funds— 
‘‘(1) to increase the English language pro-
ficiency of English learners by providing high- quality, evidence-based language instruction educational programs that meet the needs of English learners and have demonstrated success in increasing— 
‘‘(A) English language proficiency; and ‘‘(B) student academic achievement; ‘‘(2) to provide high-quality, evidence-based 
professional development to classroom teachers (including teachers in classroom settings that are not the settings of language instruction edu-cational programs), school leaders, administra-tors, and other school or community-based orga-nization personnel, that is— 
‘‘(A) designed to improve the instruction and 
assessment of English learners; 
‘‘(B) designed to enhance the ability of teach-
ers and school leaders to understand and imple-ment curricula, assessment practices and meas-ures, and instruction strategies for English learners; 
‘‘(C) evidence-based in increasing children’s 
English language proficiency or substantially increasing the subject matter knowledge, teach-ing knowledge, and teaching skills of teachers; and 
‘‘(D) of sufficient intensity and duration 
(which shall not include activities such as one- day or short-term workshops and conferences) to have a positive and lasting impact on the teachers’ performance in the classroom, except that this subparagraph shall not apply to an ac-tivity that is one component of a long-term, comprehensive professional development plan established by a teacher and the teacher’s su-pervisor based on an assessment of the needs of the teacher, the supervisor, the students of the teacher, and any local educational agency em-ploying the teacher, as appropriate; and 
‘‘(3) to provide and implement other evidence- 
based activities and strategies that enhance or supplement language instruction educational programs for English learners, including paren-tal and community engagement activities and strategies that serve to coordinate and align re-lated programs. 
‘‘(d) A
UTHORIZED SUBGRANTEE ACTIVITIES .— 
Subject to subsection (c), an eligible entity re-ceiving funds under section 1193(a) may use the funds to achieve one of the purposes described in subsection (a) by undertaking one or more of the following activities: 
‘‘(1) Upgrading program objectives and effec-
tive instruction strategies. 
‘‘(2) Improving the instruction program for 
English learners by identifying, acquiring, and upgrading curricula, instruction materials, edu-cational software, and assessment procedures. 
‘‘(3) Providing to English learners— ‘‘(A) tutorials and academic or career edu-
cation for English learners; and 
‘‘(B) intensified instruction. 
‘‘(4) Developing and implementing elementary 
school or secondary school language instruction educational programs that are coordinated with other relevant programs and services. 
‘‘(5) Improving the English language pro-
ficiency and academic achievement of English learners. 
‘‘(6) Providing community participation pro-
grams, family literacy services, and parent out-reach and training activities to English learners and their families— 
‘‘(A) to improve the English language skills of 
English learners; and 
‘‘(B) to assist parents in helping their children 
to improve their academic achievement and be-coming active participants in the education of their children. 
‘‘(7) Improving the instruction of English 
learners by providing for— ‘‘(A) the acquisition or development of edu-
cational technology or instructional materials; 
‘‘(B) access to, and participation in, electronic 
networks for materials, training, and commu-nication; and 
‘‘(C) incorporation of the resources described 
in subparagraphs (A) and (B) into curricula and programs, such as those funded under this chapter. 
‘‘(8) Carrying out other activities that are 
consistent with the purposes of this section. 
‘‘(e) A
CTIVITIES BY AGENCIES EXPERIENCING  
SUBSTANTIAL INCREASES IN IMMIGRANT CHIL-
DREN AND YOUTH .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—An eligible entity receiving 
funds under section 1193(d)(1) shall use the funds to pay for activities that provide en-hanced instructional opportunities for immi-grant children and youth, which may include— 
‘‘(A) family literacy, parent outreach, and 
training activities designed to assist parents to become active participants in the education of their children; 
‘‘(B) support for personnel, including para-
professionals who have been specifically trained, or are being trained, to provide services to immigrant children and youth; 
‘‘(C) provision of tutorials, mentoring, and 
academic or career counseling for immigrant children and youth; 
‘‘(D) identification, development, and acquisi-
tion of curricular materials, educational soft-ware, and technologies to be used in the pro-gram carried out with awarded funds; 
‘‘(E) basic instruction services that are di-
rectly attributable to the presence in the local educational agency involved of immigrant chil-dren and youth, including the payment of costs of providing additional classroom supplies, costs of transportation, or such other costs as are di-rectly attributable to such additional basic in-struction services; 
‘‘(F) other instruction services that are de-
signed to assist immigrant children and youth to achieve in elementary schools and secondary schools in the United States, such as programs of introduction to the educational system and civics education; and 
‘‘(G) activities, coordinated with community- 
based organizations, institutions of higher edu-cation, private sector entities, or other entities with expertise in working with immigrants, to assist parents of immigrant children and youth by offering comprehensive community services. 
‘‘(2) D
URATION OF SUBGRANTS .—The duration 
of a subgrant made by a State educational agen-cy under section 1193(d)(1) shall be determined by the agency in its discretion. 
‘‘(f) S
ELECTION OF METHOD OF INSTRUCTION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—To receive a subgrant from 
a State educational agency under this chapter, an eligible entity shall select one or more meth-ods or forms of instruction to be used in the pro-grams and activities undertaken by the entity to assist English learners to attain English lan-guage proficiency and meet State academic standards. 
‘‘(2) C
ONSISTENCY .—Such selection shall be 
consistent with sections 1204 through 1206. 
‘‘(g) S UPPLEMENT , NOTSUPPLANT .—Federal 
funds made available under this chapter shall be used so as to supplement the level of Federal, State, and local public funds that, in the ab-sence of such availability, would have been ex-pended for programs for English learners and immigrant children and youth and in no case to supplant such Federal, State, and local public funds. 
‘‘SEC. 1195. LOCAL PLANS. 
‘‘(a) F ILING FOR SUBGRANTS .—Each eligible 
entity desiring a subgrant from the State edu-cational agency under section 1193 shall submit a plan to the State educational agency at such time, in such manner, and containing such in-formation as the State educational agency may require. 
‘‘(b) C
ONTENTS .—Each plan submitted under 
subsection (a) shall— ‘‘(1) describe the evidence-based programs and 
activities proposed to be developed, imple-mented, and administered under the subgrant that will help English learners increase their English language proficiency and meet the State academic standards; 
‘‘(2) describe how the eligible entity will hold 
elementary schools and secondary schools re-ceiving funds under this chapter accountable for annually assessing the English language proficiency of all children participating under this subpart, consistent with section 1111(b); 
‘‘(3) describe how the eligible entity will pro-
mote parent and community engagement in the education of English learners; 
‘‘(4) contain an assurance that the eligible en-
tity consulted with teachers, researchers, school administrators, parents and community mem-bers, public or private organizations, and insti-tutions of higher education, in developing and implementing such plan; 
‘‘(5) describe how language instruction edu-
cational programs carried out under the subgrant will ensure that English learners being served by the programs develop English lan-guage proficiency; and 
‘‘(6) contain assurances that— ‘‘(A) each local educational agency that is in-
cluded in the eligible entity is complying with section 1112(g) prior to, and throughout, each school year; and 
‘‘(B) the eligible entity is not in violation of 
any State law, including State constitutional law, regarding the education of English learn-ers, consistent with sections 1205 and 1206. 
‘‘(c) T
EACHER ENGLISH FLUENCY .—Each eligi-
ble entity receiving a subgrant under section 1193 shall include in its plan a certification that all teachers in any language instruction edu-cational program for English learners that is, or will be, funded under this subpart are fluent in English and any other language used for in-struction, including having written and oral communications skills. 
‘‘CHAPTER B—ADMINISTRATION 
‘‘SEC. 1201. REPORTING. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Each eligible entity that 
receives a subgrant from a State educational agency under chapter A shall provide such agency, at the conclusion of every second fiscal year during which the subgrant is received, with a report, in a form prescribed by the agency, on the activities conducted and students served under this subpart that includes— 
‘‘(1) a description of the programs and activi-
ties conducted by the entity with funds received under chapter A during the two immediately preceding fiscal years, including how such pro-grams and activities supplemented programs funded primarily with State or local funds; 
‘‘(2) a description of the progress made by 
English learners in learning the English lan-guage and in meeting State academic standards; 
‘‘(3) the number and percentage of English 
learners in the programs and activities attaining English language proficiency based on the State English language proficiency standards estab-lished under section 1111(b)(1)(E) by the end of each school year, as determined by the State’s English language proficiency assessment under section 1111(b)(2)(D); 
‘‘(4) the number of English learners who exit 
the language instruction educational programs based on their attainment of English language proficiency and transitioned to classrooms not tailored for English learners; 
‘‘(5) a description of the progress made by 
English learners in meeting the State academic standards for each of the 2 years after such children are no longer receiving services under this subpart; 
‘‘(6) the number and percentage of English 
learners who have not attained English lan-guage proficiency within five years of initial classification as an English learner and first en-rollment in the local educational agency; and 
‘‘(7) any such other information as the State 
educational agency may require. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.015 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1212 February 26, 2015 
‘‘(b) U SE OF REPORT .—A report provided by 
an eligible entity under subsection (a) shall be used by the entity and the State educational agency— 
‘‘(1) to determine the effectiveness of programs 
and activities in assisting children who are English learners— 
‘‘(A) to attain English language proficiency; 
and 
‘‘(B) to make progress in meeting State aca-
demic standards under section 1111(b)(1); and 
‘‘(2) upon determining the effectiveness of pro-
grams and activities based on the criteria in paragraph (1), to decide how to improve pro-grams. 
‘‘SEC. 1202. ANNUAL REPORT. 
‘‘(a) S TATES .—Based upon the reports pro-
vided to a State educational agency under sec-tion 1201, each such agency that receives a grant under this subpart shall prepare and sub-mit annually to the Secretary a report on pro-grams and activities carried out by the State educational agency under this subpart and the effectiveness of such programs and activities in improving the education provided to English learners. 
‘‘(b) S
ECRETARY .—Annually, the Secretary 
shall prepare and submit to the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate a report— 
‘‘(1) on programs and activities carried out to 
serve English learners under this subpart, and the effectiveness of such programs and activities in improving the academic achievement and English language proficiency of English learn-ers; 
‘‘(2) on the types of language instruction edu-
cational programs used by local educational agencies or eligible entities receiving funding under this subpart to teach English learners; 
‘‘(3) containing a critical synthesis of data re-
ported by eligible entities to States under section 1201(a); 
‘‘(4) containing a description of technical as-
sistance and other assistance provided by State educational agencies under section 1191(b)(2)(C); 
‘‘(5) containing an estimate of the number of 
effective teachers working in language instruc-tion educational programs and educating English learners, and an estimate of the number of such teachers that will be needed for the suc-ceeding 5 fiscal years; 
‘‘(6) containing the number of programs or ac-
tivities, if any, that were terminated because the entities carrying out the programs or activities were not able to reach program goals; 
‘‘(7) containing the number of English learn-
ers served by eligible entities receiving funding under this subpart who were transitioned out of language instruction educational programs funded under this subpart into classrooms where instruction is not tailored for English learners; and 
‘‘(8) containing other information gathered 
from other reports submitted to the Secretary under this subpart when applicable. 
‘‘SEC. 1203. COORDINATION WITH RELATED PRO-
GRAMS. 
‘‘In order to maximize Federal efforts aimed at 
serving the educational needs of English learn-ers, the Secretary shall coordinate and ensure close cooperation with other entities carrying out programs serving language-minority and English learners that are administered by the Department and other agencies. The Secretary shall report to the Congress on parallel Federal programs in other agencies and departments. 
‘‘SEC. 1204. RULES OF CONSTRUCTION. 
‘‘Nothing in this subpart shall be construed— 
‘‘(1) to prohibit a local educational agency 
from serving English learners simultaneously with children with similar educational needs, in the same educational settings where appro-priate; ‘‘(2) to require a State or a local educational 
agency to establish, continue, or eliminate any particular type of instructional program for English learners; or 
‘‘(3) to limit the preservation or use of Native 
American languages. 
‘‘SEC. 1205. LEGAL AUTHORITY UNDER STATE 
LAW. 
‘‘Nothing in this subpart shall be construed to 
negate or supersede State law, or the legal au-thority under State law of any State agency, State entity, or State public official, over pro-grams that are under the jurisdiction of the State agency, entity, or official. 
‘‘SEC. 1206. CIVIL RIGHTS. 
‘‘Nothing in this subpart shall be construed in 
a manner inconsistent with any Federal law guaranteeing a civil right. 
‘‘SEC. 1207. PROHIBITION. 
‘‘In carrying out this subpart, the Secretary 
shall neither mandate nor preclude the use of a particular curricular or pedagogical approach to educating English learners. 
‘‘SEC. 1208. PROGRAMS FOR NATIVE AMERICANS 
AND PUERTO RICO. 
‘‘Notwithstanding any other provision of this 
subpart, programs authorized under this sub-part that serve Native American (including Na-tive American Pacific Islander) children and children in the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico may include programs of instruction, teacher training, curriculum development, evaluation, and assessment designed for Native American children learning and studying Native American languages and children of limited Spanish pro-ficiency, except that an outcome of programs serving such children shall be increased English proficiency among such children. 
‘‘CHAPTER C—NATIONAL ACTIVITIES 
‘‘SEC. 1211. NATIONAL PROFESSIONAL DEVELOP-
MENT PROJECT. 
‘‘The Secretary shall use funds made available 
under section 1191(c)(1)(B) to award grants on a competitive basis, for a period of not more than 5 years, to institutions of higher education or public or private organizations with relevant ex-perience and capacity (in consortia with State educational agencies or local educational agen-cies) to provide for professional development ac-tivities that will improve classroom instruction for English learners and assist educational per-sonnel working with such children to meet high professional standards, including standards for certification and licensure as teachers who work in language instruction educational programs or serve English learners. Grants awarded under this subsection may be used— 
‘‘(1) for preservice, evidence-based profes-
sional development programs that will assist local schools and institutions of higher edu-cation to upgrade the qualifications and skills of educational personnel who are not certified or licensed, especially educational paraprofes-sionals; 
‘‘(2) for the development of curricula or other 
instructional strategies appropriate to the needs of the consortia participants involved; 
‘‘(3) to support strategies that strengthen and 
increase parent and community member engage-ment in the education of English learners; and 
‘‘(4) to share and disseminate evidence-based 
practices in the instruction of English learners and in increasing their student achievement. 
‘‘CHAPTER D—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
‘‘SEC. 1221. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘Except as otherwise provided, in this sub-
part: 
‘‘(1) C HILD.—The term ‘child’ means any indi-
vidual aged 3 through 21. 
‘‘(2) C OMMUNITY -BASED ORGANIZATION .—The 
term ‘community-based organization’ means a private nonprofit organization of demonstrated effectiveness, Indian tribe, or tribally sanctioned educational authority, that is representative of a community or significant segments of a com-munity and that provides educational or related services to individuals in the community. Such 
term includes a Native Hawaiian or Native American Pacific Islander native language edu-cational organization. 
‘‘(3) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible enti-
ty’ means— 
‘‘(A) one or more local educational agencies; 
or 
‘‘(B) one or more local educational agencies, 
in consortia (or collaboration) with an institu-tion of higher education, community-based or-ganization, or State educational agency. 
‘‘(4) I
MMIGRANT CHILDREN AND YOUTH .—The 
term ‘immigrant children and youth’ means in-dividuals who— 
‘‘(A) are age 3 through 21; ‘‘(B) were not born in any State; and ‘‘(C) have not been attending one or more 
schools in any one or more States for more than 3 full academic years. 
‘‘(5) I
NDIAN TRIBE .—The term ‘Indian tribe’ 
means any Indian tribe, band, nation, or other organized group or community, including any Native village or Regional Corporation or Vil-lage Corporation as defined in or established pursuant to the Alaska Native Claims Settle-ment Act, that is recognized as eligible for the special programs and services provided by the United States to Indians because of their status as Indians. 
‘‘(6) L
ANGUAGE INSTRUCTION EDUCATIONAL  
PROGRAM .—The term ‘language instruction edu-
cational program’ means an instruction course— 
‘‘(A) in which an English learner is placed for 
the purpose of developing and attaining English language proficiency, while meeting State aca-demic standards, as required by section 1111(b)(1); and 
‘‘(B) that may make instructional use of both 
English and a child’s native language to enable the child to develop and attain English lan-guage proficiency, and may include the partici-pation of English language proficient children if such course is designed to enable all partici-pating children to become proficient in English and a second language. 
‘‘(7) N
ATIVE LANGUAGE .—The term ‘native lan-
guage’, when used with reference to English learner, means— 
‘‘(A) the language normally used by such in-
dividual; or 
‘‘(B) in the case of a child or youth, the lan-
guage normally used by the parents of the child or youth. 
‘‘(8) P
ARAPROFESSIONAL .—The term ‘para-
professional’ means an individual who is em-ployed in a preschool, elementary school, or sec-ondary school under the supervision of a cer-tified or licensed teacher, including individuals employed in language instruction educational programs, special education, and migratory edu-cation. 
‘‘(9) S
TATE.—The term ‘State’ means each of 
the 50 States, the District of Columbia, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. 
‘‘SEC. 1222. NATIONAL CLEARINGHOUSE. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall estab-
lish and support the operation of a National Clearinghouse for English Language Acquisition and Language Instruction Educational Pro-grams, which shall collect, analyze, synthesize, and disseminate information about language in-struction educational programs for English learners, and related programs. The National Clearinghouse shall— 
‘‘(1) be administered as an adjunct clearing-
house of the Educational Resources Information Center Clearinghouses system supported by the Institute of Education Sciences; 
‘‘(2) coordinate activities with Federal data 
and information clearinghouses and entities op-erating Federal dissemination networks and sys-tems; 
‘‘(3) develop a system for improving the oper-
ation and effectiveness of federally funded lan-guage instruction educational programs; 
‘‘(4) collect and disseminate information on— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.015 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1213 February 26, 2015 
‘‘(A) educational research and processes re-
lated to the education of English learners; and 
‘‘(B) accountability systems that monitor the 
academic progress of English learners in lan-guage instruction educational programs, includ-ing information on academic content and English language proficiency assessments for language instruction educational programs; and 
‘‘(5) publish, on an annual basis, a list of 
grant recipients under this subpart. 
‘‘(b) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section 
shall authorize the Secretary to hire new per-sonnel to execute subsection (a). 
‘‘SEC. 1223. REGULATIONS. 
‘‘In developing regulations under this sub-
part, the Secretary shall consult with State edu-cational agencies and local educational agen-cies, organizations representing English learn-ers, and organizations representing teachers and other personnel involved in the education of English learners. 
‘‘Subpart 5—Rural Education Achievement 
Program 
‘‘SEC. 1230. PURPOSE. 
‘‘It is the purpose of this subpart to address 
the unique needs of rural school districts that frequently— 
‘‘(1) lack the personnel and resources needed 
to compete effectively for Federal competitive grants; and 
‘‘(2) receive formula grant allocations in 
amounts too small to be effective in meeting their intended purposes. 
‘‘CHAPTER A—SMALL, RURAL SCHOOL 
ACHIEVEMENT PROGRAM 
‘‘SEC. 1231. GRANT PROGRAM AUTHORIZED. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—From amounts appro-
priated under section 3(a)(1) for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall reserve 0.6 of one percent to award grants to eligible local educational agen-cies to enable the local educational agencies to carry out activities authorized under any of the following provisions: 
‘‘(1) Part A of title I. ‘‘(2) Title II. ‘‘(3) Title III. ‘‘(b) A
LLOCATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-
graph (3), the Secretary shall award a grant under subsection (a) to a local educational agency eligible under subsection (d) for a fiscal year in an amount equal to the initial amount determined under paragraph (2) for the fiscal year minus the total amount received by the agency in subpart 2 of part A of title II for the preceding fiscal year. 
‘‘(2) D
ETERMINATION OF INITIAL AMOUNT .— 
The initial amount referred to in paragraph (1) is equal to $100 multiplied by the total number of students in excess of 50 students, in average daily attendance at the schools served by the local educational agency, plus $20,000, except that the initial amount may not exceed $60,000. 
‘‘(3) R
ATABLE ADJUSTMENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If the amount made avail-
able to carry out this section for any fiscal year is not sufficient to pay in full the amounts that local educational agencies are eligible to receive under paragraph (1) for such year, the Sec-retary shall ratably reduce such amounts for such year. 
‘‘(B) A
DDITIONAL AMOUNTS .—If additional 
funds become available for making payments under paragraph (1) for such fiscal year, pay-ments that were reduced under subparagraph (A) shall be increased on the same basis as such payments were reduced. 
‘‘(c) D
ISBURSEMENT .—The Secretary shall dis-
burse the funds awarded to a local educational agency under this section for a fiscal year not later than July 1 of that fiscal year. 
‘‘(d) E
LIGIBILITY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A local educational agency 
shall be eligible to use the applicable funding in accordance with subsection (a) if— 
‘‘(A)(i)(I) the total number of students in av-
erage daily attendance at all of the schools served by the local educational agency is fewer 
than 600; or 
‘‘(II) each county in which a school served by 
the local educational agency is located has a total population density of fewer than 10 per-sons per square mile; and 
‘‘(ii) all of the schools served by the local edu-
cational agency are designated with a school lo-cale code of 41, 42, or 43, as determined by the Secretary; or 
‘‘(B) the agency meets the criteria established 
in subparagraph (A)(i) and the Secretary, in ac-cordance with paragraph (2), grants the local educational agency’s request to waive the cri-teria described in subparagraph (A)(ii). 
‘‘(2) C
ERTIFICATION .—The Secretary shall de-
termine whether to waive the criteria described in paragraph (1)(A)(ii) based on a demonstra-tion by the local educational agency, and con-currence by the State educational agency, that the local educational agency is located in an area defined as rural by a governmental agency of the State. 
‘‘(3) H
OLD HARMLESS .—For a local edu-
cational agency that is not eligible under this chapter but met the eligibility requirements under this subsection as it was in effect prior to the date of the enactment of the Student Success Act, the agency shall receive— 
‘‘(A) for fiscal year 2016, 75 percent of the 
amount such agency received for fiscal year 2013; 
‘‘(B) for fiscal year 2017, 50 percent of the 
amount such agency received for fiscal year 2013; and 
‘‘(C) for fiscal year 2018, 25 percent of the 
amount such agency received for fiscal year 2013. 
‘‘(e) S
PECIAL ELIGIBILITY RULE.—A local edu-
cational agency that receives a grant under this chapter for a fiscal year is not eligible to receive funds for such fiscal year under chapter B. 
‘‘CHAPTER B—RURAL AND LOW-INCOME 
SCHOOL PROGRAM 
‘‘SEC. 1235. PROGRAM AUTHORIZED. 
‘‘(a) G RANTS TO STATES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—From amounts appro-
priated under section 3(a)(1) for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall reserve 0.6 of one percent for this chapter for a fiscal year that are not re-served under subsection (c) to award grants (from allotments made under paragraph (2)) for the fiscal year to State educational agencies that have applications submitted under section 1237 approved to enable the State educational agencies to award grants to eligible local edu-cational agencies for local authorized activities described in section 1236(a). 
‘‘(2) A
LLOTMENT .—From amounts described in 
paragraph (1) for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall allot to each State educational agency for that fiscal year an amount that bears the same ratio to those amounts as the number of stu-dents in average daily attendance served by eli-gible local educational agencies in the State for that fiscal year bears to the number of all such students served by eligible local educational agencies in all States for that fiscal year. 
‘‘(3) S
PECIALLY QUALIFIED AGENCIES .— 
‘‘(A) E LIGIBILITY AND APPLICATION .—If a 
State educational agency elects not to partici-pate in the program under this subpart or does not have an application submitted under section 1237 approved, a specially qualified agency in such State desiring a grant under this subpart may submit an application under such section directly to the Secretary to receive an award under this subpart. 
‘‘(B) D
IRECT AWARDS .—The Secretary may 
award, on a competitive basis or by formula, the amount the State educational agency is eligible to receive under paragraph (2) directly to a spe-cially qualified agency in the State that has submitted an application in accordance with subparagraph (A) and obtained approval of the application. 
‘‘(C) S
PECIALLY QUALIFIED AGENCY DEFINED .— 
In this subpart, the term ‘specially qualified agency’ means an eligible local educational 
agency served by a State educational agency that does not participate in a program under this subpart in a fiscal year, that may apply di-rectly to the Secretary for a grant in such year under this subsection. 
‘‘(b) L
OCAL AWARDS .— 
‘‘(1) E LIGIBILITY .—A local educational agency 
shall be eligible to receive a grant under this subpart if— 
‘‘(A) 20 percent or more of the children ages 5 
through 17 years served by the local educational agency are from families with incomes below the poverty line; and 
‘‘(B) all of the schools served by the agency 
are designated with a school locale code of 32, 33, 41, 42, 43, as determined by the Secretary. 
‘‘(2) A
WARD BASIS .—A State educational agen-
cy shall award grants to eligible local edu-cational agencies— 
‘‘(A) on a competitive basis; ‘‘(B) according to a formula based on the 
number of students in average daily attendance served by the eligible local educational agencies or schools in the State; or 
‘‘(C) according to an alternative formula, if, 
prior to awarding the grants, the State edu-cational agency demonstrates, to the satisfac-tion of the Secretary, that the alternative for-mula enables the State educational agency to allot the grant funds in a manner that serves equal or greater concentrations of children from families with incomes below the poverty line, relative to the concentrations that would be served if the State educational agency used the formula described in subparagraph (B). 
‘‘(c) R
ESERVATIONS .—From amounts reserved 
under section 1235(a)(1) for this chapter for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall reserve— 
‘‘(1) one-half of 1 percent to make awards to 
elementary schools or secondary schools oper-ated or supported by the Bureau of Indian Edu-cation, to carry out the activities authorized under this chapter; and 
‘‘(2) one-half of 1 percent to make awards to 
the outlying areas in accordance with their re-spective needs, to carry out the activities au-thorized under this chapter. 
‘‘SEC. 1236. USES OF FUNDS. 
‘‘(a) L OCAL AWARDS .—Grant funds awarded 
to local educational agencies under this chapter shall be used for activities authorized under any of the following: 
‘‘(1) Part A of title I. ‘‘(2) Title II. ‘‘(3) Title III. ‘‘(b) A
DMINISTRATIVE COSTS.—A State edu-
cational agency receiving a grant under this chapter may not use more than 5 percent of the amount of the grant for State administrative costs and to provide technical assistance to eli-gible local educational agencies. 
‘‘SEC. 1237. APPLICATIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Each State educational 
agency or specially qualified agency desiring to receive a grant under this chapter shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may require. 
‘‘(b) C
ONTENTS .—Each application submitted 
under subsection (a) shall include— 
‘‘(1) a description of how the State edu-
cational agency or specially qualified agency will ensure eligible local educational agencies receiving a grant under this chapter will use such funds to help students meet the State aca-demic standards under section 1111(b)(1); 
‘‘(2) if the State educational agency or spe-
cially qualified agency will competitively award grants to eligible local educational agencies, as described in section 1235(b)(2)(A), the applica-tion under the section shall include— 
‘‘(A) the methods and criteria the State edu-
cational agency or specially qualified agency will use for reviewing applications and award-ing funds to local educational agencies on a competitive basis; and 
‘‘(B) how the State educational agency or spe-
cially qualified agency will notify eligible local 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.015 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1214 February 26, 2015 
educational agencies of the grant competition; 
and 
‘‘(3) a description of how the State edu-
cational agency or specially qualified agency will provide technical assistance to eligible local educational agencies to help such agencies im-plement the activities described in section 1236(a). 
‘‘SEC. 1238. ACCOUNTABILITY. 
‘‘Each State educational agency or specially 
qualified agency that receives a grant under this chapter shall prepare and submit an annual report to the Secretary. The report shall de-scribe— 
‘‘(1) the methods and criteria the State edu-
cational agency or specially qualified agency used to award grants to eligible local edu-cational agencies, and to provide assistance to schools, under this chapter; 
‘‘(2) how local educational agencies and 
schools used funds provided under this chapter; and 
‘‘(3) the degree to which progress has been 
made toward having all students meet the State academic standards under section 1111(b)(1). 
‘‘SEC. 1239. CHOICE OF PARTICIPATION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—If a local educational 
agency is eligible for funding under chapters A and B of this subpart, such local educational agency may receive funds under either chapter A or chapter B for a fiscal year, but may not re-ceive funds under both chapters. 
‘‘(b) N
OTIFICATION .—A local educational 
agency eligible for both chapters A and B of this subpart shall notify the Secretary and the State educational agency under which of such chap-ters such local educational agency intends to re-ceive funds for a fiscal year by a date that is es-tablished by the Secretary for the notification. 
‘‘CHAPTER C—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
‘‘SEC. 1241. ANNUAL AVERAGE DAILY ATTEND-
ANCE DETERMINATION. 
‘‘(a) C ENSUS DETERMINATION .—Each local 
educational agency desiring a grant under sec-tion 1231 and each local educational agency or specially qualified agency desiring a grant under chapter B shall— 
‘‘(1) not later than December 1 of each year, 
conduct a census to determine the number of students in average daily attendance in kinder-garten through grade 12 at the schools served by the agency; and 
‘‘(2) not later than March 1 of each year, sub-
mit the number described in paragraph (1) to the Secretary (and to the State educational agency, in the case of a local educational agency seek-ing a grant under subpart 2). 
‘‘(b) P
ENALTY .—If the Secretary determines 
that a local educational agency or specially qualified agency has knowingly submitted false information under subsection (a) for the purpose of gaining additional funds under section 1231 or chapter B, then the agency shall be fined an amount equal to twice the difference between the amount the agency received under this sec-tion and the correct amount the agency would have received under section 1231 or chapter B if the agency had submitted accurate information under subsection (a). 
‘‘SEC. 1242. SUPPLEMENT, NOT SUPPLANT. 
‘‘Funds made available under chapter A or 
chapter B shall be used to supplement, and not supplant, any other Federal, State, or local edu-cation funds. 
‘‘SEC. 1243. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
‘‘Nothing in this subpart shall be construed to 
prohibit a local educational agency that enters into cooperative arrangements with other local educational agencies for the provision of spe-cial, compensatory, or other education services, pursuant to State law or a written agreement, from entering into similar arrangements for the use, or the coordination of the use, of the funds made available under this subpart.’’. 
(b) S
TRIKE .—The Act is amended by striking 
title VII (20 U.S.C. 7401 et seq.). Subtitle D—National Assessment 
SEC. 141. NATIONAL ASSESSMENT OF TITLE I. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part E of title I (20 U.S.C. 
6491 et seq.) is redesignated as part B of title I. 
(b) R EPEALS .—Sections 1502 and 1504 (20 
U.S.C. 6492; 6494) are repealed. 
(c) R EDESIGNATIONS .—Sections 1501 and 1503 
(20 U.S.C. 6491; 6493) are redesignated as sec-tions 1301 and 1302, respectively. 
(d) A
MENDMENTS TO SECTION 1301.—Section 
1301 (20 U.S.C. 6491), as so redesignated, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, acting 
through the Director of the Institute of Edu-cation Sciences (in this section and section 1302 referred to as the ‘Director’),’’ after ‘‘The Sec-retary’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘Di-
rector’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘reach-
ing the proficient level’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘graduating high school prepared for postsecondary education or the workforce.’’; 
(iii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘reach 
the proficient’’ and all that follows and insert-ing ‘‘meet State academic standards.’’; 
(iv) by striking subparagraphs (D) and (G) 
and redesignating subparagraphs (E), (F), and (H) through (O) as subparagraphs (D) through (M), respectively; 
(v) in subparagraph (D)(v) (as so redesig-
nated), by striking ‘‘help schools in which’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘address dispari-ties in the percentages of effective teachers teaching in low-income schools.’’; 
(vi) in subparagraph (G) (as so redesig-
nated)— 
(I) by striking ‘‘section 1116’’ and inserting 
‘‘section 1111(b)(3)(B)(iii)’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘, including the following’’ 
and all that follows and inserting a period; 
(vii) in subparagraph (I) (as so redesignated), 
by striking ‘‘qualifications’’ and inserting ‘‘ef-fectiveness’’; 
(viii) in subparagraph (J) (as so redesignated), 
by striking ‘‘, including funds under section 1002,’’; 
(ix) in subparagraph (L) (as so redesignated), 
by striking ‘‘section 1111(b)(2)(C)(v)(II)’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 1111(b)(3)(B)(ii)(II)’’; and 
(x) in subparagraph (M) (as so redesignated), 
by striking ‘‘Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘Direc-tor’’; 
(C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘Secretary’’ 
and inserting ‘‘Director’’; 
(D) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘Secretary’’ 
and inserting ‘‘Director’’; 
(E) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘Secretary’’ 
and inserting ‘‘Director’’; and 
(F) in paragraph (6)— (i) by striking ‘‘No Child Left Behind Act of 
2001’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Stu-dent Success Act’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘Secretary’’ each place it ap-
pears and inserting ‘‘Director’’; 
(2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘Secretary’’ 
each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Director’’; 
(3) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘Di-
rector’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘part A’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-
part 1 of part A’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘Di-
rector’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘chal-
lenging academic achievement standards’’ and inserting ‘‘State academic standards’’; 
(iii) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘effects 
of the availability’’ and all that follows and in-serting ‘‘extent to which actions authorized under section 1111(b)(3)(B)(iii) improve the aca-demic achievement of disadvantaged students and low-performing schools.’’; and (iv) in subparagraph (F), by striking ‘‘Sec-
retary’’ and inserting ‘‘Director’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (3)— (i) by striking ‘‘Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘Di-
rector’’; and 
(ii) by striking subparagraph (C) and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(C) analyzes varying models or strategies for 
delivering school services, including schoolwide and targeted services.’’; and 
(4) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘Secretary’’ 
each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Director’’. 
(e) A
MENDMENTS TO SECTION 1302.—Section 
1302 (20 U.S.C. 6493), as so redesignated, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘Di-
rector’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘and for making decisions 
about the promotion and graduation of stu-dents’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘Secretary’’ the first place it 
appears and inserting ‘‘Director’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘process,’’ and inserting 
‘‘process consistent with section 1111(e)(1),’’; and 
(C) by striking ‘‘Assistant Secretary of Edu-
cational Research and Improvement’’ and in-serting ‘‘Director’’; 
(3) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘to the 
State-defined level of proficiency’’ and inserting ‘‘toward meeting the State academic stand-ards’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘pupil- 
services’’ and inserting ‘‘specialized instruc-tional support services’’; 
(B) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘limited and 
nonlimited English proficient students’’ and in-serting ‘‘English learners and non-English learners’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘Secretary’’ 
and inserting ‘‘Director’’; and 
(4) in subsection (f)— (A) by striking ‘‘Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘Di-
rector’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘authorized to be appropriated 
for this part’’ and inserting ‘‘appropriated under section 3(a)(2)’’. 
Subtitle E—Title I General Provisions 
SEC. 151. GENERAL PROVISIONS FOR TITLE I. 
Part I of title I (20 U.S.C. 6571 et seq.)— 
(1) is transferred to appear after part B (as re-
designated); and 
(2) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘PART C—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
‘‘SEC. 1401. FEDERAL REGULATIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary may, in ac-
cordance with subsections (b) through (d), issue such regulations as are necessary to reasonably ensure there is compliance with this title. 
‘‘(b) N
EGOTIATED RULEMAKING PROCESS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Before publishing in the 
Federal Register proposed regulations to carry out this title, the Secretary shall obtain the ad-vice and recommendations of representatives of Federal, State, and local administrators, par-ents, teachers, and members of local school boards and other organizations involved with the implementation and operation of programs under this title, including those representatives and members nominated by local and national stakeholder representatives. 
‘‘(2) M
EETINGS AND ELECTRONIC EXCHANGE .— 
Such advice and recommendations may be ob-tained through such mechanisms as regional meetings and electronic exchanges of informa-tion. Such regional meetings and electronic ex-changes of information shall be public and no-tice of such meetings and exchanges shall be provided to interested stakeholders. 
‘‘(3) P
ROPOSED REGULATIONS .—After obtaining 
such advice and recommendations, and before publishing proposed regulations, the Secretary shall— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.015 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1215 February 26, 2015 
‘‘(A) establish a negotiated rulemaking proc-
ess; 
‘‘(B) select individuals to participate in such 
process from among individuals or groups that provided advice and recommendations, includ-ing representation from all geographic regions of the United States, in such numbers as will pro-vide an equitable balance between representa-tives of parents and students and representa-tives of educators and education officials; and 
‘‘(C) prepare a draft of proposed policy op-
tions that shall be provided to the individuals selected by the Secretary under subparagraph (B) not less than 15 days before the first meeting under such process. 
‘‘(c) P
ROPOSED RULEMAKING .—If the Secretary 
determines that a negotiated rulemaking process is unnecessary or the individuals selected to participate in the process under paragraph (3)(B) fail to reach unanimous agreement, the Secretary may propose regulations under the following procedure: 
‘‘(1) Not less than 30 days prior to beginning 
a rulemaking process, the Secretary shall pro-vide to Congress, including the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate, notice that shall include— 
‘‘(A) a copy of the proposed regulations; ‘‘(B) the need to issue regulations; ‘‘(C) the anticipated burden, including the 
time, cost, and paperwork burden, the regula-tions will have on State educational agencies, local educational agencies, schools, and other entities that may be impacted by the regula-tions; and 
‘‘(D) any regulations that will be repealed 
when the new regulations are issued. 
‘‘(2) 30 days after giving notice of the pro-
posed rule to Congress, the Secretary may pro-ceed with the rulemaking process after all com-ments received from the Congress have been ad-dressed and publishing how such comments are addressed with the proposed rule. 
‘‘(3) The comment and review period for any 
proposed regulation shall be 90 days unless an emergency requires a shorter period, in which case such period shall be not less than 45 days and the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) designate the proposed regulation as an 
emergency with an explanation of the emer-gency in the notice and report to Congress under paragraph (1); and 
‘‘(B) publish the length of the comment and 
review period in such notice and in the Federal Register. 
‘‘(4) No regulation shall be made final after 
the comment and review period until the Sec-retary has published in the Federal Register an independent assessment (which shall include a representative sampling of local educational agencies based on local educational agency en-rollment, urban, suburban, or rural character, and other factors impacted by the proposed reg-ulation) of— 
‘‘(A) the burden, including the time, cost, and 
paperwork burden, the regulation will impose on State educational agencies, local educational agencies, schools and other entities that may be impacted by the regulation; 
‘‘(B) an explanation of how the entities de-
scribed in subparagraph (A) may cover the cost of the burden assessed under subparagraph (A); and 
‘‘(C) the proposed regulation, which thor-
oughly addresses, based on the comments re-ceived during the comment and review period under paragraph (3), whether the rule is finan-cially, operationally, and educationally viable at the local level. 
‘‘(d) L
IMITATION .—Regulations to carry out 
this title may not require local programs to fol-low a particular instructional model, such as the provision of services outside the regular classroom or school program. 
‘‘SEC. 1402. AGREEMENTS AND RECORDS. 
‘‘(a) A GREEMENTS .—In the case in which a ne-
gotiated rule making process is established under subsection (b) of section 1401, all pub-
lished proposed regulations shall conform to agreements that result from the rulemaking de-scribed in section 1401 unless the Secretary re-opens the negotiated rulemaking process. 
‘‘(b) R
ECORDS .—The Secretary shall ensure 
that an accurate and reliable record of agree-ments reached during the negotiations process is maintained. 
‘‘SEC. 1403. STATE ADMINISTRATION. 
‘‘(a) R ULEMAKING .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each State that receives 
funds under this title shall— 
‘‘(A) ensure that any State rules, regulations, 
and policies relating to this title conform to the purposes of this title and provide any such pro-posed rules, regulations, and policies to the com-mittee of practitioners created under subsection (b) for review and comment; 
‘‘(B) minimize such rules, regulations, and 
policies to which the State’s local educational agencies and schools are subject; 
‘‘(C) eliminate or modify State and local fiscal 
accounting requirements in order to facilitate the ability of schools to consolidate funds under schoolwide programs; 
‘‘(D) identify any such rule, regulation, or 
policy as a State-imposed requirement; and 
‘‘(E)(i) identify any duplicative or contrasting 
requirements between the State and Federal rules or regulations; 
‘‘(ii) eliminate the rules and regulations that 
are duplicative of Federal requirements; and 
‘‘(iii) report any conflicting requirements to 
the Secretary and determine which Federal or State rule or regulation shall be followed. 
‘‘(2) S
UPPORT AND FACILITATION .—State rules, 
regulations, and policies under this title shall support and facilitate local educational agency and school-level systemic reform designed to en-able all children to meet the State academic standards. 
‘‘(b) C
OMMITTEE OF PRACTITIONERS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each State educational 
agency that receives funds under this title shall create a State committee of practitioners to ad-vise the State in carrying out its responsibilities under this title. 
‘‘(2) M
EMBERSHIP .—Each such committee shall 
include— 
‘‘(A) as a majority of its members, representa-
tives from local educational agencies; 
‘‘(B) administrators, including the administra-
tors of programs described in other parts of this title; 
‘‘(C) teachers from public charter schools, tra-
ditional public schools, and career and technical educators; 
‘‘(D) parents; ‘‘(E) members of local school boards; ‘‘(F) representatives of public charter school 
authorizers; 
‘‘(G) public charter school leaders; ‘‘(H) representatives of private school chil-
dren; and 
‘‘(I) specialized instructional support per-
sonnel. 
‘‘(3) D
UTIES .—The duties of such committee 
shall include a review, before publication, of any proposed or final State rule or regulation pursuant to this title. In an emergency situation where such rule or regulation must be issued within a very limited time to assist local edu-cational agencies with the operation of the pro-gram under this title, the State educational agency may issue a regulation without prior consultation, but shall immediately thereafter convene the State committee of practitioners to review the emergency regulation before issuance in final form. 
‘‘SEC. 1404. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION ON EQUAL-
IZED SPENDING. 
‘‘Nothing in this title shall be construed to 
mandate or prohibit equalized spending per pupil for a State, local educational agency, or school.’’. TITLE II—TEACHER PREPARATION AND 
EFFECTIVENESS 
SEC. 201. TEACHER PREPARATION AND EFFEC-
TIVENESS. 
(a) H EADING .—The title heading for title II (20 
U.S.C. 6601 et seq.) is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘TITLE II—TEACHER PREPARATION AND 
EFFECTIVENESS’’. 
(b) P
ARTA.—Part A of title II (20 U.S.C. 6601 
et seq.) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘PART A—SUPPORTING EFFECTIVE 
INSTRUCTION 
‘‘SEC. 2101. PURPOSE. 
‘‘The purpose of this part is to provide grants 
to State educational agencies and subgrants to local educational agencies to— 
‘‘(1) increase student achievement consistent 
with State academic standards under section 1111(b)(1); 
‘‘(2) improve teacher and school leader effec-
tiveness in classrooms and schools, respectively; 
‘‘(3) provide evidence-based, job-embedded, 
continuous professional development; and 
‘‘(4) if a State educational agency or local 
educational agency so chooses, develop and im-plement teacher evaluation systems that use, in part, student achievement data to determine teacher effectiveness. 
‘‘Subpart 1—Grants to States 
‘‘SEC. 2111. ALLOTMENTS TO STATES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Of the amounts appro-
priated under section 3(b), the Secretary shall reserve 75 percent to make grants to States with applications approved under section 2112 to pay for the Federal share of the cost of carrying out the activities specified in section 2113. Each grant shall consist of the allotment determined for a State under subsection (b). 
‘‘(b) D
ETERMINATION OF ALLOTMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) R ESERVATION OF FUNDS .—Of the amount 
reserved under subsection (a) for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall reserve— 
‘‘(A) not more than 1 percent to carry out na-
tional activities under section 2132; 
‘‘(B) one-half of 1 percent for allotments to 
outlying areas on the basis of their relative need, as determined by the Secretary, in accord-ance with the purpose of this part; and 
‘‘(C) one-half of 1 percent for the Secretary of 
the Interior for programs under this part in schools operated or funded by the Bureau of In-dian Education. 
‘‘(2) S
TATE ALLOTMENTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph 
(B), from the funds reserved under subsection (a) for any fiscal year and not reserved under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall allot to each State the sum of— 
‘‘(i) an amount that bears the same relation-
ship to 50 percent of the funds as the number of individuals age 5 through 17 in the State, as de-termined by the Secretary on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data, bears to the num-ber of those individuals in all such States, as so determined; and 
‘‘(ii) an amount that bears the same relation-
ship to 50 percent of the funds as the number of individuals age 5 through 17 from families with incomes below the poverty line in the State, as determined by the Secretary on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data, bears to the num-ber of those individuals in all such States, as so determined. 
‘‘(B) S
MALL STATE MINIMUM .—No State receiv-
ing an allotment under subparagraph (A) may receive less than one-half of 1 percent of the total amount of funds allotted under such sub-paragraph for a fiscal year. 
‘‘(C) A
PPLICABILITY .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Subparagraph (A) shall not 
apply with respect to a fiscal year unless the Secretary certifies in writing to Congress for that fiscal year that the amount of funds allot-ted under subparagraph (A) to local educational agencies that serve a high percentage of stu-dents from families with incomes below the pov-erty line is not less than the amount allotted to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.015 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1216 February 26, 2015 
such local educational agencies for fiscal year 
2015. 
‘‘(ii) S PECIAL RULE .—For a fiscal year for 
which subparagraph (A) does not apply, the Secretary shall allocate to each State the funds described in subparagraph (A) according to the formula set forth in subsection (b)(2)(B)(i) of this section as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of the Student Success Act. 
‘‘(c) R
EALLOTMENT .—If a State does not apply 
for an allotment under this section for any fis-cal year or only a portion of the State’s allot-ment is allotted under subsection (b)(2), the Sec-retary shall reallot the State’s entire allotment or the remaining portion of its allotment, as the case may be, to the remaining States in accord-ance with subsection (b). 
‘‘SEC. 2112. STATE APPLICATION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—For a State to be eligible to 
receive a grant under this subpart, the State educational agency shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time and in such a manner as the Secretary may reasonably re-quire, which shall include the following: 
‘‘(1) A description of how the State edu-
cational agency will meet the requirements of this subpart. 
‘‘(2) A description of how the State edu-
cational agency will use a grant received under section 2111, including the grant funds the State will reserve for State-level activities under sec-tion 2113(a)(2). 
‘‘(3) A description of how the State edu-
cational agency will facilitate the sharing of evidence-based and other effective strategies among local educational agencies. 
‘‘(4) A description of how, and under what 
timeline, the State educational agency will allo-cate subgrants under subpart 2 to local edu-cational agencies. 
‘‘(5) If applicable, a description of how the 
State educational agency will work with local educational agencies in the State to develop or implement a teacher or school leader evaluation system. 
‘‘(6) An assurance that the State educational 
agency will comply with section 6501 (regarding participation by private school children and teachers). 
‘‘(7) A description of how the State will estab-
lish, implement, or improve policies and proce-dures on background checks for school employ-ees and contractors who have direct unsuper-vised access to students, which may be con-ducted and administered by the State or local educational agencies, including by— 
(A) expanding the registries or repositories 
searched when conducting background checks, including— 
‘‘(i) the State criminal registry or repository of 
the State in which the school employee resides; 
‘‘(ii) the State-based child abuse and neglect 
registries and databases of the State in which the school employee resides; 
‘‘(iii) the Federal Bureau of Investigation fin-
gerprint check using the Integrated Automated Fingerprint Identification System; 
‘‘(iv) the National Sex Offender Registry es-
tablished under the Adam Walsh Child Protec-tion and Safety Act of 2006 (42 U.S.C. 16901 et seq.); and 
‘‘(v) the National Crime Information Center; ‘‘(B) establishing, implementing, or improving 
policies and procedures that prohibit employing as a school employee an individual who— 
‘‘(i) refuses to consent to a background check; ‘‘(ii) makes false statements in connection 
with a background check; 
‘‘(iii) has been convicted of a felony, con-
sisting of— 
‘‘(I) homicide; ‘‘(II) child abuse or neglect; ‘‘(III) a crime against children, including 
child pornography; 
‘‘(IV) domestic violence; ‘‘(V) a crime involving rape or sexual assault; ‘‘(VI) kidnapping; 
‘‘(VII) arson; or ‘‘(VIII) physical assault, battery, or a drug- 
related offense, committed on or after the date that is 5 years before the date of the individual’s criminal background check; 
‘‘(iv) has been convicted of any other crimes, 
as determined by the State; or 
‘‘(v) is registered or required to be registered 
on a State sex offender registry or the National Sex Offender Registry established under the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (42 U.S.C. 16901 et seq.); 
‘‘(C) establishing, implementing, or improving 
policies and procedures for States, local edu-cational agencies, or schools to provide the re-sults of background checks to— 
‘‘(i) individuals subject to the background 
checks in a statement that indicates whether the individual is ineligible for such employment due to the background check and includes informa-tion regulated to each disqualifying crime; 
‘‘(ii) the employer in a statement that indi-
cates whether a school employee is eligible or in-eligible for employment, without revealing any disqualifying crime or other related information regarding the individual; 
‘‘(iii) another employer in the same State or 
another State, as permitted under State law, without revealing any disqualifying crime or other related information regarding the indi-vidual; and 
‘‘(iv) another local educational agency in the 
same State or another State that is considering such school employee for employment, as per-mitted under State law, without revealing any disqualifying crime or other related information regarding the individual; and 
‘‘(D) developing, implementing, or improving 
mechanisms to assist local educational agencies and schools in effectively recognizing and quickly responding to incidents of child abuse by school employees. 
‘‘(b) D
EEMED APPROVAL .—An application sub-
mitted by a State educational agency under sub-section (a) shall be deemed to be approved by the Secretary unless the Secretary makes a writ-ten determination, prior to the expiration of the 120-day period beginning on the date on which the Secretary received the application, that the application is not in compliance with this sub-part. 
‘‘(c) D
ISAPPROVAL .—The Secretary shall not 
finally disapprove an application, except after giving the State educational agency notice and an opportunity for a hearing. 
‘‘(d) N
OTIFICATION .—If the Secretary finds 
that an application is not in compliance, in whole or in part, with this subpart, the Sec-retary shall— 
‘‘(1) give the State educational agency notice 
and an opportunity for a hearing; and 
‘‘(2) notify the State educational agency of 
the finding of noncompliance and, in such noti-fication, shall— 
‘‘(A) cite the specific provisions in the appli-
cation that are not in compliance; and 
‘‘(B) request additional information, only as 
to the noncompliant provisions, needed to make the application compliant. 
‘‘(e) R
ESPONSE .—If a State educational agency 
responds to a notification from the Secretary under subsection (d)(2) during the 45-day period beginning on the date on which the agency re-ceived the notification, and resubmits the appli-cation with the requested information described in subsection (d)(2)(B), the Secretary shall ap-prove or disapprove such application prior to the later of— 
‘‘(1) the expiration of the 45-day period begin-
ning on the date on which the application is re-submitted; or 
‘‘(2) the expiration of the 120-day period de-
scribed in subsection (b). 
‘‘(f) F
AILURE TORESPOND .—If a State edu-
cational agency does not respond to a notifica-tion from the Secretary under subsection (d)(2) during the 45-day period beginning on the date on which the agency received the notification, 
such application shall be deemed to be dis-approved. 
‘‘SEC. 2113. STATE USE OF FUNDS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—A State educational agen-
cy that receives a grant under section 2111 shall— 
‘‘(1) reserve 95 percent of the grant funds to 
make subgrants to local educational agencies under subpart 2; and 
‘‘(2) use the remainder of the funds, after re-
serving funds under paragraph (1), for the State activities described in subsection (b), except that the State may reserve not more than 1 percent of the grant funds for planning and administra-tion related to carrying out activities described in subsection (b). 
‘‘(b) S
TATE-LEVEL ACTIVITIES .—A State edu-
cational agency that receives a grant under sec-tion 2111— 
‘‘(1) shall use the amount described in sub-
section (a)(2) to fulfill the State educational agency’s responsibilities with respect to the proper and efficient administration of the subgrant program carried out under this part; and 
‘‘(2) may use the amount described in sub-
section (a)(2) to— 
‘‘(A) provide training and technical assistance 
to local educational agencies on— 
‘‘(i) in the case of a State educational agency 
not implementing a statewide teacher evaluation system— 
‘‘(I) the development and implementation of a 
teacher evaluation system; and 
‘‘(II) training school leaders in using such 
evaluation system; or 
‘‘(ii) in the case of a State educational agency 
implementing a statewide teacher evaluation system, implementing such evaluation system; 
‘‘(B) disseminate and share evidence-based 
and other effective practices, including practices consistent with the principles of effectiveness described in section 2222(b), related to teacher and school leader effectiveness and professional development; 
‘‘(C) provide professional development for 
teachers, school leaders, and if appropriate, spe-cialized instructional support personnel in the State consistent with section 2123(6); 
‘‘(D) provide training and technical assistance 
to local educational agencies on— 
‘‘(i) in the case of a State educational agency 
not implementing a statewide school leader eval-uation system, the development and implemen-tation of a school leader evaluation system; and 
‘‘(ii) in the case of a State educational agency 
implementing a statewide school leader evalua-tion system, implementing such evaluation sys-tem; and 
‘‘(E) develop and implement policies in the 
State to address any teacher workforce short-ages in high-need subjects, including in science, technology, engineering, math, computer science, and foreign languages. 
‘‘Subpart 2—Subgrants to Local Educational 
Agencies 
‘‘SEC. 2121. ALLOCATIONS TO LOCAL EDU-
CATIONAL AGENCIES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Each State receiving a 
grant under section 2111 shall use the funds re-served under section 2113(a)(1) to award sub-grants to local educational agencies under this section. 
‘‘(b) A
LLOCATION OF FUNDS.—From the funds 
reserved by a State under section 2113(a)(1), the State educational agency shall allocate to each local educational agency in the State the sum of— 
‘‘(1) an amount that bears the same relation-
ship to 50 percent of the funds as the number of individuals age 5 through 17 in the geographic area served by the local educational agency, as determined by the State on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data, bears to the number of those individuals in the geographic areas served by all the local educational agencies in the State, as so determined; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.015 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1217 February 26, 2015 
‘‘(2) an amount that bears the same relation-
ship to 50 percent of the funds as the number of individuals age 5 through 17 from families with incomes below the poverty line in the geographic area served by the local educational agency, as determined by the State on the basis of the most recent satisfactory data, bears to the number of those individuals in the geographic areas served by all the local educational agencies in the State, as so determined. 
‘‘SEC. 2122. LOCAL APPLICATIONS. 
‘‘To be eligible to receive a subgrant under 
this subpart, a local educational agency shall submit an application to the State educational agency involved at such time, in such a manner, and containing such information as the State educational agency may reasonably require that, at a minimum, shall include the following: 
‘‘(1) A description of— ‘‘(A) how the local educational agency will 
meet the requirements of this subpart; 
‘‘(B) how the activities to be carried out by 
the local educational agency under this subpart will be evidence-based, improve student aca-demic achievement, and improve teacher and school leader effectiveness; and 
‘‘(C) if applicable, how, the local educational 
agency will work with parents, teachers, school leaders, and other staff of the schools served by the local educational agency in developing and implementing a teacher evaluation system. 
‘‘(2) If applicable, a description of how the 
local educational agency will develop and imple-ment a teacher or school leader evaluation sys-tem. 
‘‘(3) An assurance that the local educational 
agency will comply with section 6501 (regarding participation by private school children and teachers). 
‘‘SEC. 2123. LOCAL USE OF FUNDS. 
‘‘A local educational agency receiving a 
subgrant under this subpart may use such funds for— 
‘‘(1) the development and implementation of a 
teacher evaluation system, administered through school leaders based on input from stakeholders listed in subparagraph (E), that may— 
‘‘(A) use student achievement data derived 
from a variety of sources as a significant factor in determining a teacher’s evaluation, with the weight given to such data defined by the local educational agency; 
‘‘(B) use multiple measures of evaluation for 
evaluating teachers; 
‘‘(C) have more than 2 categories for rating 
the performance of teachers; 
‘‘(D) be used to make personnel decisions, as 
determined by the local educational agency; and 
‘‘(E) be based on input from parents, school 
leaders, teachers, and other staff of schools served by the local educational agency; 
‘‘(2) in the case of a local educational agency 
located in a State implementing a statewide teacher evaluation system, implementing such evaluation system; 
‘‘(3) the training of school leaders or other in-
dividuals for the purpose of evaluating teachers or school leaders under a teacher or school lead-er evaluation system, as appropriate; 
‘‘(4) in the case of a local educational agency 
located in a State implementing a statewide school leader evaluation system, to implement such evaluation system; 
‘‘(5) in the case of a local educational agency 
located in a State not implementing a statewide school leader evaluation system, the develop-ment and implementation of a school leader evaluation system; 
‘‘(6) professional development for teachers, 
school leaders, and if appropriate, specialized instructional support personnel that is evidence- based, job-embedded, and continuous, such as— 
‘‘(A) subject-based professional development 
for teachers, including for teachers of civic edu-cation, arts education, and computer science and other science, technology, engineering, and mathematics subjects; ‘‘(B) professional development aligned with 
the State’s academic standards; 
‘‘(C) professional development to assist teach-
ers in meeting the needs of students with dif-ferent learning styles, particularly students with disabilities, English learners, and gifted and talented students; 
‘‘(D) professional development for teachers or 
school leaders identified as in need of additional support through data provided by a teacher or school leader evaluation system, as appropriate; 
‘‘(E) professional development based on the 
current science of learning, which includes re-search on positive brain change and cognitive skill development; 
‘‘(F) professional development for school lead-
ers, including evidence-based mentorship pro-grams for such leaders; 
‘‘(G) professional development on integrated, 
interdisciplinary, and project-based teaching strategies, including for career and technical education teachers and teachers of computer science and other science, technology, engineer-ing, and mathematics subjects; or 
‘‘(H) professional development on teaching 
dual credit, dual enrollment, Advanced Place-ment, or International Baccalaureate postsec-ondary-level courses to secondary school stu-dents; 
‘‘(7) partnering with a public or private orga-
nization or a consortium of such organizations to develop and implement a teacher evaluation system described in subparagraph (A) or (B) of paragraph (1), or to administer professional de-velopment, as appropriate; 
‘‘(8) any activities authorized under section 
2222(a); or 
‘‘(9) class size reduction, except that the local 
educational agency may use not more than 10 percent of such funds for this purpose. 
‘‘Subpart 3—General Provisions 
‘‘SEC. 2131. REPORTING REQUIREMENTS. 
‘‘(a) L OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES .—Each 
local educational agency receiving a subgrant under subpart 2 shall submit to the State edu-cational agency involved, on an annual basis until the last year in which the local edu-cational agency receives such subgrant funds, a report on— 
‘‘(1) how the local educational agency is meet-
ing the purposes of this part described in section 2101; 
‘‘(2) how the local educational agency is using 
such subgrant funds; 
‘‘(3) in the case of a local educational agency 
implementing a teacher or school leader evalua-tion system, the results of such evaluation sys-tem, except that such report shall not reveal personally identifiable information about an in-dividual teacher or school leader; and 
‘‘(4) any such other information as the State 
educational agency may require, as long as stu-dent and teacher privacy is maintained. 
‘‘(b) S
TATE EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES .—Each 
State educational agency receiving a grant under subpart 1 shall submit to the Secretary a report, on an annual basis until the last year in which the State educational agency receives such grant funds, on— 
‘‘(1) how the State educational agency is 
meeting the purposes of this part described in section 2101; and 
‘‘(2) how the State educational agency is 
using such grant funds. 
‘‘SEC. 2132. NATIONAL ACTIVITIES. 
‘‘From the funds reserved by the Secretary 
under section 2111(b)(1)(A), the Secretary shall, directly or through grants and contracts— 
‘‘(1) provide technical assistance to States and 
local educational agencies in carrying out ac-tivities under this part; and 
‘‘(2) acting through the Institute of Education 
Sciences, conduct national evaluations of activi-ties carried out by State educational agencies and local educational agencies under this part. 
‘‘SEC. 2133. STATE DEFINED. 
‘‘In this part, the term ‘State’ means each of 
the 50 States, the District of Columbia, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. ‘‘SEC. 2134. EMPLOYEE TRANSFERS. 
‘‘A local educational agency or State edu-
cational agency shall be ineligible for funds under this Act if such agency knowingly facili-tates the transfer of any employee if the agency knows, or has probable cause to believe, that the employee engaged in sexual misconduct with a student.’’. 
(c) P
ARTB.—Part B of title II (20 U.S.C. 6661 
et seq.) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘PART B—TEACHER AND SCHOOL LEADER 
FLEXIBLE GRANT 
‘‘SEC. 2201. PURPOSE. 
‘‘The purpose of this part is to improve stu-
dent academic achievement by— 
‘‘(1) supporting all State educational agencies, 
local educational agencies, schools, teachers, and school leaders to pursue innovative and evi-dence-based practices to help all students meet the State’s academic standards; and 
‘‘(2) increasing the number of teachers and 
school leaders who are effective in increasing student academic achievement. 
‘‘Subpart 1—Formula Grants to States 
‘‘SEC. 2211. STATE ALLOTMENTS. 
‘‘(a) R ESERVATIONS .—From the amount appro-
priated under section 3(b) for any fiscal year, the Secretary— 
‘‘(1) shall reserve 25 percent to award grants 
to States under this subpart; and 
‘‘(2) of the amount reserved under paragraph 
(1), shall reserve— 
‘‘(A) not more than 1 percent for national ac-
tivities described in section 2233; 
‘‘(B) one-half of 1 percent for allotments to 
outlying areas on the basis of their relative need, as determined by the Secretary, in accord-ance with the purpose of this part; and 
‘‘(C) one-half of 1 percent for the Secretary of 
the Interior for programs under this part in schools operated or funded by the Bureau of In-dian Education. 
‘‘(b) S
TATE ALLOTMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—From the total amount re-
served under subsection (a)(1) for each fiscal year and not reserved under subparagraphs (A) through (C) of subsection (a)(2), the Secretary shall allot, and make available in accordance with this section, to each State an amount that bears the same ratio to such sums as the school- age population of the State bears to the school- age population of all States. 
‘‘(2) S
MALL STATE MINIMUM .—No State receiv-
ing an allotment under paragraph (1) may re-ceive less than one-half of 1 percent of the total amount allotted under such paragraph. 
‘‘(3) R
EALLOTMENT .—If a State does not re-
ceive an allotment under this subpart for a fis-cal year, the Secretary shall reallot the amount of the State’s allotment to the remaining States in accordance with this section. 
‘‘(c) S
TATE APPLICATION .—In order to receive 
an allotment under this section for any fiscal year, a State shall submit an application to the Secretary, at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may reasonably require. Such ap-plication shall— 
‘‘(1) designate the State educational agency as 
the agency responsible for the administration and supervision of programs assisted under this part; 
‘‘(2) describe how the State educational agen-
cy will use funds received under this section for State level activities described in subsection (d)(3); 
‘‘(3) describe the procedures and criteria the 
State educational agency will use for reviewing applications and awarding subgrants in a time-ly manner to eligible entities under section 2221 on a competitive basis; 
‘‘(4) describe how the State educational agen-
cy will ensure that subgrants made under sec-tion 2221 are of sufficient size and scope to sup-port effective programs that will help increase academic achievement in the classroom and are consistent with the purposes of this part; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.015 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1218 February 26, 2015 
‘‘(5) describe the steps the State educational 
agency will take to ensure that eligible entities use subgrants received under section 2221 to carry out programs that implement effective strategies, including by providing ongoing tech-nical assistance and training, and disseminating evidence-based and other effective strategies to such eligible entities; 
‘‘(6) describe how programs under this part 
will be coordinated with other programs under this Act; and 
‘‘(7) include an assurance that, other than 
providing technical and advisory assistance and monitoring compliance with this part, the State educational agency has not exercised, and will not exercise, any influence in the decision-making processes of eligible entities as to the ex-penditure of funds made pursuant to an appli-cation submitted under section 2221(b). 
‘‘(d) S
TATE USE OF FUNDS.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each State that receives an 
allotment under this section shall reserve not less than 92 percent of the amount allotted to such State under subsection (b), for each fiscal year, for subgrants to eligible entities under sub-part 2. 
‘‘(2) S
TATE ADMINISTRATION .—A State edu-
cational agency may reserve not more than 1 percent of the amount made available to the State under subsection (b) for the administrative costs of carrying out such State educational agency’s responsibilities under this subpart. 
‘‘(3) S
TATE-LEVEL ACTIVITIES .— 
‘‘(A) I NNOVATIVE TEACHER AND SCHOOL LEAD -
ER ACTIVITIES .—A State educational agency 
shall reserve not more than 4 percent of the amount made available to the State under sub-section (b) to carry out, solely, or in partnership with State agencies of higher education, 1 or more of the following activities: 
‘‘(i) Reforming teacher and school leader cer-
tification, recertification, licensing, and tenure systems to ensure that such systems are rigorous and that— 
‘‘(I) each teacher has the subject matter 
knowledge and teaching skills necessary to help students meet the State’s academic standards; and 
‘‘(II) school leaders have the instructional 
leadership skills to help teachers instruct and students learn. 
‘‘(ii) Improving the quality of teacher prepa-
ration programs within the State, including through the use of appropriate student achieve-ment data and other factors to evaluate the quality of teacher preparation programs within the State. 
‘‘(iii) Carrying out programs that establish, 
expand, or improve alternative routes for State certification or licensure of teachers and school leaders, including such programs for— 
‘‘(I) mid-career professionals from other occu-
pations, including computer science and other science, technology, engineering, and math fields; 
‘‘(II) former military personnel; and ‘‘(III) recent graduates of an institution of 
higher education, with a record of academic dis-tinction, who demonstrate the potential to be-come effective teachers or school leaders. 
‘‘(iv) Developing, or assisting eligible entities 
in developing— 
‘‘(I) performance-based pay systems for teach-
ers and school leaders; 
‘‘(II) strategies that provide differential, in-
centive, or bonus pay for teachers and school leaders; or 
‘‘(III) teacher and school leader advancement 
initiatives that promote professional growth and emphasize multiple career paths and pay dif-ferentiation. 
‘‘(v) Developing, or assisting eligible entities 
in developing, new, evidence-based teacher and school leader induction and mentoring programs that are designed to— 
‘‘(I) improve instruction and student academic 
achievement; and 
‘‘(II) increase the retention of effective teach-
ers and school leaders. ‘‘(vi) Providing professional development for 
teachers and school leaders that is focused on improving teaching and student academic achievement, including for students with dif-ferent learning styles, particularly students with disabilities, English learners, gifted and talented students, and other special popu-lations. 
‘‘(vii) Providing training and technical assist-
ance to eligible entities that receive a subgrant under section 2221. 
‘‘(viii) Other activities identified by the State 
educational agency that meet the purposes of this part, including those activities authorized under subparagraph (B). 
‘‘(B) T
EACHER OR SCHOOL LEADER PREPARA -
TION ACADEMIES .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—In the case of a State in 
which teacher or school leader preparation academies are allowable under State law, a State educational agency may reserve not more than 3 percent of the amount made available to the State under subsection (b) to support the es-tablishment or expansion of one or more teacher or school leader preparation academies and, subject to the limitation under clause (iii), to support State authorizers for such academies. 
‘‘(ii) M
ATCHING REQUIREMENT .—A State edu-
cational agency shall not provide funds under this subparagraph to support the establishment or expansion of a teacher or school leader prep-aration academy unless the academy agrees to provide, either directly or through private con-tributions, non-Federal matching funds equal to not less than 10 percent of the amount of the funds the academy will receive under this sub-paragraph. 
‘‘(iii) F
UNDING FOR STATE AUTHORIZERS .—Not 
more than 5 percent of funds provided to a teacher or school leader preparation academy under this subparagraph may be used to support activities of State authorizers for such academy. 
‘‘SEC. 2212. APPROVAL AND DISAPPROVAL OF 
STATE APPLICATIONS. 
‘‘(a) D EEMED APPROVAL .—An application sub-
mitted by a State pursuant to section 2211(c) shall be deemed to be approved by the Secretary unless the Secretary makes a written determina-tion, prior to the expiration of the 120-day pe-riod beginning on the date on which the Sec-retary received the application, that the appli-cation is not in compliance with section 2211(c). 
‘‘(b) D
ISAPPROVAL PROCESS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall not fi-
nally disapprove an application submitted under section 2211(c), except after giving the State educational agency notice and an oppor-tunity for a hearing. 
‘‘(2) N
OTIFICATION .—If the Secretary finds 
that an application is not in compliance, in whole or in part, with section 2211(c) the Sec-retary shall— 
‘‘(A) give the State educational agency notice 
and an opportunity for a hearing; and 
‘‘(B) notify the State educational agency of 
the finding of noncompliance and, in such noti-fication, shall— 
‘‘(i) cite the specific provisions in the applica-
tion that are not in compliance; and 
‘‘(ii) request additional information, only as 
to the noncompliant provisions, needed to make the application compliant. 
‘‘(3) R
ESPONSE .—If a State educational agency 
responds to a notification from the Secretary under paragraph (2)(B) during the 45-day pe-riod beginning on the date on which the State educational agency received the notification, and resubmits the application with the re-quested information described in paragraph (2)(B)(ii), the Secretary shall approve or dis-approve such application prior to the later of— 
‘‘(A) the expiration of the 45-day period begin-
ning on the date on which the application is re-submitted; or 
‘‘(B) the expiration of the 120-day period de-
scribed in subsection (a). 
‘‘(4) F
AILURE TO RESPOND .—If the State edu-
cational agency does not respond to a notifica-tion from the Secretary under paragraph (2)(B) 
during the 45-day period beginning on the date on which the State educational agency received the notification, such application shall be deemed to be disapproved. 
‘‘Subpart 2—Local Competitive Grant 
Program 
‘‘SEC. 2221. LOCAL COMPETITIVE GRANT PRO-
GRAM. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—A State that receives an al-
lotment under section 2211(b) for a fiscal year shall use the amount reserved under section 2211(d)(1) to award subgrants, on a competitive basis, to eligible entities in accordance with this section to enable such entities to carry out the programs and activities described in section 2222. 
‘‘(b) A
PPLICATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—To be eligible to receive a 
subgrant under this section, an eligible entity shall submit an application to the State edu-cational agency at such time, in such manner, and including such information as the State educational agency may reasonably require. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—Each application submitted 
under paragraph (1) shall include— 
‘‘(A) a description of the programs and activi-
ties to be funded and how they are consistent with the purposes of this part; and 
‘‘(B) an assurance that the eligible entity will 
comply with section 6501 (regarding participa-tion by private school children and teachers). 
‘‘(c) P
EERREVIEW .—In reviewing applications 
under this section, a State educational agency shall use a peer review process or other methods of assuring the quality of such applications but the review shall only judge the likelihood of the activity to increase student academic achieve-ment. The reviewers shall not make a determina-tion based on the policy of the proposed activ-ity. 
‘‘(d) G
EOGRAPHIC DIVERSITY .—A State edu-
cational agency shall distribute funds under this section equitably among geographic areas within the State, including rural, suburban, and urban communities. 
‘‘(e) D
URATION OF AWARDS .—A State edu-
cational agency may award subgrants under this section for a period of not more than 5 years. 
‘‘(f) M
ATCHING .—An eligible entity receiving a 
subgrant under this section shall provide, either directly or through private contributions, non- Federal matching funds equal to not less than 10 percent of the amount of the subgrant. 
‘‘SEC. 2222. LOCAL AUTHORIZED ACTIVITIES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Each eligible entity receiv-
ing a subgrant under section 2221 shall use such subgrant funds to develop, implement, and evaluate comprehensive programs and activities, that are in accordance with the purpose of this part and— 
‘‘(1) are consistent with the principles of effec-
tiveness described in subsection (b); and 
‘‘(2) may include, among other programs and 
activities— 
‘‘(A) developing and implementing initiatives 
to assist in recruiting, hiring, and retaining highly effective teachers and school leaders, in-cluding initiatives that provide— 
‘‘(i) differential, incentive, or bonus pay for 
teachers and school leaders; 
‘‘(ii) performance-based pay systems for teach-
ers and school leaders; 
‘‘(iii) teacher and school leader advancement 
initiatives that promote professional growth and emphasize multiple career paths and pay dif-ferentiation; 
‘‘(iv) new teacher and school leader induction 
and mentoring programs that are designed to improve instruction, student academic achieve-ment, and to increase teacher and school leader retention; and 
‘‘(v) teacher residency programs, and school 
leader residency programs, designed to develop and support new teachers or new school leaders, respectively; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.015 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1219 February 26, 2015 
‘‘(B) supporting the establishment or expan-
sion of teacher or school leader preparation academies under section 2211(d)(3)(B); 
‘‘(C) recruiting qualified individuals from 
other fields, including individuals from com-puter science and other science, technology, en-gineering, and math fields, mid-career profes-sionals from other occupations, and former mili-tary personnel; 
‘‘(D) establishing, improving, or expanding 
model instructional programs to ensure that all children meet the State’s academic standards; 
‘‘(E) providing evidence-based, job embedded, 
continuous professional development for teach-ers and school leaders focused on improving teaching and student academic achievement; 
‘‘(F) implementing programs based on the cur-
rent science of learning, which includes re-search on positive brain change and cognitive skill development; 
‘‘(G) recruiting and training teachers to teach 
dual credit, dual enrollment, Advanced Place-ment, or International Baccalaureate postsec-ondary-level courses to secondary school stu-dents; and 
‘‘(H) other activities and programs identified 
as necessary by the local educational agency that meet the purpose of this part. 
‘‘(b) P
RINCIPLES OF EFFECTIVENESS .—For a 
program or activity developed pursuant to this section to meet the principles of effectiveness, such program or activity shall— 
‘‘(1) be based upon an assessment of objective 
data regarding the need for programs and ac-tivities in the elementary schools and secondary schools served to increase the number of teach-ers and school leaders who are effective in im-proving student academic achievement; 
‘‘(2) reflect evidence-based research, or in the 
absence of a strong research base, reflect effec-tive strategies in the field, that provide evidence that the program or activity will improve stu-dent academic achievement; and 
‘‘(3) include meaningful and ongoing con-
sultation with, and input from, teachers, school leaders, and parents, in the development of the application and administration of the program or activity. 
‘‘Subpart 3—General Provisions 
‘‘SEC. 2231. PERIODIC EVALUATION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Each eligible entity and 
each teacher or school leader preparation acad-emy that receives funds under this part shall undergo a periodic evaluation by the State edu-cational agency involved to assess such entity’s or such academy’s progress toward achieving the purposes of this part. 
‘‘(b) U
SE OF RESULTS .—The results of an eval-
uation described in subsection (a) of an eligible entity or academy shall be— 
‘‘(1) used to refine, improve, and strengthen 
such eligible entity or such academy, respec-tively; and 
‘‘(2) made available to the public upon re-
quest, with public notice of such availability provided. 
‘‘SEC. 2232. REPORTING REQUIREMENTS. 
‘‘(a) E LIGIBLE ENTITIES AND ACADEMIES .— 
Each eligible entity and each teacher or school leader preparation academy that receives funds from a State educational agency under this part shall prepare and submit annually to such State educational agency a report that includes— 
‘‘(1) a description of the progress of the eligi-
ble entity or teacher or school leader prepara-tion academy, respectively, in meeting the pur-poses of this part; 
‘‘(2) a description of the programs and activi-
ties conducted by the eligible entity or teacher or school leader preparation academy, respec-tively, with funds received under this part; 
‘‘(3) how the eligible entity or teacher or 
school leader preparation academy, respectively, is using such funds; and 
‘‘(4) any such other information as the State 
educational agency may reasonably require. 
‘‘(b) S
TATE EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES .—Each 
State educational agency that receives a grant under this part shall prepare and submit, annu-
ally, to the Secretary a report that includes— 
‘‘(1) a description of the programs and activi-
ties conducted by the State educational agency with grant funds received under this part; 
‘‘(2) a description of the progress of the State 
educational agency in meeting the purposes of this part described in section 2201; 
‘‘(3) how the State educational agency is 
using grant funds received under this part; 
‘‘(4) the methods and criteria the State edu-
cational agency used to award subgrants in a timely manner to eligible entities under section 2221 and, if applicable, funds in a timely man-ner to teacher or school leader academies under section 2211(d)(3)(B); and 
‘‘(5) the results of the periodic evaluations 
conducted under section 2231. 
‘‘SEC. 2233. NATIONAL ACTIVITIES. 
‘‘From the funds reserved by the Secretary 
under section 2211(a)(2)(A), the Secretary shall, directly or through grants and contracts— 
‘‘(1) provide technical assistance to States and 
eligible entities in carrying out activities under this part; and 
‘‘(2) acting through the Institute of Education 
Sciences, conduct national evaluations of activi-ties carried out by States and eligible entities under this part. 
‘‘SEC. 2234. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this part: 
‘‘(1) E LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible enti-
ty’ means— 
‘‘(A) a local educational agency or consortium 
of local educational agencies; 
‘‘(B) an institution of higher education or 
consortium of such institutions in partnership with a local educational agency or consortium of local educational agencies; 
‘‘(C) a for-profit organization, a nonprofit or-
ganization, or a consortium of for-profit or non-profit organizations in partnership with a local educational agency or consortium of local edu-cational agencies; or 
‘‘(D) a consortium of the entities described in 
subparagraphs (B) and (C). 
‘‘(2) S
TATE.—The term ‘State’ means each of 
the 50 States, the District of Columbia, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. 
‘‘(3) S
TATE AUTHORIZER .—The term ‘State au-
thorizer’ means an entity designated by the Governor of a State to authorize teacher or school leader preparation academies within the State that— 
‘‘(A) enters into an agreement with a teacher 
or school leader preparation academy that— 
‘‘(i) specifies the goals expected of the acad-
emy, which, at a minimum, include the goals de-scribed in paragraph (4); and 
‘‘(ii) does not reauthorize the academy if such 
goals are not met; 
‘‘(B) may be a nonprofit organization, a State 
educational agency, or other public entity, or consortium of such entities (including a consor-tium of State educational agencies); and 
‘‘(C) has a timely and efficient approval proc-
ess to approve or disapprove a teacher or school leader preparation academy. 
‘‘(4) T
EACHER OR SCHOOL LEADER PREPARA -
TION ACADEMY .—The term ‘teacher or school 
leader preparation academy’ means a public or private entity, or a nonprofit or for-profit orga-nization, which may be an institution of higher education or an organization affiliated with an institution of higher education, that will pre-pare teachers or school leaders to serve in schools, and that— 
‘‘(A) enters into an agreement with a State 
authorizer that specifies the goals expected of the academy, including— 
‘‘(i) a requirement that prospective teachers or 
school leaders who are enrolled in a teacher or school leader preparation academy receive a sig-nificant part of their training through clinical preparation that partners the prospective can-didate with an effective teacher or school lead-er, respectively, with a demonstrated record of increasing or producing high student achieve-
ment, while also receiving concurrent instruc-tion from the academy in the content area (or areas) in which the prospective teacher or school leader will become certified or licensed; 
‘‘(ii) the number of effective teachers or school 
leaders, respectively, who will demonstrate suc-cess in increasing or producing high student achievement that the academy will produce; and 
‘‘(iii) a requirement that a teacher or school 
leader preparation academy will only award a certificate of completion after the graduate dem-onstrates that the graduate is an effective teacher or school leader, respectively, with a demonstrated record of increasing or producing high student achievement, except that an acad-emy may award a provisional certificate for the period necessary to allow the graduate to dem-onstrate such effectiveness; 
‘‘(B) does not have restrictions on the methods 
the academy will use to train prospective teach-er or school leader candidates, including— 
‘‘(i) obligating (or prohibiting) the academy’s 
faculty to hold advanced degrees or conduct academic research; 
‘‘(ii) restrictions related to the academy’s 
physical infrastructure; 
‘‘(iii) restrictions related to the number of 
course credits required as part of the program of study; 
‘‘(iv) restrictions related to the undergraduate 
coursework completed by teachers teaching or working on alternative certificates, licenses, or credentials, as long as such teachers have suc-cessfully passed all relevant State-approved con-tent area examinations; or 
‘‘(v) restrictions related to obtaining accredi-
tation from an accrediting body for purposes of becoming an academy; 
‘‘(C) limits admission to its program to pro-
spective teacher or school leader candidates who demonstrate strong potential to improve student achievement, based on a rigorous selection proc-ess that reviews a candidate’s prior academic achievement or record of professional accom-plishment; and 
‘‘(D) results in a certificate of completion that 
the State may recognize as at least the equiva-lent of a master’s degree in education for the purposes of hiring, retention, compensation, and promotion in the State. 
‘‘(5) T
EACHER RESIDENCY PROGRAM .—The term 
‘teacher residency program’ means a school- based teacher preparation program in which a prospective teacher— 
‘‘(A) for one academic year, teaches alongside 
an effective teacher, as determined by a teacher evaluation system implemented under part A, who is the teacher of record; 
‘‘(B) receives concurrent instruction during 
the year described in subparagraph (A) from the partner institution (as defined in section 200 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1021)), which courses may be taught by local educational agency personnel or residency pro-gram faculty, in the teaching of the content area in which the teacher will become certified or licensed; and 
‘‘(C) acquires effective teaching skills.’’. (d) P
ARTC.—Part C of title II (20 U.S.C. 6671 
et seq.) is amended— 
(1) by striking subparts 1 through 4; (2) by striking the heading relating to subpart 
5; 
(3) by striking sections 2361 and 2368; (4) in section 2362, by striking ‘‘principals’’ 
and inserting ‘‘school leaders’’; 
(5) in section 2363(6)(A), by striking ‘‘prin-
cipal’’ and inserting ‘‘school leader’’; 
(6) in section 2366(b), by striking ‘‘ate law’’ 
and inserting ‘‘(3) A State law’’; 
(7) by redesignating section 2362 as section 
2361; 
(8) by redesignating sections 2364 through 2367 
as sections 2362 through 2365, respectively; and 
(9) by redesignating section 2363 as section 
2366 and transferring such section to appear after section 2365 (as so redesignated). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.015 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1220 February 26, 2015 
(e) P ARTD.—Part D of title II (20 U.S.C. 6751 
et seq.) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘PART D—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
‘‘SEC. 2401. INCLUSION OF CHARTER SCHOOLS. 
‘‘In this title, the term ‘local educational 
agency’ includes a charter school (as defined in section 6101) that, in the absence of this section, would not have received funds under this title. 
‘‘SEC. 2402. PARENTS’ RIGHT TO KNOW. 
‘‘At the beginning of each school year, a local 
educational agency that receives funds under this title shall notify the parents of each student attending any school receiving funds under this title that the parents may request, and the agency will provide the parents on request (and in a timely manner), information regarding the professional qualifications of the student’s classroom teachers. 
‘‘SEC. 2403. SUPPLEMENT, NOT SUPPLANT. 
‘‘Funds received under this title shall be used 
to supplement, and not supplant, non-Federal funds that would otherwise be used for activities authorized under this title.’’. 
SEC. 202. CONFORMING REPEALS. 
(a) C ONFORMING REPEALS .—Title II of the 
Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1021 et seq.) is amended by repealing sections 201 through 204. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The repeals made by 
subsection (a) shall take effect October 1, 2015. 
TITLE III—PARENTAL ENGAGEMENT AND 
LOCAL FLEXIBILITY 
SEC. 301. PARENTAL ENGAGEMENT AND LOCAL 
FLEXIBILITY. 
Title III (20 U.S.C. 6801 et seq.) is amended to 
read as follows: 
‘‘TITLE III—PARENTAL ENGAGEMENT AND 
LOCAL FLEXIBILITY 
‘‘PART A—PARENTAL ENGAGEMENT 
‘‘Subpart 1—Charter School Program 
‘‘SEC. 3101. PURPOSE. 
‘‘It is the purpose of this subpart to— 
‘‘(1) improve the United States education sys-
tem and education opportunities for all Ameri-cans by supporting innovation in public edu-cation in public school settings that prepare stu-dents to compete and contribute to the global economy and a stronger America; 
‘‘(2) provide financial assistance for the plan-
ning, program design, and initial implementa-tion of charter schools; 
‘‘(3) expand the number of high-quality char-
ter schools available to students across the Na-tion; 
‘‘(4) evaluate the impact of such schools on 
student achievement, families, and communities, and share best practices between charter schools and other public schools; 
‘‘(5) encourage States to provide support to 
charter schools for facilities financing in an amount more nearly commensurate to the amount the States have typically provided for traditional public schools; 
‘‘(6) improve student services to increase op-
portunities for students with disabilities, English learners, and other traditionally under-served students to attend charter schools and meet challenging State academic achievement standards; 
‘‘(7) support efforts to strengthen the charter 
school authorizing process to improve perform-ance management, including transparency, oversight, monitoring, and evaluation of such schools; and 
‘‘(8) support quality accountability and trans-
parency in the operational performance of all authorized public chartering agencies, which in-clude State educational agencies, local edu-cational agencies, and other authorizing enti-ties. 
‘‘SEC. 3102. PROGRAM AUTHORIZED. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—This subpart authorizes 
the Secretary to carry out a charter school pro-gram that supports charter schools that serve el-ementary school and secondary school students 
by— 
‘‘(1) supporting the startup of charter schools, 
and the replication and expansion of high-qual-ity charter schools; 
‘‘(2) assisting charter schools in accessing 
credit to acquire and renovate facilities for school use; and 
‘‘(3) carrying out national activities to sup-
port— 
‘‘(A) charter school development; ‘‘(B) the dissemination of best practices of 
charter schools for all schools; 
‘‘(C) the evaluation of the impact of the pro-
gram on schools participating in the program; and 
‘‘(D) stronger charter school authorizing. ‘‘(b) F
UNDING ALLOTMENT .—From the amount 
made available under section 3(c)(1)(A) for a fis-cal year, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) reserve 12.5 percent to support charter 
school facilities assistance under section 3104; 
‘‘(2) reserve not more than 10 percent to carry 
out national activities under section 3105; and 
‘‘(3) use the remaining amount after the Sec-
retary reserves funds under paragraphs (1) and (2) to carry out section 3103. 
‘‘(c) P
RIOR GRANTS AND SUBGRANTS .—The re-
cipient of a grant or subgrant under this sub-part or subpart 2, as such subpart was in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of the Student Success Act, shall continue to re-ceive funds in accordance with the terms and conditions of such grant or subgrant. 
‘‘(d) GAO R
EPORT .—Not later than 3 years 
after the date of the enactment of the Student Success Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit a report to the Sec-retary and Congress that— 
‘‘(1) examines whether the funds authorized 
to be reserved by State entities for administra-tive costs under section 3103(b)(1)(C) is appro-priate; and 
‘‘(2) if such reservation of funds is determined 
not to be appropriate, makes recommendations on the appropriate reservation of funding for such administrative costs. 
‘‘SEC. 3103. GRANTS TO SUPPORT HIGH-QUALITY 
CHARTER SCHOOLS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—From the amount reserved 
under section 3102(b)(3), the Secretary shall award grants to State entities having applica-tions approved pursuant to subsection (f) to en-able such entities to— 
‘‘(1) award subgrants to eligible applicants for 
opening and preparing to operate— 
‘‘(A) new charter schools; ‘‘(B) replicated, high-quality charter school 
models; or 
‘‘(C) expanded, high-quality charter schools; 
and 
‘‘(2) provide technical assistance to eligible 
applicants and authorized public chartering agencies in carrying out the activities described in paragraph (1) and work with authorized pub-lic chartering agencies in the State to improve authorizing quality. 
‘‘(b) S
TATE USES OF FUNDS.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State entity receiving a 
grant under this section shall— 
‘‘(A) use not less than 90 percent of the grant 
funds to award subgrants to eligible applicants, in accordance with the quality charter school program described in the State entity’s applica-tion approved pursuant to subsection (f), for the purposes described in subparagraphs (A) through (C) of subsection (a)(1); 
‘‘(B) reserve not less than 7 percent of such 
funds to carry out the activities described in subsection (a)(2); and 
‘‘(C) reserve not more than 3 percent of such 
funds for administrative costs which may in-clude technical assistance. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTRACTS AND GRANTS .—A State entity 
may use a grant received under this section to carry out the activities described in subpara-graphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (1) directly or through grants, contracts, or cooperative agree-ments. ‘‘(3) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
Act shall prohibit the Secretary from awarding grants to States that use a weighted lottery to give slightly better chances for admission to all, or a subset of, educationally disadvantaged stu-dents if— 
‘‘(A) the use of weighted lotteries in favor of 
such students is not prohibited by State law, and such State law is consistent with laws de-scribed in section 6101(3)(G); and 
‘‘(B) such weighted lotteries are not used for 
the purpose of creating schools exclusively to serve a particular subset of students. 
‘‘(c) P
ROGRAM PERIODS ; PEERREVIEW ; GRANT 
NUMBER AND AMOUNT ; DIVERSITY OF PROJECTS ; 
WAIVERS .— 
‘‘(1) P ROGRAM PERIODS .— 
‘‘(A) G RANTS .—A grant awarded by the Sec-
retary to a State entity under this section shall be for a period of not more than 5 years. 
‘‘(B) S
UBGRANTS .—A subgrant awarded by a 
State entity under this section shall be for a pe-riod of not more than 5 years, of which an eligi-ble applicant may use not more than 18 months for planning and program design. 
‘‘(2) P
EER REVIEW .—The Secretary, and each 
State entity receiving a grant under this section, shall use a peer review process to review appli-cations for assistance under this section. 
‘‘(3) G
RANT AWARDS .—The Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) for each fiscal year for which funds are 
appropriated under section 3(c)(1)(A)— 
‘‘(i) award not less than 3 grants under this 
section; 
‘‘(ii) wholly fund each grant awarded under 
this section, without making continuation awards; and 
‘‘(iii) fully obligate the funds appropriated for 
the purpose of awarding grants under this sec-tion in the fiscal year for which such grants are awarded; and 
‘‘(B) prior to the start of the final year of the 
grant period of each grant awarded under this section to a State entity, review whether the State entity is using the grant funds for the agreed upon uses of funds and whether the full amount of the grant will be needed for the re-mainder of the grant period and may, as deter-mined necessary based on that review, terminate or reduce the amount of the grant and reallo-cate the remaining grant funds to other State entities during the succeeding grant competition under this section. 
‘‘(4) D
IVERSITY OF PROJECTS .—Each State en-
tity receiving a grant under this section shall award subgrants under this section in a manner that, to the extent possible, ensures that such subgrants— 
‘‘(A) are distributed throughout different 
areas, including urban, suburban, and rural areas; and 
‘‘(B) will assist charter schools representing a 
variety of educational approaches. 
‘‘(5) W
AIVERS .—The Secretary may waive any 
statutory or regulatory requirement over which the Secretary exercises administrative authority, except for any such requirement relating to the elements of a charter school described in section 6101(3), if— 
‘‘(A) the waiver is requested in an approved 
application under this section; and 
‘‘(B) the Secretary determines that granting 
such a waiver will promote the purposes of this subpart. 
‘‘(d) L
IMITATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) G RANTS .—The Secretary shall not award 
a grant to a State entity under this section in a case in which such award would result in more than 1 grant awarded under this section being carried out in a State at the same time. 
‘‘(2) S
UBGRANTS .—An eligible applicant may 
not receive more than 1 subgrant under this sec-tion per individual charter school for a 5-year period, unless the eligible applicant dem-onstrates to the State entity not less than 3 years of improved educational results in the areas described in subparagraphs (A) and (D) of section 3110(7) for students enrolled in such charter school. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.015 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1221 February 26, 2015 
‘‘(e) A PPLICATIONS .—A State entity desiring to 
receive a grant under this section shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may require. The application shall include the following: 
‘‘(1) D
ESCRIPTION OF PROGRAM .—A description 
of the State entity’s objectives under this section and how the objectives of the State entity’s quality charter school program will be carried out, including a description— 
‘‘(A) of how the State entity— ‘‘(i) will support the opening of new charter 
schools, replicated, high-quality charter school models, or expanded, high-quality charter schools, and a description of the proposed num-ber of each type of charter school or model, if applicable, to be opened under the State entity’s program; 
‘‘(ii) will inform eligible charter schools, devel-
opers, and authorized public chartering agen-cies of the availability of funds under the pro-gram; 
‘‘(iii) will work with eligible applicants to en-
sure that the eligible applicants access all Fed-eral funds that they are eligible to receive, and help the charter schools supported by the appli-cants and the students attending the charter schools— 
‘‘(I) participate in the Federal programs in 
which the schools and students are eligible to participate; 
‘‘(II) receive the commensurate share of Fed-
eral funds the schools and students are eligible to receive under such programs; and 
‘‘(III) meet the needs of students served under 
such programs, including students with disabil-ities and English learners; 
‘‘(iv) will have clear plans and procedures to 
assist students enrolled in a charter school that closes or loses its charter to attend other high- quality schools; 
‘‘(v) in the case in which the State entity is 
not a State educational agency— 
‘‘(I) will work with the State educational 
agency and the charter schools in the State to maximize charter school participation in Federal and State programs for charter schools; and 
‘‘(II) will work with the State educational 
agency to adequately operate the State entity’s program under this section, where applicable; 
‘‘(vi) will ensure each eligible applicant that 
receives a subgrant under the State entity’s pro-gram to open and prepare to operate a new charter school, a replicated, high-quality char-ter school model, or an expanded, high-quality charter school— 
‘‘(I) will ensure such school or model meets 
the requirements under section 6101(3); and 
‘‘(II) is prepared to continue to operate such 
school or model, in a manner consistent with the eligible applicant’s application, after the subgrant funds have expired; 
‘‘(vii) will support charter schools in local 
educational agencies with large numbers of schools identified by the State for improvement, including supporting the use of charter schools to improve, or in turning around, struggling schools; 
‘‘(viii) will work with charter schools to pro-
mote inclusion of all students, including elimi-nating any barriers to enrollment for foster youth or unaccompanied homeless youth, and support all students once they are enrolled to promote retention including through the use of fair disciplinary practice; 
‘‘(ix) will work with charter schools on re-
cruitment practices, including efforts to engage groups that may otherwise have limited oppor-tunities to participate in charter schools, and to ensure such schools do not have in effect poli-cies or procedures that may create barriers to enrollment of students, including educationally disadvantaged students, and are in compliance with all Federal and State laws on enrollment practices; 
‘‘(x) will share best and promising practices 
between charter schools and other public schools, including, where appropriate, instruc-tion and professional development in science, 
technology, engineering, and math education, including computer science, and other subjects; 
‘‘(xi) will ensure the charter schools receiving 
funds under the State entity’s program meet the educational needs of their students, including 
students with disabilities and English learners; 
‘‘(xii) will support efforts to increase quality 
initiatives, including meeting the quality au-thorizing elements described in paragraph (2)(E); 
‘‘(xiii) in the case of a State entity not de-
scribed in clause (xiv), will provide oversight of authorizing activity, including how the State will help ensure better authorizing, such as by establishing authorizing standards that may in-clude approving, actively monitoring, and re-ap-proving or revoking the authority of an author-ized public chartering agency based on the per-formance of the charter schools authorized by such agency in the areas of student achieve-ment, student safety, financial and operational management, and compliance with all applica-ble statutes and regulations; 
‘‘(xiv) in the case of a State entity defined in 
subsection (i)(4), will work with the State to support the State’s system of assistance and oversight of authorized public chartering agen-cies for authorizing activity described in clause (xiii); and 
‘‘(xv) will work with eligible applicants receiv-
ing a subgrant under the State entity’s program to support the opening of charter schools or charter school models described in clause (i) that are secondary schools; 
‘‘(B) of the extent to which the State entity— ‘‘(i) is able to meet and carry out the priorities 
listed in subsection (f)(2); and 
‘‘(ii) is working to develop or strengthen a co-
hesive statewide system to support the opening of new charter schools, replicated, high-quality charter school models, or expanded, high-qual-ity charter schools; 
‘‘(C) of how the State entity will carry out the 
subgrant competition, including— 
‘‘(i) a description of the application each eligi-
ble applicant desiring to receive a subgrant will submit, including— 
‘‘(I) a description of the roles and responsibil-
ities of the eligible applicant, partner organiza-tions, and management organizations, including the administrative and contractual roles and re-sponsibilities; 
‘‘(II) a description of the quality controls 
agreed to between the eligible applicant and the authorized public chartering agency involved, such as a contract or performance agreement, how a school’s performance in the State’s aca-demic accountability system will be one of the most important factors for renewal or revocation of the school’s charter, and how the State entity and the authorized public chartering agency in-volved will reserve the right to revoke or not renew a school’s charter based on financial, structural, or operational factors involving the management of the school; 
‘‘(III) a description of how the eligible appli-
cant will solicit and consider input from parents and other members of the community on the im-plementation and operation of each charter school that will receive funds under the State entity’s program; and 
‘‘(IV) a description of the planned activities 
and expenditures for the subgrant funds for purposes of opening and preparing to operate a new charter school, a replicated, high-quality charter school model, or an expanded, high- quality charter school, and how the school or model will maintain financial sustainability after the end of the subgrant period; and 
‘‘(ii) a description of how the State entity will 
review applications; 
‘‘(D) in the case of a State entity that part-
ners with an outside organization to carry out the State entity’s quality charter school pro-gram, in whole or in part, of the roles and re-sponsibilities of this partner; 
‘‘(E) of how the State entity will help the 
charter schools receiving funds under the State entity’s program consider the transportation 
needs of the schools’ students; and 
‘‘(F) of how the State entity will support di-
verse charter school models, including models that serve rural communities. 
‘‘(2) A
SSURANCES .—Assurances, including a 
description of how the assurances will be met, that— 
‘‘(A) each charter school receiving funds 
under the State entity’s program will have a high degree of autonomy over budget and oper-ations; 
‘‘(B) the State entity will support charter 
schools in meeting the educational needs of their students as described in paragraph (1)(A)(xi); 
‘‘(C) the State entity will ensure that the au-
thorized public chartering agency of any char-ter school that receives funds under the State entity’s program— 
‘‘(i) adequately monitors each such charter 
school in recruiting, enrolling, and meeting the needs of all students, including students with disabilities and English learners; and 
‘‘(ii) ensures that each such charter school so-
licits and considers input from parents and other members of the community on the imple-mentation and operation of the school; 
‘‘(D) the State entity will provide adequate 
technical assistance to eligible applicants to— 
‘‘(i) meet the objectives described in clauses 
(viii) and (ix) of paragraph (1)(A) and subpara-graph (B) of this paragraph; and 
‘‘(ii) recruit, enroll, and retain traditionally 
underserved students, including students with disabilities and English learners, at rates similar to traditional public schools; 
‘‘(E) the State entity will promote quality au-
thorizing, such as through providing technical assistance and supporting all authorized public chartering agencies in the State to improve the oversight of their charter schools, including by— 
‘‘(i) assessing annual performance data of the 
schools, including, as appropriate, graduation rates, student academic growth, and rates of student attrition; 
‘‘(ii) reviewing the schools’ independent, an-
nual audits of financial statements conducted in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and ensuring any such audits are publically reported; and 
‘‘(iii) holding charter schools accountable to 
the academic, financial, and operational quality controls agreed to between the charter school and the authorized public chartering agency in-volved, such as through renewal, non-renewal, or revocation of the school’s charter; 
‘‘(F) the State entity will work to ensure that 
charter schools are included with the traditional public schools in decisionmaking about the pub-lic school system in the State; and 
‘‘(G) The State entity will ensure that each 
charter school receiving funds under the State entity’s program makes publicly available, con-sistent with the dissemination requirements of the annual State report card, information to help parents make informed decisions about the education options available to their children, in-cluding information for each school on— 
‘‘(i) the educational program; ‘‘(ii) student support services; ‘‘(iii) annual performance and enrollment 
data, disaggregated by the groups of students described in section 1111(b)(3)(B)(ii)(II), except that such disaggregation shall not be required in a case in which the number of students in a group is insufficient to yield statistically reliable information or the results would reveal person-ally identifiable information about an indi-vidual student; and 
‘‘(iv) any other information the State requires 
all other public schools to report for purposes of section 1111(h)(1)(D). 
‘‘(3) R
EQUESTS FOR WAIVERS .—A request and 
justification for waivers of any Federal statu-tory or regulatory provisions that the State enti-ty believes are necessary for the successful oper-ation of the charter schools that will receive 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.015 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1222 February 26, 2015 
funds under the State entity’s program under 
this section or, in the case of a State entity de-fined in subsection (i)(4), a description of how the State entity will work with the State to re-quest such necessary waivers, where applicable, and a description of any State or local rules, generally applicable to public schools, that will be waived, or otherwise not apply to such schools. 
‘‘(f) S
ELECTION CRITERIA ; PRIORITY .— 
‘‘(1) S ELECTION CRITERIA .—The Secretary 
shall award grants to State entities under this section on the basis of the quality of the appli-cations submitted under subsection (e), after taking into consideration— 
‘‘(A) the degree of flexibility afforded by the 
State’s public charter school law and how the State entity will work to maximize the flexibility provided to charter schools under the law; 
‘‘(B) the ambitiousness of the State entity’s 
objectives for the quality charter school program carried out under this section; 
‘‘(C) the quality of the strategy for assessing 
achievement of those objectives; 
‘‘(D) the likelihood that the eligible applicants 
receiving subgrants under the program will meet those objectives and improve educational results for students; 
‘‘(E) the State entity’s plan to— ‘‘(i) adequately monitor the eligible applicants 
receiving subgrants under the State entity’s pro-gram; 
‘‘(ii) work with the authorized public char-
tering agencies involved to avoid duplication of work for the charter schools and authorized public chartering agencies; and 
‘‘(iii) provide adequate technical assistance 
and support for— 
‘‘(I) the charter schools receiving funds under 
the State entity’s program; and 
‘‘(II) quality authorizing efforts in the State; 
and 
‘‘(F) the State entity’s plan to solicit and con-
sider input from parents and other members of the community on the implementation and oper-ation of the charter schools in the State. 
‘‘(2) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under 
this section, the Secretary shall give priority to State entities to the extent that they meet the following criteria: 
‘‘(A) The State entity is located in a State— ‘‘(i) that allows at least one entity that is not 
a local educational agency to be an authorized public chartering agency for developers seeking to open a charter school in the State; or 
‘‘(ii) in which local educational agencies are 
the only authorized public chartering agencies and that has an appeals process for the denial of an application for a charter school; 
‘‘(B) The State entity is located in a State 
that does not impose any limitation on the num-ber or percentage of charter schools that may exist or the number or percentage of students that may attend charter schools in the State. 
‘‘(C) The State entity is located in a State that 
ensures equitable financing, as compared to tra-ditional public schools, for charter schools and students in a prompt manner. 
‘‘(D) The State entity is located in a State 
that uses best practices from charter schools to help improve struggling schools and local edu-cational agencies. 
‘‘(E) The State entity partners with an orga-
nization that has a demonstrated record of suc-cess in developing management organizations to support the development of charter schools in the State. 
‘‘(F) The State entity supports charter schools 
that support at-risk students through activities such as dropout prevention, dropout recovery, or comprehensive career counseling practices. 
‘‘(G) The State entity authorizes all charter 
schools in the State to serve as school food au-thorities. 
‘‘(H) The State entity has taken steps to en-
sure that all authorizing public chartering agencies implement best practices for charter school authorizing. ‘‘(I) The State entity is able to demonstrate 
that its State provides charter schools one or more of the following: 
‘‘(i) Funding for facilities. ‘‘(ii) Assistance with the acquisition of facili-
ties. 
‘‘(iii) Access to public facilities. ‘‘(iv) The right of first refusal to purchase 
public school buildings. 
‘‘(v) Low or no cost leasing privileges. ‘‘(g) L
OCAL USES OF FUNDS.—An eligible ap-
plicant receiving a subgrant under this section shall use such funds to carry out activities re-lated to opening and preparing to operate a new charter school, a replicated, high-quality char-ter school model, or an expanded, high-quality charter school, such as— 
‘‘(1) preparing teachers and school leaders, in-
cluding through professional development; 
‘‘(2) acquiring equipment, educational mate-
rials, and supplies; and 
‘‘(3) carrying out necessary renovations and 
minor facilities repairs (excluding construction). 
‘‘(h) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENTS .—Each State 
entity receiving a grant under this section shall submit to the Secretary, at the end of the third year of the 5-year grant period and at the end of such grant period, a report on— 
‘‘(1) the number of students served by each 
subgrant awarded under this section and, if ap-plicable, how many new students were served during each year of the subgrant period; 
‘‘(2) the progress the State entity made toward 
meeting the priorities described in subsection (f)(2), as applicable; 
‘‘(3) how the State entity met the objectives of 
the quality charter school program described in the State entity’s application under subsection (e), including how the State entity met the ob-jective of sharing best and promising practices described in subsection (e)(1)(A)(x) in areas such as instruction, professional development, cur-ricula development, and operations between charter schools and other public schools, and the extent to which, if known, such practices were adopted and implemented by such other public schools; 
‘‘(4) how the State entity complied with, and 
ensured that eligible applicants complied with, the assurances described in the State entity’s application; 
‘‘(5) how the State entity worked with author-
ized public chartering agencies, including how the agencies worked with the management com-pany or leadership of the schools that received subgrants under this section; 
‘‘(6) the number of subgrants awarded under 
this section to carry out each of the following: 
‘‘(A) the opening of new charter schools; ‘‘(B) the opening of replicated, high-quality 
charter school models; and 
‘‘(C) the opening of expanded, high-quality 
charter schools; and 
‘‘(7) how the State entity has worked with 
charter schools receiving funds under the State entity’s program to foster community involve-ment in the planning for and opening of such schools. 
‘‘(i) S
TATE ENTITY DEFINED .—For purposes of 
this section, the term ‘State entity’ means— 
‘‘(1) a State educational agency; ‘‘(2) a State charter school board; ‘‘(3) a Governor of a State; or ‘‘(4) a charter school support organization. 
‘‘SEC. 3104. FACILITIES FINANCING ASSISTANCE. 
‘‘(a) G RANTS TO ELIGIBLE ENTITIES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—From the amount reserved 
under section 3102(b)(1), the Secretary shall not use less than 50 percent to award grants to eligi-ble entities that have the highest-quality appli-cations approved under subsection (d), after considering the diversity of such applications, to demonstrate innovative methods of assisting charter schools to address the cost of acquiring, constructing, and renovating facilities by en-hancing the availability of loans or bond fi-nancing. ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY DEFINED .—For purposes 
of this section, the term ‘eligible entity’ means— 
‘‘(A) a public entity, such as a State or local 
governmental entity; 
‘‘(B) a private nonprofit entity; or ‘‘(C) a consortium of entities described in sub-
paragraphs (A) and (B). 
‘‘(b) G
RANTEE SELECTION .—The Secretary 
shall evaluate each application submitted under subsection (d), and shall determine whether the application is sufficient to merit approval. 
‘‘(c) G
RANT CHARACTERISTICS .—Grants under 
subsection (a) shall be of a sufficient size, scope, and quality so as to ensure an effective dem-onstration of an innovative means of enhancing credit for the financing of charter school acqui-sition, construction, or renovation. 
‘‘(d) A
PPLICATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—To receive a grant under 
subsection (a), an eligible entity shall submit to the Secretary an application in such form as the Secretary may reasonably require. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—An application submitted 
under paragraph (1) shall contain— 
‘‘(A) a statement identifying the activities pro-
posed to be undertaken with funds received under subsection (a), including how the eligible entity will determine which charter schools will receive assistance, and how much and what types of assistance charter schools will receive; 
‘‘(B) a description of the involvement of char-
ter schools in the application’s development and the design of the proposed activities; 
‘‘(C) a description of the eligible entity’s ex-
pertise in capital market financing; 
‘‘(D) a description of how the proposed activi-
ties will leverage the maximum amount of pri-vate-sector financing capital relative to the amount of public funding used and otherwise enhance credit available to charter schools, in-cluding how the eligible entity will offer a com-bination of rates and terms more favorable than the rates and terms that a charter school could receive without assistance from the eligible enti-ty under subsection (a); 
‘‘(E) a description of how the eligible entity 
possesses sufficient expertise in education to evaluate the likelihood of success of a charter school program for which facilities financing is sought; and 
‘‘(F) in the case of an application submitted 
by a State governmental entity, a description of the actions that the entity has taken, or will take, to ensure that charter schools within the State receive the funding the charter schools need to have adequate facilities. 
‘‘(e) C
HARTER SCHOOL OBJECTIVES .—An eligi-
ble entity receiving a grant under subsection (a) shall use the funds deposited in the reserve ac-count established under subsection (f) to assist one or more charter schools to access private sector capital to accomplish one or more of the following objectives: 
‘‘(1) The acquisition (by purchase, lease, do-
nation, or otherwise) of an interest (including an interest held by a third party for the benefit of a charter school) in improved or unimproved real property that is necessary to commence or continue the operation of a charter school. 
‘‘(2) The construction of new facilities, or the 
renovation, repair, or alteration of existing fa-cilities, necessary to commence or continue the operation of a charter school. 
‘‘(3) The predevelopment costs required to as-
sess sites for purposes of paragraph (1) or (2) and which are necessary to commence or con-tinue the operation of a charter school. 
‘‘(f) R
ESERVE ACCOUNT .— 
‘‘(1) U SE OF FUNDS .—To assist charter schools 
to accomplish the objectives described in sub-section (e), an eligible entity receiving a grant under subsection (a) shall, in accordance with State and local law, directly or indirectly, alone or in collaboration with others, deposit the funds received under subsection (a) (other than funds used for administrative costs in accord-ance with subsection (g)) in a reserve account established and maintained by the eligible entity 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.015 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1223 February 26, 2015 
for this purpose. Amounts deposited in such ac-
count shall be used by the eligible entity for one or more of the following purposes: 
‘‘(A) Guaranteeing, insuring, and reinsuring 
bonds, notes, evidences of debt, loans, and inter-ests therein, the proceeds of which are used for an objective described in subsection (e). 
‘‘(B) Guaranteeing and insuring leases of per-
sonal and real property for an objective de-scribed in subsection (e). 
‘‘(C) Facilitating financing by identifying po-
tential lending sources, encouraging private lending, and other similar activities that di-rectly promote lending to, or for the benefit of, charter schools. 
‘‘(D) Facilitating the issuance of bonds by 
charter schools, or by other public entities for the benefit of charter schools, by providing tech-nical, administrative, and other appropriate as-sistance (including the recruitment of bond counsel, underwriters, and potential investors and the consolidation of multiple charter school projects within a single bond issue). 
‘‘(2) I
NVESTMENT .—Funds received under sub-
section (a) and deposited in the reserve account established under paragraph (1) shall be in-vested in obligations issued or guaranteed by the United States or a State, or in other simi-larly low-risk securities. 
‘‘(3) R
EINVESTMENT OF EARNINGS .—Any earn-
ings on funds received under subsection (a) shall be deposited in the reserve account estab-lished under paragraph (1) and used in accord-ance with such paragraph. 
‘‘(g) L
IMITATION ON ADMINISTRATIVE COSTS.— 
An eligible entity may use not more than 2.5 percent of the funds received under subsection (a) for the administrative costs of carrying out its responsibilities under this section (excluding subsection (k)). 
‘‘(h) A
UDITS AND REPORTS .— 
‘‘(1) F INANCIAL RECORD MAINTENANCE AND  
AUDIT .—The financial records of each eligible 
entity receiving a grant under subsection (a) shall be maintained in accordance with gen-erally accepted accounting principles and shall be subject to an annual audit by an inde-pendent public accountant. 
‘‘(2) R
EPORTS .— 
‘‘(A) G RANTEE ANNUAL REPORTS .—Each eligi-
ble entity receiving a grant under subsection (a) annually shall submit to the Secretary a report of its operations and activities under this sec-tion (excluding subsection (k)). 
‘‘(B) C
ONTENTS .—Each annual report sub-
mitted under subparagraph (A) shall include— 
‘‘(i) a copy of the most recent financial state-
ments, and any accompanying opinion on such statements, prepared by the independent public accountant reviewing the financial records of the eligible entity; 
‘‘(ii) a copy of any report made on an audit of 
the financial records of the eligible entity that was conducted under paragraph (1) during the reporting period; 
‘‘(iii) an evaluation by the eligible entity of 
the effectiveness of its use of the Federal funds provided under subsection (a) in leveraging pri-vate funds; 
‘‘(iv) a listing and description of the charter 
schools served during the reporting period, in-cluding the amount of funds used by each school, the type of project facilitated by the grant, and the type of assistance provided to the charter schools; 
‘‘(v) a description of the activities carried out 
by the eligible entity to assist charter schools in meeting the objectives set forth in subsection (e); and 
‘‘(vi) a description of the characteristics of 
lenders and other financial institutions partici-pating in the activities undertaken by the eligi-ble entity under this section (excluding sub-section (k)) during the reporting period. 
‘‘(C) S
ECRETARIAL REPORT .—The Secretary 
shall review the reports submitted under sub-paragraph (A) and shall provide a comprehen-sive annual report to Congress on the activities conducted under this section (excluding sub-
section (k)). 
‘‘(i) N
OFULLFAITH AND CREDIT FOR GRANTEE  
OBLIGATION .—No financial obligation of an eli-
gible entity entered into pursuant to this section (such as an obligation under a guarantee, bond, note, evidence of debt, or loan) shall be an obli-gation of, or guaranteed in any respect by, the United States. The full faith and credit of the United States is not pledged to the payment of funds which may be required to be paid under any obligation made by an eligible entity pursu-ant to any provision of this section. 
‘‘(j) R
ECOVERY OF FUNDS.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary, in accord-
ance with chapter 37 of title 31, United States Code, shall collect— 
‘‘(A) all of the funds in a reserve account es-
tablished by an eligible entity under subsection (f)(1) if the Secretary determines, not earlier than 2 years after the date on which the eligible entity first received funds under subsection (a), that the eligible entity has failed to make sub-stantial progress in carrying out the purposes described in subsection (f)(1); or 
‘‘(B) all or a portion of the funds in a reserve 
account established by an eligible entity under subsection (f)(1) if the Secretary determines that the eligible entity has permanently ceased to use all or a portion of the funds in such account to accomplish any purpose described in subsection (f)(1). 
‘‘(2) E
XERCISE OF AUTHORITY .—The Secretary 
shall not exercise the authority provided in paragraph (1) to collect from any eligible entity any funds that are being properly used to achieve one or more of the purposes described in subsection (f)(1). 
‘‘(3) P
ROCEDURES .—The provisions of sections 
451, 452, and 458 of the General Education Pro-visions Act (20 U.S.C. 124, 1234a, 1234g) shall apply to the recovery of funds under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(4) C
ONSTRUCTION .—This subsection shall 
not be construed to impair or affect the author-ity of the Secretary to recover funds under part D of the General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1234 et seq.). 
‘‘(k) P
ER-PUPIL FACILITIES AIDPROGRAM .— 
‘‘(1) D EFINITION OF PER -PUPIL FACILITIES AID  
PROGRAM .—In this subsection, the term ‘per- 
pupil facilities aid program’ means a program in which a State makes payments, on a per-pupil basis, to charter schools to provide the schools with financing— 
‘‘(A) that is dedicated solely for funding char-
ter school facilities; or 
‘‘(B) a portion of which is dedicated for fund-
ing charter school facilities. 
‘‘(2) G
RANTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—From the amount under 
section 3102(b)(1) remaining after the Secretary makes grants under subsection (a), the Sec-retary shall make grants, on a competitive basis, to States to pay for the Federal share of the cost of establishing or enhancing, and administering per-pupil facilities aid programs. 
‘‘(B) P
ERIOD .—The Secretary shall award 
grants under this subsection for periods of not more than 5 years. 
‘‘(C) F
EDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of 
the cost described in subparagraph (A) for a per-pupil facilities aid program shall be not more than— 
‘‘(i) 90 percent of the cost, for the first fiscal 
year for which the program receives assistance under this subsection; 
‘‘(ii) 80 percent in the second such year; ‘‘(iii) 60 percent in the third such year; ‘‘(iv) 40 percent in the fourth such year; and ‘‘(v) 20 percent in the fifth such year. ‘‘(D) S
TATE SHARE .—A State receiving a grant 
under this subsection may partner with 1 or more organizations to provide up to 50 percent of the State share of the cost of establishing or enhancing, and administering the per-pupil fa-cilities aid program. 
‘‘(E) M
ULTIPLE GRANTS .—A State may receive 
more than 1 grant under this subsection, so long as the amount of such funds provided to charter 
schools increases with each successive grant. 
‘‘(3) U SE OF FUNDS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A State that receives a 
grant under this subsection shall use the funds made available through the grant to establish or enhance, and administer, a per-pupil facilities aid program for charter schools in the State of the applicant. 
‘‘(B) E
VALUATIONS ; TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE ; 
DISSEMINATION .—From the amount made avail-
able to a State through a grant under this sub-section for a fiscal year, the State may reserve not more than 5 percent to carry out evalua-tions, to provide technical assistance, and to disseminate information. 
‘‘(C) S
UPPLEMENT , NOT SUPPLANT .—Funds 
made available under this subsection shall be used to supplement, and not supplant, State and local public funds expended to provide per pupil facilities aid programs, operations financ-ing programs, or other programs, for charter schools. 
‘‘(4) R
EQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(A) V OLUNTARY PARTICIPATION .—No State 
may be required to participate in a program car-ried out under this subsection. 
‘‘(B) S
TATE LAW .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
clause (ii), to be eligible to receive a grant under this subsection, a State shall establish or en-hance, and administer, a per-pupil facilities aid program for charter schools in the State, that— 
‘‘(I) is specified in State law; and ‘‘(II) provides annual financing, on a per- 
pupil basis, for charter school facilities. 
‘‘(ii) S
PECIAL RULE .—Notwithstanding clause 
(i), a State that is required under State law to provide its charter schools with access to ade-quate facility space, but which does not have a per-pupil facilities aid program for charter schools specified in State law, may be eligible to receive a grant under this subsection if the State agrees to use the funds to develop a per-pupil facilities aid program consistent with the re-quirements of this subsection. 
‘‘(5) A
PPLICATIONS .—To be eligible to receive a 
grant under this subsection, a State shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may require. 
‘‘SEC. 3105. NATIONAL ACTIVITIES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Of the amount reserved 
under section 3102(b)(2), the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) use not less than 75 percent of such 
amount to award grants in accordance with subsection (b); and 
‘‘(2) use not more than 25 percent of such 
amount to— 
‘‘(A) provide technical assistance to State en-
tities in awarding subgrants under section 3103, and eligible entities and States receiving grants under section 3104; 
‘‘(B) disseminate best practices; and ‘‘(C) evaluate the impact of the charter school 
program, including the impact on student achievement, carried out under this subpart. 
‘‘(b) G
RANTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall make 
grants, on a competitive basis, to eligible appli-cants for the purpose of carrying out the activi-ties described in section 3102(a)(1), subpara-graphs (A) through (C) of section 3103(a)(1), and section 3103(g). 
‘‘(2) T
ERMS AND CONDITIONS .—Except as oth-
erwise provided in this subsection, grants awarded under this subsection shall have the same terms and conditions as grants awarded to State entities under section 3103. 
‘‘(3) C
HARTER MANAGEMENT ORGANIZATIONS .— 
The Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) of the amount described in subsection 
(a)(1), use not less than 75 percent to make grants, on a competitive basis, to eligible appli-cants described in paragraph (4)(B); and 
‘‘(B) notwithstanding paragraphs (1)(A) and 
(2) of section 3103(f)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.015 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1224 February 26, 2015 
‘‘(i) award grants to eligible applicants on the 
basis of the quality of the applications sub-mitted under this subsection; and 
‘‘(ii) in awarding grants to eligible applicants 
described in paragraph (4)(B) of this subsection, take into consideration whether such an eligible applicant— 
‘‘(I) demonstrates a high proportion of high- 
quality charter schools within the network of the eligible applicant; 
‘‘(II) demonstrates success in serving students 
who are educationally disadvantaged; 
‘‘(III) does not have a significant proportion 
of charter schools that have been closed, had their charter revoked for compliance issues, or had their affiliation with such eligible applicant revoked; 
‘‘(IV) has sufficient procedures in effect to en-
sure timely closure of low-performing or finan-cially mismanaged charter schools and clear plans and procedures in effect for the students in such schools to attend other high-quality schools; and 
‘‘(V) demonstrates success in working with 
schools identified for improvement by the State. 
‘‘(4) E
LIGIBLE APPLICANT DEFINED .—For pur-
poses of this subsection, the term ‘eligible appli-cant’ means an eligible applicant (as defined in section 3110) that— 
‘‘(A) desires to open a charter school in— ‘‘(i) a State that did not apply for a grant 
under section 3103; or 
‘‘(ii) a State that did not receive a grant 
under section 3103; or 
‘‘(B) is a charter management organization. ‘‘(c) C
ONTRACTS AND GRANTS .—The Secretary 
may carry out any of the activities described in this section directly or through grants, con-tracts, or cooperative agreements. 
‘‘SEC. 3106. FEDERAL FORMULA ALLOCATION 
DURING FIRST YEAR AND FOR SUC-CESSIVE ENROLLMENT EXPANSIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—For purposes of the alloca-
tion to schools by the States or their agencies of funds under part A of title I, and any other Federal funds which the Secretary allocates to States on a formula basis, the Secretary and each State educational agency shall take such measures as are necessary to ensure that every charter school receives the Federal funding for which the charter school is eligible not later than 5 months after the charter school first opens, notwithstanding the fact that the iden-tity and characteristics of the students enrolling in that charter school are not fully and com-pletely determined until that charter school ac-tually opens. The measures similarly shall en-sure that every charter school expanding its en-rollment in any subsequent year of operation re-ceives the Federal funding for which the charter school is eligible not later than 5 months after such expansion. 
‘‘(b) A
DJUSTMENT AND LATEOPENINGS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The measures described in 
subsection (a) shall include provision for appro-priate adjustments, through recovery of funds or reduction of payments for the succeeding year, in cases where payments made to a charter school on the basis of estimated or projected en-rollment data exceed the amounts that the school is eligible to receive on the basis of actual or final enrollment data. 
‘‘(2) R
ULE.—For charter schools that first 
open after November 1 of any academic year, the State, in accordance with guidance provided by the Secretary and applicable Federal statutes and regulations, shall ensure that such charter schools that are eligible for the funds described in subsection (a) for such academic year have a full and fair opportunity to receive those funds during the charter schools’ first year of oper-ation. 
‘‘SEC. 3107. SOLICITATION OF INPUT FROM CHAR-
TER SCHOOL OPERATORS. 
‘‘To the extent practicable, the Secretary shall 
ensure that administrators, teachers, and other individuals directly involved in the operation of charter schools are consulted in the development of any rules or regulations required to imple-
ment this subpart, as well as in the development of any rules or regulations relevant to charter schools that are required to implement part A of title I, the Individuals with Disabilities Edu-cation Act, or any other program administered by the Secretary that provides education funds to charter schools or regulates the activities of charter schools. 
‘‘SEC. 3108. RECORDS TRANSFER. 
‘‘State educational agencies and local edu-
cational agencies, as quickly as possible and to the extent practicable, shall ensure that a stu-dent’s records and, if applicable, a student’s in-dividualized education program as defined in section 602(14) of the Individuals with Disabil-ities Education Act, are transferred to a charter school upon the transfer of the student to the charter school, and to another public school upon the transfer of the student from a charter school to another public school, in accordance with applicable State law. 
‘‘SEC. 3109. PAPERWORK REDUCTION. 
‘‘To the extent practicable, the Secretary and 
each authorized public chartering agency shall ensure that implementation of this subpart re-sults in a minimum of paperwork for any eligible applicant or charter school. 
‘‘SEC. 3110. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this subpart: 
‘‘(1) C HARTER MANAGEMENT ORGANIZATION .— 
The term ‘charter management organization’ means a nonprofit organization that manages a network of charter schools linked by centralized support, operations, and oversight. 
‘‘(2) C
HARTER SCHOOL SUPPORT ORGANIZA -
TION.—The term ‘charter school support organi-
zation’ means a nonprofit, nongovernmental en-tity that is not an authorized public chartering agency, which provides on a statewide basis— 
‘‘(A) assistance to developers during the plan-
ning, program design, and initial implementa-tion of a charter school; and 
‘‘(B) technical assistance to charter schools to 
operate such schools. 
‘‘(3) D
EVELOPER .—The term ‘developer’ means 
an individual or group of individuals (including a public or private nonprofit organization), which may include teachers, administrators and other school staff, parents, or other members of the local community in which a charter school project will be carried out. 
‘‘(4) E
LIGIBLE APPLICANT .—The term ‘eligible 
applicant’ means a developer that has— 
‘‘(A) applied to an authorized public char-
tering authority to operate a charter school; and 
‘‘(B) provided adequate and timely notice to 
that authority. 
‘‘(5) A UTHORIZED PUBLIC CHARTERING AGEN -
CY.—The term ‘authorized public chartering 
agency’ means a State educational agency, local educational agency, or other public entity that has the authority pursuant to State law and ap-proved by the Secretary to authorize or approve a charter school. 
‘‘(6) E
XPANDED , HIGH-QUALITY CHARTER  
SCHOOL .—The term ‘expanded, high-quality 
charter school’ means a high-quality charter school that has either significantly increased its enrollment or added one or more grades to its school. 
‘‘(7) H
IGH-QUALITY CHARTER SCHOOL .—The 
term ‘high-quality charter school’ means a char-ter school that— 
‘‘(A) shows evidence of strong academic re-
sults, which may include strong academic growth as determined by a State; 
‘‘(B) has no significant issues in the areas of 
student safety, operational and financial man-agement, or statutory or regulatory compliance; 
‘‘(C) has demonstrated success in significantly 
increasing student academic achievement, in-cluding graduation rates where applicable, con-sistent with the requirements under title I, for all students served by the charter school; and 
‘‘(D) has demonstrated success in increasing 
student academic achievement, including grad-uation rates where applicable, for the groups of 
students described in section 1111(b)(3)(B)(ii)(II), except that such demonstra-tion is not required in a case in which the num-ber of students in a group is insufficient to yield statistically reliable information or the results would reveal personally identifiable information about an individual student. 
‘‘(8) R
EPLICATED , HIGH-QUALITY CHARTER  
SCHOOL MODEL .—The term ‘replicated, high- 
quality charter school model’ means a high- quality charter school that has opened a new campus under an existing charter or an addi-tional charter if required or permitted by State law. 
‘‘Subpart 2—Magnet School Assistance 
‘‘SEC. 3121. PURPOSE. 
‘‘The purpose of this subpart is to assist in the 
desegregation of schools served by local edu-cational agencies by providing financial assist-ance to eligible local educational agencies for— 
‘‘(1) the elimination, reduction, or prevention 
of minority group isolation in elementary schools and secondary schools with substantial proportions of minority students, which shall include assisting in the efforts of the United States to achieve voluntary desegregation in public schools; 
‘‘(2) the development and implementation of 
magnet school programs that will assist local educational agencies in achieving systemic re-forms and providing all students the oppor-tunity to meet State academic standards; 
‘‘(3) the development and design of innovative 
educational methods and practices that promote diversity and increase choices in public elemen-tary schools and public secondary schools and public educational programs; 
‘‘(4) courses of instruction within magnet 
schools that will substantially strengthen the knowledge of academic subjects and the attain-ment of tangible and marketable career, tech-nical, and professional skills of students attend-ing such schools; 
‘‘(5) improving the ability of local educational 
agencies, including through professional devel-opment, to continue operating magnet schools at a high performance level after Federal funding for the magnet schools is terminated; and 
‘‘(6) ensuring that students enrolled in the 
magnet school programs have equitable access to a quality education that will enable the stu-dents to succeed academically and continue with postsecondary education or employment. 
‘‘SEC. 3122. DEFINITION. 
‘‘For the purpose of this subpart, the term 
‘magnet school’ means a public elementary school, public secondary school, public elemen-tary education center, or public secondary edu-cation center that offers a special curriculum capable of attracting substantial numbers of students of different racial backgrounds. 
‘‘SEC. 3123. PROGRAM AUTHORIZED. 
‘‘From the amount appropriated under section 
3(c)(1)(B), the Secretary, in accordance with this subpart, is authorized to award grants to eligible local educational agencies, and con-sortia of such agencies where appropriate, to carry out the purpose of this subpart for magnet schools that are— 
‘‘(1) part of an approved desegregation plan; 
and 
‘‘(2) designed to bring students from different 
social, economic, ethnic, and racial backgrounds together. 
‘‘SEC. 3124. ELIGIBILITY. 
‘‘A local educational agency, or consortium of 
such agencies where appropriate, is eligible to receive a grant under this subpart to carry out the purpose of this subpart if such agency or consortium— 
‘‘(1) is implementing a plan undertaken pur-
suant to a final order issued by a court of the United States, or a court of any State, or any other State agency or official of competent juris-diction, that requires the desegregation of mi-nority-group-segregated children or faculty in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.015 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1225 February 26, 2015 
the elementary schools and secondary schools of 
such agency; or 
‘‘(2) without having been required to do so, 
has adopted and is implementing, or will, if a grant is awarded to such local educational agency, or consortium of such agencies, under this subpart, adopt and implement a plan that has been approved by the Secretary as adequate under title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 for the desegregation of minority-group-segregated children or faculty in such schools. 
‘‘SEC. 3125. APPLICATIONS AND REQUIREMENTS. 
‘‘(a) A PPLICATIONS .—An eligible local edu-
cational agency, or consortium of such agencies, desiring to receive a grant under this subpart shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may reasonably require. 
‘‘(b) I
NFORMATION AND ASSURANCES .—Each 
application submitted under subsection (a) shall include— 
‘‘(1) a description of— ‘‘(A) how a grant awarded under this subpart 
will be used to promote desegregation, including how the proposed magnet school programs will increase interaction among students of different social, economic, ethnic, and racial back-grounds; 
‘‘(B) the manner and extent to which the mag-
net school program will increase student aca-demic achievement in the instructional area or areas offered by the school; 
‘‘(C) how the applicant will continue the mag-
net school program after assistance under this subpart is no longer available, and, if applica-ble, an explanation of why magnet schools es-tablished or supported by the applicant with grant funds under this subpart cannot be con-tinued without the use of grant funds under this subpart; 
‘‘(D) how grant funds under this subpart will 
be used— 
‘‘(i) to improve student academic achievement 
for all students attending the magnet school programs; and 
‘‘(ii) to implement services and activities that 
are consistent with other programs under this Act, and other Acts, as appropriate; and 
‘‘(E) the criteria to be used in selecting stu-
dents to attend the proposed magnet school pro-gram; and 
‘‘(2) assurances that the applicant will— ‘‘(A) use grant funds under this subpart for 
the purposes specified in section 3121; 
‘‘(B) employ effective teachers in the courses 
of instruction assisted under this subpart; 
‘‘(C) not engage in discrimination based on 
race, religion, color, national origin, sex, or dis-ability in— 
‘‘(i) the hiring, promotion, or assignment of 
employees of the applicant or other personnel for whom the applicant has any administrative responsibility; 
‘‘(ii) the assignment of students to schools, or 
to courses of instruction within the schools, of such applicant, except to carry out the approved plan; and 
‘‘(iii) designing or operating extracurricular 
activities for students; 
‘‘(D) carry out a quality education program 
that will encourage greater parental decision-making and involvement; and 
‘‘(E) give students residing in the local attend-
ance area of the proposed magnet school pro-gram equitable consideration for placement in the program, consistent with desegregation guidelines and the capacity of the applicant to accommodate the students. 
‘‘(c) S
PECIAL RULE.—No grant shall be award-
ed under this subpart unless the Assistant Sec-retary of Education for Civil Rights determines that the assurances described in subsection (b)(2)(C) will be met. 
‘‘SEC. 3126. PRIORITY. 
‘‘In awarding grants under this subpart, the 
Secretary shall give priority to applicants that— 
‘‘(1) demonstrate the greatest need for assist-
ance, based on the expense or difficulty of effec-tively carrying out approved desegregation 
plans and the magnet school program for which the grant is sought; 
‘‘(2) propose to carry out new magnet school 
programs, or significantly revise existing magnet school programs; 
‘‘(3) propose to select students to attend mag-
net school programs by methods such as lottery, rather than through academic examination; and 
‘‘(4) propose to serve the entire student popu-
lation of a school. 
‘‘SEC. 3127. USE OF FUNDS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Grant funds made avail-
able under this subpart may be used by an eligi-ble local educational agency, or consortium of such agencies— 
‘‘(1) for planning and promotional activities 
directly related to the development, expansion, continuation, or enhancement of academic pro-grams and services offered at magnet schools; 
‘‘(2) for the acquisition of books, materials, 
and equipment, including computers and the maintenance and operation of materials, equip-ment, and computers, necessary to conduct pro-grams in magnet schools; 
‘‘(3) for the compensation, or subsidization of 
the compensation, of elementary school and sec-ondary school teachers, and instructional staff where applicable, who are necessary to conduct programs in magnet schools; 
‘‘(4) with respect to a magnet school program 
offered to less than the entire student popu-lation of a school, for instructional activities that— 
‘‘(A) are designed to make available the spe-
cial curriculum that is offered by the magnet school program to students who are enrolled in the school but who are not enrolled in the mag-net school program; and 
‘‘(B) further the purpose of this subpart; ‘‘(5) for activities, which may include profes-
sional development, that will build the recipi-ent’s capacity to operate magnet school pro-grams once the grant period has ended; 
‘‘(6) to enable the local educational agency, or 
consortium of such agencies, to have more flexi-bility in the administration of a magnet school program in order to serve students attending a school who are not enrolled in a magnet school program; and 
‘‘(7) to enable the local educational agency, or 
consortium of such agencies, to have flexibility in designing magnet schools for students in all grades. 
‘‘(b) S
PECIAL RULE.—Grant funds under this 
subpart may be used for activities described in paragraphs (2) and (3) of subsection (a) only if the activities are directly related to improving student academic achievement based on the State’s academic standards or directly related to improving student reading skills or knowledge of mathematics, science, history, geography, English, foreign languages, art, or music, or to improving career, technical, and professional skills. 
‘‘SEC. 3128. LIMITATIONS. 
‘‘(a) D URATION OF AWARDS .—A grant under 
this subpart shall be awarded for a period that shall not exceed 3 fiscal years. 
‘‘(b) L
IMITATION ON PLANNING FUNDS.—A 
local educational agency, or consortium of such agencies, may expend for planning (professional development shall not be considered to be plan-ning for purposes of this subsection) not more than 50 percent of the grant funds received under this subpart for the first year of the pro-gram and not more than 15 percent of such funds for each of the second and third such years. 
‘‘(c) A
MOUNT .—No local educational agency, 
or consortium of such agencies, awarded a grant under this subpart shall receive more than $4,000,000 under this subpart for any 1 fiscal year. 
‘‘(d) T
IMING .—To the extent practicable, the 
Secretary shall award grants for any fiscal year under this subpart not later than July 1 of the applicable fiscal year. ‘‘SEC. 3129. EVALUATIONS. 
‘‘(a) R ESERVATION .—The Secretary may re-
serve not more than 2 percent of the funds ap-propriated under section 3(c)(1)(B) for any fiscal year to carry out evaluations, provide technical assistance, and carry out dissemination projects with respect to magnet school programs assisted under this subpart. 
‘‘(b) C
ONTENTS .—Each evaluation described in 
subsection (a), at a minimum, shall address— 
‘‘(1) how and the extent to which magnet 
school programs lead to educational quality and academic improvement; 
‘‘(2) the extent to which magnet school pro-
grams enhance student access to a quality edu-cation; 
‘‘(3) the extent to which magnet school pro-
grams lead to the elimination, reduction, or pre-vention of minority group isolation in elemen-tary schools and secondary schools with sub-stantial proportions of minority students; and 
‘‘(4) the extent to which magnet school pro-
grams differ from other school programs in terms of the organizational characteristics and re-source allocations of such magnet school pro-grams. 
‘‘(c) D
ISSEMINATION .—The Secretary shall col-
lect and disseminate to the general public infor-mation on successful magnet school programs. 
‘‘SEC. 3130. RESERVATION. 
‘‘In any fiscal year for which the amount ap-
propriated under section 3(c)(1)(B) exceeds $75,000,000, the Secretary shall give priority in using such amounts in excess of $75,000,000 to awarding grants to local educational agencies or consortia of such agencies that did not re-ceive a grant under this subpart in the pre-ceding fiscal year. 
‘‘Subpart 3—Family Engagement in 
Education Programs 
‘‘SEC. 3141. PURPOSES. 
‘‘The purposes of this subpart are the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(1) To provide financial support to organiza-
tions to provide technical assistance and train-ing to State and local educational agencies in the implementation and enhancement of sys-temic and effective family engagement policies, programs, and activities that lead to improve-ments in student development and academic achievement. 
‘‘(2) To assist State educational agencies, 
local educational agencies, community-based or-ganizations, schools, and educators in strength-ening partnerships among parents, teachers, school leaders, administrators, and other school personnel in meeting the educational needs of children and fostering greater parental engage-ment. 
‘‘(3) To support State educational agencies, 
local educational agencies, schools, educators, and parents in developing and strengthening the relationship between parents and their chil-dren’s school in order to further the develop-mental progress of children. 
‘‘(4) To coordinate activities funded under 
this subpart with parent involvement initiatives funded under section 1118 and other provisions of this Act. 
‘‘(5) To assist the Secretary, State educational 
agencies, and local educational agencies in the coordination and integration of Federal, State, and local services and programs to engage fami-lies in education. 
‘‘SEC. 3142. GRANTS AUTHORIZED. 
‘‘(a) S TATEWIDE FAMILY ENGAGEMENT CEN-
TERS.—From the amount appropriated under 
section 3(c)(1)(C), the Secretary is authorized to award grants for each fiscal year to statewide organizations (or consortia of such organiza-tions), to establish Statewide Family Engage-ment Centers that provide comprehensive train-ing and technical assistance to State edu-cational agencies, local educational agencies, schools identified by State educational agencies and local educational agencies, organizations that support family-school partnerships, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.015 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1226 February 26, 2015 
other organizations that carry out, or carry out 
directly, parent education and family engage-ment in education programs. 
‘‘(b) M
INIMUM AWARD .—In awarding grants 
under this section, the Secretary shall, to the extent practicable, ensure that a grant is award-ed for a Statewide Family Engagement Center in an amount not less than $500,000. 
‘‘SEC. 3143. APPLICATIONS. 
‘‘(a) S UBMISSIONS .—Each statewide organiza-
tion, or a consortium of such organizations, that desires a grant under this subpart shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and including the information de-scribed in subsection (b). 
‘‘(b) C
ONTENTS .—Each application submitted 
under subsection (a) shall include, at a min-imum, the following: 
‘‘(1) A description of the applicant’s approach 
to family engagement in education. 
‘‘(2) A description of the support that the 
Statewide Family Engagement Center that will be operated by the applicant will have from the State educational agency and any partner orga-nization outlining the commitment to work with the center. 
‘‘(3) A description of the applicant’s plan for 
building a statewide infrastructure for family engagement in education, that includes— 
‘‘(A) management and governance; ‘‘(B) statewide leadership; or ‘‘(C) systemic services for family engagement 
in education. 
‘‘(4) A description of the applicant’s dem-
onstrated experience in providing training, in-formation, and support to State educational agencies, local educational agencies, schools, educators, parents, and organizations on family engagement in education policies and practices that are effective for parents (including low-in-come parents) and families, English learners, minorities, parents of students with disabilities, parents of homeless students, foster parents and students, and parents of migratory students, in-cluding evaluation results, reporting, or other data exhibiting such demonstrated experience. 
‘‘(5) A description of the steps the applicant 
will take to target services to low-income stu-dents and parents. 
‘‘(6) An assurance that the applicant will— ‘‘(A) establish a special advisory committee, 
the membership of which includes— 
‘‘(i) parents, who shall constitute a majority 
of the members of the special advisory com-mittee; 
‘‘(ii) representatives of education professionals 
with expertise in improving services for dis-advantaged children; 
‘‘(iii) representatives of local elementary 
schools and secondary schools, including stu-dents; 
‘‘(iv) representatives of the business commu-
nity; and 
‘‘(v) representatives of State educational 
agencies and local educational agencies; 
‘‘(B) use not less than 65 percent of the funds 
received under this subpart in each fiscal year to serve local educational agencies, schools, and community-based organizations that serve high concentrations of disadvantaged students, in-cluding English learners, minorities, parents of students with disabilities, parents of homeless students, foster parents and students, and par-ents of migratory students; 
‘‘(C) operate a Statewide Family Engagement 
Center of sufficient size, scope, and quality to ensure that the Center is adequate to serve the State educational agency, local educational agencies, and community-based organizations; 
‘‘(D) ensure that the Center will retain staff 
with the requisite training and experience to serve parents in the State; 
‘‘(E) serve urban, suburban, and rural local 
educational agencies and schools; 
‘‘(F) work with— ‘‘(i) other Statewide Family Engagement Cen-
ters assisted under this subpart; and ‘‘(ii) parent training and information centers 
and community parent resource centers assisted under sections 671 and 672 of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act; 
‘‘(G) use not less than 30 percent of the funds 
received under this subpart for each fiscal year to establish or expand technical assistance for evidence-based parent education programs; 
‘‘(H) provide assistance to State educational 
agencies and local educational agencies and community-based organizations that support family members in supporting student academic achievement; 
‘‘(I) work with State educational agencies, 
local educational agencies, schools, educators, and parents to determine parental needs and the best means for delivery of services to address such needs; 
‘‘(J) conduct sufficient outreach to assist par-
ents, including parents who the applicant may have a difficult time engaging with a school or local educational agency; and 
‘‘(K) conduct outreach to low-income students 
and parents, including low-income students and parents who are not proficient in English. 
‘‘SEC. 3144. USES OF FUNDS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Grantees shall use grant 
funds received under this subpart, based on the needs determined under section 3143(b)(6)(I), to provide training and technical assistance to State educational agencies, local educational agencies, and organizations that support fam-ily-school partnerships, and activities, services, and training for local educational agencies, school leaders, educators, and parents— 
‘‘(1) to assist parents in participating effec-
tively in their children’s education and to help their children meet State standards, such as as-sisting parents— 
‘‘(A) to engage in activities that will improve 
student academic achievement, including under-standing how they can support learning in the classroom with activities at home and in after-school and extracurricular programs; 
‘‘(B) to communicate effectively with their 
children, teachers, school leaders, counselors, administrators, and other school personnel; 
‘‘(C) to become active participants in the de-
velopment, implementation, and review of school-parent compacts, family engagement in education policies, and school planning and im-provement; 
‘‘(D) to participate in the design and provi-
sion of assistance to students who are not mak-ing academic progress; 
‘‘(E) to participate in State and local decision-
making; 
‘‘(F) to train other parents; and ‘‘(G) to help the parents learn and use tech-
nology applied in their children’s education; 
‘‘(2) to develop and implement, in partnership 
with the State educational agency, statewide family engagement in education policy and sys-temic initiatives that will provide for a con-tinuum of services to remove barriers for family engagement in education and support school re-form efforts; and 
‘‘(3) to develop and implement parental in-
volvement policies under this Act. 
‘‘(b) M
ATCHING FUNDS FOR GRANT RENEWAL .— 
For each fiscal year after the first fiscal year for which an organization or consortium receives assistance under this section, the organization or consortium shall demonstrate in the applica-tion that a portion of the services provided by the organization or consortium is supported through non-Federal contributions, which may be in cash or in-kind. 
‘‘(c) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Secretary 
shall reserve not more than 2 percent of the funds appropriated under section 3(c)(1)(C) to carry out this subpart to provide technical as-sistance, by competitive grant or contract, for the establishment, development, and coordina-tion of Statewide Family Engagement Centers. 
‘‘(d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
section shall be construed to prohibit a State-wide Family Engagement Center from— ‘‘(1) having its employees or agents meet with 
a parent at a site that is not on school grounds; or 
‘‘(2) working with another agency that serves 
children. 
‘‘(e) P
ARENTAL RIGHTS .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of this section— 
‘‘(1) no person (including a parent who edu-
cates a child at home, a public school parent, or a private school parent) shall be required to par-ticipate in any program of parent education or developmental screening under this section; and 
‘‘(2) no program or center assisted under this 
section shall take any action that infringes in any manner on the right of a parent to direct the education of their children. 
‘‘SEC. 3145. FAMILY ENGAGEMENT IN INDIAN 
SCHOOLS. 
‘‘The Secretary of the Interior, in consultation 
with the Secretary of Education, shall establish, or enter into contracts and cooperative agree-ments with local Indian nonprofit parent orga-nizations to establish and operate Family En-gagement Centers. 
‘‘PART B—LOCAL ACADEMIC FLEXIBLE 
GRANT 
‘‘SEC. 3201. PURPOSE. 
‘‘The purpose of this part is to— 
‘‘(1) provide local educational agencies with 
the opportunity to access funds to support the initiatives important to their schools and stu-dents to improve academic achievement and stu-dent engagement, including protecting student safety; and 
‘‘(2) provide nonprofit and for-profit entities 
the opportunity to work with students to im-prove academic achievement and student en-gagement, including student safety. 
‘‘SEC. 3202. ALLOTMENTS TO STATES. 
‘‘(a) R ESERVATIONS .—From the funds appro-
priated under section 3(c)(2) for any fiscal year, the Secretary shall reserve— 
‘‘(1) not more than one-half of 1 percent for 
national activities to provide technical assist-ance to eligible entities in carrying out programs under this part; and 
‘‘(2) not more than one-half of 1 percent for 
payments to the outlying areas and the Bureau of Indian Education, to be allotted in accord-ance with their respective needs for assistance under this part, as determined by the Secretary, to enable the outlying areas and the Bureau to carry out the purpose of this part. 
‘‘(b) S
TATE ALLOTMENTS .— 
‘‘(1) D ETERMINATION .—From the funds appro-
priated under section 3(c)(2) for any fiscal year and remaining after the Secretary makes res-ervations under subsection (a), the Secretary shall allot to each State for the fiscal year an amount that bears the same relationship to the remainder as the amount the State received under chapter B of subpart 1 of part A of title I for the preceding fiscal year bears to the amount all States received under that chapter for the preceding fiscal year, except that no State shall receive less than an amount equal to one-half of 1 percent of the total amount made available to all States under this subsection. 
‘‘(2) R
EALLOTMENT OF UNUSED FUNDS .—If a 
State does not receive an allotment under this part for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall reallot the amount of the State’s allotment to the re-maining States in accordance with this section. 
‘‘(c) S
TATE USE OF FUNDS.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each State that receives an 
allotment under this part shall reserve not less than 75 percent of the amount allotted to the State under subsection (b) for each fiscal year for awards to eligible entities under section 3204. 
‘‘(2) A
WARDS TO NONGOVERNMENTAL ENTITIES  
TO IMPROVE STUDENT ACADEMIC ACHIEVEMENT .— 
Each State that receives an allotment under subsection (b) for each fiscal year shall reserve not less than 8 percent of the amount allotted to the State for awards to nongovernmental enti-ties under section 3205. 
‘‘(3) S
TATE ACTIVITIES AND STATE ADMINISTRA -
TION.—A State educational agency may reserve 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.015 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1227 February 26, 2015 
not more than 17 percent of the amount allotted 
to the State under subsection (b) for each fiscal year for one or more of the following: 
‘‘(A) Enabling the State educational agency— ‘‘(i) to pay the costs of developing the State 
assessments and standards required under sec-tion 1111(b), which may include the costs of working, at the sole discretion of the State, in voluntary partnerships with other States to de-velop such assessments and standards; or 
‘‘(ii) if the State has developed the assess-
ments and standards required under section 1111(b), to administer those assessments or carry out other activities related to ensuring that the State’s schools and local educational agencies are helping students meet the State’s academic standards under such section. 
‘‘(B) The administrative costs of carrying out 
its responsibilities under this part, except that not more than 5 percent of the reserved amount may be used for this purpose. 
‘‘(C) Monitoring and evaluation of programs 
and activities assisted under this part. 
‘‘(D) Providing training and technical assist-
ance under this part. 
‘‘(E) Statewide academic focused programs. ‘‘(F) Sharing evidence-based and other effec-
tive strategies with eligible entities. 
‘‘(G) Awarding grants for blended learning 
projects under paragraph (4). 
‘‘(4) B
LENDED LEARNING PROJECTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—From the amount of funds 
a State educational agency reserves under sub-section (c)(3) for each fiscal year to carry out this paragraph, the State educational agency shall award grants on a competitive basis to eli-gible entities in the State to carry out blended learning projects described in this paragraph. 
‘‘(B) G
EOGRAPHIC DIVERSITY .— In awarding 
grants under this paragraph, a State edu-cational agency shall distribute funds equitably among geographic areas of the State, including rural and urban communities. 
‘‘(C) A
PPLICATION .—An eligible entity desiring 
to receive a grant under this paragraph shall submit an application to the State educational agency at such time and in such manner as the agency may require, and which describes— 
‘‘(i) the blended learning project to be carried 
out by the eligible entity, including the design of the instructional model to be carried out by the eligible entity and how such eligible entity will use funds provided under this paragraph to carry out the project; 
‘‘(ii) in the case of an eligible entity described 
in subclause (I), (II), or (IV) of subparagraph (F)(ii), the schools that will participate in the project; 
‘‘(iii) the expected impact on student academic 
achievement; 
‘‘(iv) how the eligible entity will ensure suffi-
cient information technology is available to carry out the project; 
‘‘(v) how the eligible entity will ensure suffi-
cient digital instructional resources are avail-able to students participating in the project; 
‘‘(vi) the ongoing professional development to 
be provided for teachers, school leaders, and other personnel carrying out the project; 
‘‘(vii) the State policies and procedures for 
which the eligible entity requests waivers from the State to carry out the project, which may in-clude requests for the waivers described in sec-tion 3203(a)(11)(B); 
‘‘(viii) as appropriate, how the eligible entity 
will use the blended learning project to improve instruction and access to the curriculum for di-verse groups of students, including students with disabilities and students who are limited English proficient; 
‘‘(ix) how the eligible entity will evaluate the 
project in terms of student academic achieve-ment and publicly report the results of such evaluation; and 
‘‘(x) how the eligible entity will sustain the 
project beyond the grant period. 
‘‘(D) U
SES OF FUNDS .—An eligible entity re-
ceiving a grant under this paragraph shall use such grant to carry out a blended learning 
project, which shall include at least 1 of the fol-lowing activities: 
‘‘(i) Planning activities, which may include 
development of new instructional models (in-cluding blended learning technology software and platforms), the purchase of digital instruc-tional resources, initial professional develop-ment activities, and one-time information tech-nology purchases, except that such expenditures may not include expenditures related to signifi-cant construction or renovation of facilities. 
‘‘(ii) Ongoing professional development for 
teachers, school leaders, or other personnel in-volved in the project that is designed to support the implementation and academic success of the project. 
‘‘(E) N
ON-FEDERAL MATCH .—A State edu-
cational agency that carries out a grant pro-gram under this paragraph shall provide non- Federal matching funds equal to not less than 10 percent of the grant funds awarded by the State educational agency to eligible entities under this paragraph. 
‘‘(F) D
EFINITIONS .—In this paragraph: 
‘‘(i) B LENDED LEARNING PROJECT .—The term 
‘blended learning project’ means a formal edu-cation program— 
‘‘(I) that includes an element of online learn-
ing, and instructional time in a supervised loca-tion away from home; 
‘‘(II) that includes an element of student con-
trol over time, path, or pace; and 
‘‘(III) in which the elements are connected to 
provide an integrated learning experience. 
‘‘(ii) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible en-
tity’ means a— 
‘‘(I) local educational agency; ‘‘(II) educational service agency; ‘‘(III) charter school; or ‘‘(IV) consortium of the entities described in 
subclause (I), (II), or (III), which may be in partnership with a for-profit or nonprofit enti-ty. 
‘‘SEC. 3203. STATE APPLICATION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In order to receive an al-
lotment under section 3202 for any fiscal year, a State educational agency shall submit to the Secretary, at such time as the Secretary may re-quire, an application that— 
‘‘(1) describes how the State educational agen-
cy will use funds reserved for State-level activi-ties, including how, if any, of the funds will be used to support student safety; 
‘‘(2) describes the procedures and criteria the 
State educational agency will use for reviewing applications and awarding funds to eligible en-tities on a competitive basis, which shall include reviewing how the proposed project will help in-crease student academic achievement and stu-dent engagement; 
‘‘(3) describes how the State educational agen-
cy will ensure that awards made under this part are— 
‘‘(A) of sufficient size and scope to support 
high-quality, effective programs that are con-sistent with the purpose of this part; and 
‘‘(B) in amounts that are consistent with sec-
tion 3204(f); 
‘‘(4) describes the steps the State educational 
agency will take to ensure that programs imple-ment effective strategies, including providing ongoing technical assistance and training, and dissemination of evidence-based and other effec-tive strategies; 
‘‘(5) describes how the State educational agen-
cy will consider students across all grades when making these awards; 
‘‘(6) an assurance that, other than providing 
technical and advisory assistance and moni-toring compliance with this part, the State edu-cational agency has not exercised and will not exercise any influence in the decisionmaking process of eligible entities as to the expenditure of funds received by the eligible entities under this part; 
‘‘(7) describes how programs under this part 
will be coordinated with programs under this Act, and other programs as appropriate; ‘‘(8) contains an assurance that the State edu-
cational agency— 
‘‘(A) will make awards for programs for a pe-
riod of not more than 5 years; and 
‘‘(B) will require each eligible entity seeking 
such an award to submit a plan describing how the project to be funded through the award will continue after funding under this part ends, if applicable; 
‘‘(9) contains an assurance that funds appro-
priated to carry out this part will be used to supplement, and not supplant, State and local public funds expended to provide programs and activities authorized under this part and other similar programs; 
‘‘(10) an assurance that the State will support 
projects from each of the categories listed in sec-tion 3204(b)(1)(D) in awarding subgrants to local educational agencies; and 
‘‘(11) in the case of a State that will carry out 
a program to award grants under section 3202(c)(4), a description of the program, which shall include— 
‘‘(A) the criteria the State will use to award 
grants under such section to eligible entities to carry out blended learning projects; 
‘‘(B) the State policies and procedures to be 
waived by the State, consistent with Federal law, for such eligible entities to carry out such projects, which may include waivers with re-spect to— 
‘‘(i) restrictions on class sizes; ‘‘(ii) restrictions on licensing or credentialing 
of personnel supervising student work in such projects; 
‘‘(iii) restrictions on the use of State funding 
for instructional materials for the purchase of digital instructional resources; 
‘‘(iv) restrictions on advancing students based 
on demonstrated mastery of learning outcomes, rather than seat-time requirements; and 
‘‘(v) restrictions on secondary school students 
in the State enrolling in online coursework; 
‘‘(C) how the State will inform eligible entities 
of the availability of the waivers described in subparagraph (B); and 
‘‘(D) how the State will provide the non-Fed-
eral match required under section 3202(c)(4)(E). 
‘‘(b) D
EEMED APPROVAL .—An application sub-
mitted by a State educational agency pursuant to subsection (a) shall be deemed to be approved by the Secretary unless the Secretary makes a written determination, prior to the expiration of the 120-day period beginning on the date on which the Secretary received the application, that the application is not in compliance with this part. 
‘‘(c) D
ISAPPROVAL .—The Secretary shall not 
finally disapprove the application, except after giving the State educational agency notice and an opportunity for a hearing. 
‘‘(d) N
OTIFICATION .—If the Secretary finds 
that the application is not in compliance, in whole or in part, with this part, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) give the State educational agency notice 
and an opportunity for a hearing; and 
‘‘(2) notify the State educational agency of 
the finding of noncompliance, and, in such noti-fication, shall— 
‘‘(A) cite the specific provisions in the appli-
cation that are not in compliance; and 
‘‘(B) request additional information, only as 
to the noncompliant provisions, needed to make the application compliant. 
‘‘(e) R
ESPONSE .—If the State educational 
agency responds to the Secretary’s notification described in subsection (d)(2) during the 45-day period beginning on the date on which the agency received the notification, and resubmits the application with the requested information described in subsection (d)(2)(B), the Secretary shall approve or disapprove such application prior to the later of— 
‘‘(1) the expiration of the 45-day period begin-
ning on the date on which the application is re-submitted; or 
‘‘(2) the expiration of the 120-day period de-
scribed in subsection (b). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.015 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1228 February 26, 2015 
‘‘(f) F AILURE TORESPOND .—If the State edu-
cational agency does not respond to the Sec-retary’s notification described in subsection (d)(2) during the 45-day period beginning on the date on which the agency received the notifica-tion, such application shall be deemed to be dis-approved. 
‘‘(g) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—An application 
submitted by a State educational agency pursu-ant to subsection (a) shall not be approved or disapproved based upon the activities for which the agency may make funds available to eligible entities under section 3204 if the agency’s use of funds is consistent with section 3204(b). 
‘‘SEC. 3204. LOCAL COMPETITIVE GRANT PRO-
GRAM. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—A State that receives funds 
under this part for a fiscal year shall provide the amount made available under section 3202(c)(1) to eligible entities in accordance with this section. 
‘‘(b) U
SE OF FUNDS.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—An eligible entity that re-
ceives an award under this part shall use the funds for activities that— 
‘‘(A) are evidence-based; ‘‘(B) will improve student academic achieve-
ment and student engagement; 
‘‘(C) are allowable under State law; and ‘‘(D) focus on one or more projects from the 
following two categories: 
‘‘(i) Supplemental student support activities 
such as before, after, or summer school activi-ties, tutoring, and expanded learning time, but not including athletics or in-school learning ac-tivities. 
‘‘(ii) Activities designed to support students, 
such as academic subject specific programs in-cluding computer science and other science, technology, engineering, and mathematics pro-grams, arts education, civic education, and ad-junct teacher, extended-learning-time, and dual enrollment programs, and parent engagement, but not including activities to— 
‘‘(I) support smaller class sizes or construc-
tion; or 
‘‘(II) provide compensation or benefits to 
teachers, school leaders, other school officials, or local educational agency staff. 
‘‘(2) P
ARTICIPATION OF CHILDREN ENROLLED IN  
PRIVATE SCHOOLS .—An eligible entity that re-
ceives an award under this part shall ensure compliance with section 6501 (relating to partici-pation of children enrolled in private schools). 
‘‘(c) A
PPLICATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—To be eligible to receive an 
award under this part, an eligible entity shall submit an application to the State educational agency at such time, in such manner, and in-cluding such information as the State edu-cational agency may reasonably require, includ-ing the contents required by paragraph (2). 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—Each application submitted 
under paragraph (1) shall include— 
‘‘(A) a description of the activities to be fund-
ed and how they are consistent with subsection (b), including any activities that will increase student safety; 
‘‘(B) an assurance that funds under this part 
will be used to increase the level of State, local, and other non-Federal funds that would, in the absence of funds under this part, be made avail-able for programs and activities authorized under this part, and in no case supplant State, local, or non-Federal funds; 
‘‘(C) an assurance that the community will be 
given notice of an intent to submit an applica-tion with an opportunity for comment, and that the application will be available for public re-view after submission of the application; and 
‘‘(D) an assurance that students who benefit 
from any activity funded under this part shall continue to maintain enrollment in a public ele-mentary or secondary school. 
‘‘(d) R
EVIEW .—In reviewing local applications 
under this section, a State educational agency shall use a peer review process or other methods of assuring the quality of such applications but the review shall be limited to the likelihood that 
the project will increase student academic achievement and student engagement. 
‘‘(e) G
EOGRAPHIC DIVERSITY .—A State edu-
cational agency shall distribute funds under this part equitably among geographic areas within the State, including rural, suburban, and urban communities. 
‘‘(f) A
WARD .—A grant shall be awarded to all 
eligible entities that submit an application that meets the requirements of this section in an amount that is not less than $10,000, but there shall be only one annual award granted to any one local educational agency, but such award may be for multiple projects or programs with the local educational agency. 
‘‘(g) D
URATION OF AWARDS .—Grants under 
this part may be awarded for a period of not more than 5 years. 
‘‘(h) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY DEFINED .—In this sec-
tion, the term ‘eligible entity’ means— 
‘‘(1) a local educational agency in partnership 
with a community-based organization, institu-tion of higher education, business entity, or nongovernmental entity; 
‘‘(2) a consortium of local educational agen-
cies working in partnership with a community- based organization, institution of higher edu-cation, business entity, or nongovernmental en-tity; 
‘‘(3) a community-based organization or insti-
tution of higher education in partnership with a local educational agency and, if applicable, a business entity or nongovernmental entity; or 
‘‘(4) a business entity in partnership with a 
local educational agency and, if applicable, a community-based organization, institution of higher education, or nongovernmental entity. 
‘‘SEC. 3205. AWARDS TO NONGOVERNMENTAL EN-
TITIES TO IMPROVE ACADEMIC ACHIEVEMENT. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—From the amount reserved 
under section 3202(c)(2), a State educational agency shall award grants to nongovernmental entities, including public or private organiza-tions, community-based or faith-based organiza-tions, institutions of higher education, and busi-ness entities for a program or project to increase the academic achievement and student engage-ment of public school students attending public elementary or secondary schools (or both) in compliance with the requirements in this sec-tion. Subject to the availability of funds, the State educational agency shall award a grant to each eligible applicant that meets the require-ments in a sufficient size and scope to support the program. 
‘‘(b) A
PPLICATION .—The State educational 
agency shall require an application that in-cludes the following information: 
‘‘(1) A description of the program or project 
the applicant will use the funds to support. 
‘‘(2) A description of how the applicant is 
using or will use other State, local, or private funding to support the program or project. 
‘‘(3) A description of how the program or 
project will help increase student academic achievement and student engagement, including the evidence to support this claim. 
‘‘(4) A description of the student population 
the program or project is targeting to impact, and if the program will prioritize students in high-need local educational agencies. 
‘‘(5) A description of how the applicant will 
conduct sufficient outreach to ensure students can participate in the program or project. 
‘‘(6) A description of any partnerships the ap-
plicant has entered into with local educational agencies or other entities the applicant will work with, if applicable. 
‘‘(7) A description of how the applicant will 
work to share evidence-based and other effective strategies from the program or project with local educational agencies and other entities working with students to increase academic achievement. 
‘‘(8) An assurance that students who benefit 
from any program or project funded under this section shall continue to maintain enrollment in a public elementary or secondary school. ‘‘(c) M
ATCHING CONTRIBUTION .—An eligible 
applicant receiving a grant under this section shall provide, either directly or through private contributions, non-Federal matching funds equal to not less than 50 percent of the amount of the grant. 
‘‘(d) R
EVIEW .—The State educational agency 
shall review the application to ensure that— 
‘‘(1) the applicant is an eligible applicant; ‘‘(2) the application clearly describes the re-
quired elements in subsection (b); 
‘‘(3) the entity meets the matching require-
ment described in subsection (c); and 
‘‘(4) the program is allowable and complies 
with Federal, State, and local laws. 
‘‘(e) D
ISTRIBUTION OF FUNDS.—If the applica-
tion requests exceed the funds available, the State educational agency shall prioritize projects that support students in high-need local educational agencies and ensure geographic di-versity, including serving rural, suburban, and urban areas. 
‘‘(f) A
DMINISTRATIVE COSTS.—Not more than 1 
percent of a grant awarded under this section may be used for administrative costs. 
‘‘SEC. 3206. REPORT. 
‘‘Each recipient of a grant under section 3204 
or 3205 shall report to the State educational agency on— 
‘‘(1) the success of the program in reaching 
the goals of the program; 
‘‘(2) a description of the students served by 
the program and how the students’ academic achievement improved; and 
‘‘(3) the results of any evaluation conducted 
on the success of the program.’’. 
TITLE IV—IMPACT AID 
SEC. 401. PURPOSE. 
Section 8001 (20 U.S.C. 7701) is amended by 
striking ‘‘challenging State standards’’ and in-serting ‘‘State academic standards’’. 
SEC. 402. PAYMENTS RELATING TO FEDERAL AC-
QUISITION OF REAL PROPERTY. 
Section 8002 (20 U.S.C. 7702) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(1)(C), by amending the 
matter preceding clause (i) to read as follows: 
‘‘(C) had an assessed value according to origi-
nal records (including facsimiles or other repro-ductions of those records) documenting the as-sessed value of such property (determined as of the time or times when so acquired) prepared by the local officials referred to in subsection (b)(3) or, when such original records are not available due to unintentional destruction (such as nat-ural disaster, fire, flooding, pest infestation, or deterioration due to age), other records, includ-ing Federal agency records, local historical records, or other records that the Secretary de-termines to be appropriate and reliable, aggre-gating 10 percent or more of the assessed value of—’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)(1)(B), by striking ‘‘section 
8014(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 3(d)(1)’’; 
(3) by amending subsection (f) to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(f) S
PECIAL RULE.—Beginning with fiscal 
year 2014, a local educational agency shall be deemed to meet the requirements of subsection (a)(1)(C) if records to determine eligibility under such subsection were destroyed prior to fiscal year 2000 and the agency received funds under subsection (b) in the previous year.’’; 
(4) by amending subsection (g) to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(g) F
ORMER DISTRICTS .— 
‘‘(1) C ONSOLIDATIONS .—For fiscal year 2006 
and each succeeding fiscal year, if a local edu-cational agency described in subsection (b) is formed at any time after 1938 by the consolida-tion of 2 or more former school districts, the local educational agency may elect to have the Secretary determine its eligibility for any fiscal year on the basis of 1 or more of those former districts, as designated by the local educational agency. 
‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGEN -
CIES.—A local educational agency referred to in 
subsection (a) is— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.015 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1229 February 26, 2015 
‘‘(A) any local educational agency that, for 
fiscal year 1994 or any preceding fiscal year, ap-plied, and was determined to be eligible under, section 2(c) of the Act of September 30, 1950 (Public Law 874, 81st Congress) as that section was in effect for that fiscal year; or 
‘‘(B) a local educational agency formed by the 
consolidation of 2 or more districts, at least 1 of which was eligible for assistance under this sec-tion for the fiscal year preceding the year of the consolidation, if— 
‘‘(i) for fiscal years 2006 through 2015 the local 
educational agency notified the Secretary not later than 30 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act; and 
‘‘(ii) for fiscal year 2016 the local educational 
agency includes the designation in its applica-tion under section 8005 or any timely amend-ment to such application. 
‘‘(3) A
MOUNT .—A local educational agency el-
igible under subsection (b) shall receive a foun-dation payment as provided for under subpara-graphs (A) and (B) of subsection (h)(1), except that the foundation payment shall be calculated based on the most recent payment received by the local educational based on its former com-mon status.’’; 
(5) in subsection (h)— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (C)(ii), by striking ‘‘sec-
tion 8014(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 3(d)(1)’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘section 
8014(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 3(d)(1)’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘Impact Aid 
Improvement Act of 2012’’ and inserting ‘‘Stu-dent Success Act’’; 
(6) by repealing subsections (k) and (m); (7) by redesignating subsection (l) as sub-
section (j); 
(8) by amending subsection (j) (as so redesig-
nated) by striking ‘‘(h)(4)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘(h)(2)’’; and 
(9) by redesignating subsection (n) as sub-
section (k). 
SEC. 403. PAYMENTS FOR ELIGIBLE FEDERALLY 
CONNECTED CHILDREN. 
(a) C OMPUTATION OF PAYMENT .—Section 
8003(a) (20 U.S.C. 7703(a)) is amended— 
(1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) 
of paragraph (1), by inserting after ‘‘schools of such agency’’ the following: ‘‘(including those children enrolled in such agency as a result of the open enrollment policy of the State in which the agency is located, but not including children who are enrolled in a distance education pro-gram at such agency and who are not residing within the geographic boundaries of such agen-cy)’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (5)(A), by striking ‘‘1984’’ 
and all that follows through ‘‘situated’’ and in-serting ‘‘1984, or under lease of off-base property under subchapter IV of chapter 169 of title 10, United States Code, to be children described under paragraph (1)(B) if the property described is within the fenced security perimeter of the military facility or attached to and under any type of force protection agreement with the mili-tary installation upon which such housing is situated’’. 
(b) B
ASIC SUPPORT PAYMENTS FOR HEAVILY  
IMPACTED LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES .—Sec-
tion 8003(b) (20 U.S.C. 7703(b)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘section 8014(b)’’ each place it 
appears and inserting ‘‘section 3(d)(2)’’; 
(2) in paragraph (1), by repealing subpara-
graph (E); 
(3) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by striking ‘‘
CONTINUING ’’ in the heading; 
(ii) by amending clause (i) to read as follows: ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—A heavily impacted local 
educational agency is eligible to receive a basic support payment under subparagraph (A) with respect to a number of children determined under subsection (a)(1) if the agency— 
‘‘(I) is a local educational agency— ‘‘(aa) whose boundaries are the same as a 
Federal military installation or an island prop-erty designated by the Secretary of the Interior 
to be property that is held in trust by the Fed-eral Government; and 
‘‘(bb) that has no taxing authority; ‘‘(II) is a local educational agency that— ‘‘(aa) has an enrollment of children described 
in subsection (a)(1) that constitutes a percent-age of the total student enrollment of the agen-cy that is not less than 45 percent; 
‘‘(bb) has a per-pupil expenditure that is less 
than— 
‘‘(AA) for an agency that has a total student 
enrollment of 500 or more students, 125 percent of the average per-pupil expenditure of the State in which the agency is located; or 
‘‘(BB) for any agency that has a total student 
enrollment less than 500, 150 percent of the aver-age per-pupil expenditure of the State in which the agency is located or the average per-pupil expenditure of 3 or more comparable local edu-cational agencies in the State in which the agency is located; and 
‘‘(cc) is an agency that has a tax rate for gen-
eral fund purposes that is not less than 95 per-cent of the average tax rate for general fund purposes of comparable local educational agen-cies in the State; 
‘‘(III) is a local educational agency that— ‘‘(aa) has an enrollment of children described 
in subsection (a)(1) that constitutes a percent-age of the total student enrollment of the agen-cy that is not less than 20 percent; 
‘‘(bb) for the 3 fiscal years preceding the fiscal 
year for which the determination is made, the average enrollment of children who are not de-scribed in subsection (a)(1) and who are eligible for a free or reduced price lunch under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act constitutes a percentage of the total student en-rollment of the agency that is not less than 65 percent; and 
‘‘(cc) has a tax rate for general fund purposes 
which is not less than 125 percent of the average tax rate for general fund purposes for com-parable local educational agencies in the State; 
‘‘(IV) is a local educational agency that has a 
total student enrollment of not less than 25,000 students, of which— 
‘‘(aa) not less than 50 percent are children de-
scribed in subsection (a)(1); and 
‘‘(bb) not less than 5,500 of such children are 
children described in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of subsection (a)(1); or 
‘‘(V) is a local educational agency that— ‘‘(aa) has an enrollment of children described 
in subsection (a)(1) including, for purposes of determining eligibility, those children described in subparagraphs (F) and (G) of such sub-section, that is not less than 35 percent of the total student enrollment of the agency; and 
‘‘(bb) was eligible to receive assistance under 
subparagraph (A) for fiscal year 2001.’’; and 
(iii) in clause (ii)— (I) by striking ‘‘A heavily’’ and inserting the 
following: 
‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subclause (II), a 
heavily’’; and 
(II) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(II) L
OSS OF ELIGIBILITY DUE TO FALLING  
BELOW 95 PERCENT OF THE AVERAGE TAX RATE  
FOR GENERAL FUND PURPOSES .—In a case of a 
heavily impacted local educational agency that is eligible to receive a basic support payment under subparagraph (A), but that has had, for 2 consecutive fiscal years, a tax rate for general fund purposes that falls below 95 percent of the average tax rate for general fund purposes of comparable local educational agencies in the State, such agency shall be determined to be in-eligible under clause (i) and ineligible to receive a basic support payment under subparagraph (A) for each fiscal year succeeding such 2 con-secutive fiscal years for which the agency has such a tax rate for general fund purposes, and until the fiscal year for which the agency re-sumes such eligibility in accordance with clause (iii).’’; 
(B) by striking subparagraph (C); (C) by redesignating subparagraphs (D) 
through (H) as subparagraphs (C) through (G), respectively; 
(D) in subparagraph (C) (as so redesig-
nated)— 
(i) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
REGULAR ’’; 
(ii) by striking ‘‘Except as provided in sub-
paragraph (E)’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as pro-vided in subparagraph (D)’’; 
(iii) by amending subclause (I) of clause (ii) to 
read as follows: ‘‘ (I)(aa) For a local edu-cational agency with respect to which 35 percent or more of the total student enrollment of the schools of the agency are children described in subparagraph (D) or (E) (or a combination thereof) of subsection (a)(1), and that has an enrollment of children described in subpara-graph (A), (B), or (C) of such subsection equal to at least 10 percent of the agency’s total en-rollment, the Secretary shall calculate the weighted student units of those children de-scribed in subparagraph (D) or (E) of such sub-section by multiplying the number of such chil-dren by a factor of 0.55. 
‘‘(bb) Notwithstanding subitem (aa), a local 
educational agency that received a payment under this paragraph for fiscal year 2013 shall not be required to have an enrollment of chil-dren described in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) of subsection (a)(1) equal to at least 10 percent of the agency’s total enrollment.’’; and 
(iv) by amending subclause (III) of clause (ii) 
by striking ‘‘(B)(i)(II)(aa)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-paragraph (B)(i)(I)’’; 
(E) in subparagraph (D)(i)(II) (as so redesig-
nated), by striking ‘‘6,000’’ and inserting ‘‘5,500’’; 
(F) in subparagraph (E) (as so redesignated)— (i) by striking ‘‘Secretary’’ and all that fol-
lows through ‘‘shall use’’ and inserting ‘‘Sec-retary shall use’’; 
(ii) by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a period; 
and 
(iii) by striking clause (ii); (G) in subparagraph (F) (as so redesignated), 
by striking ‘‘subparagraph (C)(i)(II)(bb)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (B)(i)(II)(bb)(BB)’’; and 
(H) in subparagraph (G) (as so redesig-
nated)— 
(i) in clause (i)— (I) by striking ‘‘subparagraph (B), (C), (D), or 
(E)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (B), (C), or (D)’’; 
(II) by striking ‘‘by reason of’’ and inserting 
‘‘due to’’; 
(III) by inserting after ‘‘clause (iii)’’ the fol-
lowing ‘‘, or as the direct result of base realign-ment and closure or modularization as deter-mined by the Secretary of Defense and force structure change or force relocation’’; and 
(IV) by inserting before the period, the fol-
lowing: ‘‘or during such time as activities asso-ciated with base closure and realignment, modularization, force structure change, or force relocation are ongoing’’; and 
(ii) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘(D) or (E)’’ 
each place it appears and inserting ‘‘(C) or (D)’’; 
(4) in paragraph (3)— (A) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by amending clause (iii) to read as follows: ‘‘(iii) In the case of a local educational agency 
providing a free public education to students en-rolled in kindergarten through grade 12, but which enrolls students described in subpara-graphs (A), (B), and (D) of subsection (a)(1) only in grades 9 through 12, and which received a final payment in fiscal year 2009 calculated under this paragraph (as this paragraph was in effect on the day before the date of the enact-ment of the Student Success Act) for students in grades 9 through 12, the Secretary shall, in cal-culating the agency’s payment, consider only that portion of such agency’s total enrollment of students in grades 9 through 12 when calcu-lating the percentage under clause (i)(I) and only that portion of the total current expendi-tures attributed to the operation of grades 9 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.015 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1230 February 26, 2015 
through 12 in such agency when calculating the 
percentage under clause (i)(II).’’; and 
(ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(v) In the case of a local educational agency 
that is providing a program of distance edu-cation to children not residing within the geo-graphic boundaries of the agency, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(I) for purposes of the calculation under 
clause (i)(I), disregard such children from the total number of children in average daily at-tendance at the schools served by such agency; and 
‘‘(II) for purposes of the calculation under 
clause (i)(II), disregard any funds received for such children from the total current expendi-tures for such agency.’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘sub-
paragraph (D) or (E) of paragraph (2), as the case may be’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (2)(D)’’; 
(C) by amending subparagraph (D) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(D) R
ATABLE DISTRIBUTION .—For any fiscal 
year described in subparagraph (A) for which the sums available exceed the amount required to pay each local educational agency 100 per-cent of its threshold payment, the Secretary shall distribute the excess sums to each eligible local educational agency that has not received its full amount computed under paragraph (1) or (2) (as the case may be) by multiplying— 
‘‘(i) a percentage, the denominator of which is 
the difference between the full amount com-puted under paragraph (1) or (2) (as the case may be) for all local educational agencies and the amount of the threshold payment (as cal-culated under subparagraphs (B) and (C)) of all local educational agencies, and the numerator of which is the aggregate of the excess sums, by 
‘‘(ii) the difference between the full amount 
computed under paragraph (1) or (2) (as the case may be) for the agency and the amount of the threshold payment as calculated under sub-paragraphs (B) and (C) of the agency.’’; and 
(D) by inserting at the end the following new 
subparagraphs: 
‘‘(E) I
NSUFFICIENT PAYMENTS .—For each fiscal 
year described in subparagraph (A) for which the sums appropriated under section 3(d)(2) are insufficient to pay each local educational agen-cy all of the local educational agency’s thresh-old payment described in subparagraph (D), the Secretary shall ratably reduce the payment to each local educational agency under this para-graph. 
‘‘(F) I
NCREASES .—If the sums appropriated 
under section 3(d)(2) are sufficient to increase the threshold payment above the 100 percent threshold payment described in subparagraph (D), then the Secretary shall increase payments on the same basis as such payments were re-duced, except no local educational agency may receive a payment amount greater than 100 per-cent of the maximum payment calculated under this subsection.’’; and 
(5) in paragraph (4)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘through 
(D)’’ and inserting ‘‘and (C)’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘sub-
paragraph (D) or (E)’’ and inserting ‘‘subpara-graph (C) or (D)’’. 
(c) P
RIOR YEARDATA.—Paragraph (2) of sec-
tion 8003(c) (20 U.S.C. 7703(c)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—Calculation of payments for 
a local educational agency shall be based on data from the fiscal year for which the agency is making an application for payment if such agency— 
‘‘(A) is newly established by a State, for the 
first year of operation of such agency only; 
‘‘(B) was eligible to receive a payment under 
this section for the previous fiscal year and has had an overall increase in enrollment (as deter-mined by the Secretary in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of the Inte-rior, or the heads of other Federal agencies)— 
‘‘(i) of not less than 10 percent, or 100 stu-
dents, of children described in— ‘‘(I) subparagraph (A), (B), (C), or (D) of sub-
section (a)(1); or 
‘‘(II) subparagraphs (F) and (G) of subsection 
(a)(1), but only to the extent such children are civilian dependents of employees of the Depart-ment of Defense or the Department of the Inte-rior; and 
‘‘(ii) that is the direct result of closure or re-
alignment of military installations under the base closure process or the relocation of members of the Armed Forces and civilian employees of the Department of Defense as part of the force structure changes or movements of units or per-sonnel between military installations or because of actions initiated by the Secretary of the Inte-rior or the head of another Federal agency; or 
‘‘(C) was eligible to receive a payment under 
this section for the previous fiscal year and has had an increase in enrollment (as determined by the Secretary)— 
‘‘(i) of not less than 10 percent of children de-
scribed in subsection (a)(1) or not less than 100 of such children; and 
‘‘(ii) that is the direct result of the closure of 
a local educational agency that received a pay-ment under subsection (b)(1) or (b)(2) in the pre-vious fiscal year.’’. 
(d) C
HILDREN WITH DISABILITIES .—Section 
8003(d)(1) (20 U.S.C. 7703(d)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 8014(c)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 3(d)(3)’’. 
(e) H
OLD HARMLESS .—Section 8003(e) (20 
U.S.C. 7703(e)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(e) H OLDHARMLESS .—The maximum amount 
that a local educational agency is eligible to re-ceive, as calculated under paragraph (1)(C), (2)(C), or (2)(D) of subsection (b), shall not be less than 90 percent of the calculated maximum amount that was used to determine the local educational agency’s payment for subsection (b)(1) or (b)(2) in the previous fiscal year for a period not to exceed 3 consecutive fiscal years, if such agency meets the eligibility requirements of paragraph (1)(B) or (2)(B) of subsection (b).’’. 
(f) M
AINTENANCE OF EFFORT .—Section 8003 (20 
U.S.C. 7703) is amended by striking subsection (g). 
SEC. 404. POLICIES AND PROCEDURES RELATING 
TO CHILDREN RESIDING ON INDIAN LANDS. 
Section 8004(e)(9) is amended by striking ‘‘Bu-
reau of Indian Affairs’’ both places such term appears and inserting ‘‘Bureau of Indian Edu-cation’’. 
SEC. 405. APPLICATION FOR PAYMENTS UNDER 
SECTIONS 8002 AND 8003. 
Section 8005(b) (20 U.S.C. 7705(b)) is amended 
in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by strik-ing ‘‘and shall contain such information,’’. 
SEC. 406. CONSTRUCTION. 
Section 8007 (20 U.S.C. 7707) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘section 
8014(e)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 3(d)(4)’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2), by adding at the end the 
following: 
‘‘(C) The agency is eligible under section 
4003(b)(2) or is receiving basic support payments under circumstances described in section 4003(b)(2)(B)(ii).’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘section 
8014(e)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘section 3(d)(4)’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘section 
8014(e)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 3(d)(4)’’; 
(B) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (C)(i)(I), by adding at the 
end the following: 
‘‘(cc) At least 10 percent of the property in the 
agency is exempt from State and local taxation under Federal law.’’; and 
(ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) L
IMITATIONS ON ELIGIBILITY REQUIRE -
MENTS .—The Secretary shall not limit eligi-
bility— 
‘‘(i) under subparagraph (C)(i)(I)(aa), to those 
local educational agencies in which the number of children determined under section 
4003(a)(1)(C) for each such agency for the pre-ceding school year constituted more than 40 per-cent of the total student enrollment in the schools of each such agency during the pre-ceding school year; and 
‘‘(ii) under subparagraph (C)(i)(I)(cc), to 
those local educational agencies in which more than 10 percent of the property in each such agency is exempt from State and local taxation under Federal law.’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (6)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), 
by striking ‘‘in such manner, and accompanied by such information’’ and inserting ‘‘and in such manner’’; and 
(ii) by striking subparagraph (F). 
SEC. 407. FACILITIES. 
Section 8008 (20 U.S.C. 7708) is amended in 
subsection (a), by striking ‘‘section 8014(f)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 3(d)(5)’’. 
SEC. 408. STATE CONSIDERATION OF PAYMENTS 
PROVIDING STATE AID. 
Section 8009(c)(1)(B) (20 U.S.C. 7709(c)(1)(B)) 
is amended by striking ‘‘and contain the infor-mation’’. 
SEC. 409. FEDERAL ADMINISTRATION. 
Section 8010(d)(2) (20 U.S.C. 7710(d)(2)) is 
amended, by striking ‘‘section 8014’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 3(d)’’. 
SEC. 410. ADMINISTRATIVE HEARINGS AND JUDI-
CIAL REVIEW. 
Section 8011(a) (20 U.S.C. 7711(a)) is amended 
by striking ‘‘or under the Act’’ and all that fol-lows through ‘‘1994)’’. 
SEC. 411. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 8013 (20 U.S.C. 7713) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and Marine 
Corps’’ and inserting ‘‘Marine Corps, and Coast Guard’’; 
(2) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘and title 
VI’’; 
(3) in paragraph (5)(A)(iii)— (A) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘Stewart B. 
McKinney Homeless Assistance Act’’ and insert-ing ‘‘McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11411)’’; and 
(B) in subclause (III), by inserting before the 
semicolon ‘‘(25 U.S.C. 4101 et seq.)’’; and 
(4) in paragraph (8)(A), by striking ‘‘and 
verified by’’ and inserting ‘‘, and verified by,’’. 
SEC. 412. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Section 8014 (20 U.S.C. 7801) is repealed. 
SEC. 413. CONFORMING AMENDMENTS. 
(a) I MPACT AIDIMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2012.— 
Section 563(c) of National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112– 239; 126 Stat. 1748; 20 U.S.C. 6301 note) (also known as the ‘‘Impact Aid Improvement Act of 2012’’), as amended by section 563 of division A of Public Law 113–291, is amended— 
(1) by striking paragraphs (1) and (4); and (2) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3), as 
paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively. 
(b) R
EPEALS .— 
(1) T ITLE IV .—Title IV (20 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), 
as amended by section 601(b)(2) of this Act, is repealed. 
(2) PL 
113–76.—Section 309 of division H of the 
Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2014 (Public Law 113–76; 20 U.S.C. 7702 note) is repealed. 
(c) T
RANSFER AND REDESIGNATION .—Title VIII 
(20 U.S.C. 7701 et seq.), as amended by this title, is redesignated as title IV (20 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), and transferred and inserted after title III (as amended by this Act). 
(d) T
ITLE VIII R EFERENCES .—The Act (20 
U.S.C. 6301 et seq.), as amended by this Act, is amended— 
(1) by redesignating sections 8001 through 8005 
as sections 4001 through 4005, respectively; 
(2) by redesignating sections 8007 through 8013 
as sections 4007 through 4013, respectively; 
(3) by striking ‘‘section 8002’’ each place it ap-
pears and inserting ‘‘section 4002’’; 
(4) by striking ‘‘section 8002(b)’’ each place it 
appears and inserting ‘‘section 4002(b)’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.015 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1231 February 26, 2015 
(5) by striking ‘‘section 8003’’ each place it ap-
pears and inserting ‘‘section 4003’’, respectively; 
(6) by striking ‘‘section 8003(a)’’ each place it 
appears and inserting ‘‘section 4003(a)’’; 
(7) by striking ‘‘section 8003(a)(1)’’ each place 
it appears and inserting ‘‘section 4003(a)(1)’’; 
(8) by striking ‘‘section 8003(a)(1)(C)’’ each 
place it appears and inserting ‘‘section 4003(a)(1)(C)’’; 
(9) by striking ‘‘section 8002(a)(2)’’ each place 
it appears and inserting ‘‘section 4002(a)(2)’’; 
(10) by striking ‘‘section 8003(b)’’ each place it 
appears and inserting ‘‘section 4003(b)’’; 
(11) by striking ‘‘section 8003(b)(1)’’ each place 
it appears and inserting ‘‘section 4003(b)(1)’’; 
(12) in section 4002(b)(1)(C) (as so redesig-
nated), by striking ‘‘section 8003(b)(1)(C)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 4003(b)(1)(C)’’; 
(13) in section 4002(k)(1) (as so redesignated), 
by striking ‘‘section 8013(5)(C)(iii)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 4013(5)(C)(iii)’’; 
(14) in section 4005 (as so redesignated)— (A) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘ 8002 
AND 8003’’ and inserting ‘‘ 4002 AND 4003’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘or 8003’’ each place it appears 
and inserting ‘‘or 4003’’; 
(C) in subsection (b)(2), by striking ‘‘section 
8004’’ and inserting ‘‘section 4004’’; and 
(D) in subsection (d)(2), by striking ‘‘section 
8003(e)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 4003(e)’’; 
(15) in the second subclause (II) of section 
4007(a)(3)(A)(i) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘section 8008(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 4008(a)’’; 
(16) in section 4007(a)(4) (as so redesignated), 
by striking ‘‘section 8013(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 4013(3)’’; 
(17) in section 4009 (as so redesignated)— (A) in subsection (b)(1)— (i) by striking ‘‘or 8003(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘or 
4003(b)’’; 
(ii) by striking ‘‘section 8003(a)(2)(B)’’ and in-
serting ‘‘section 4003(a)(2)(B)’’; and 
(iii) by striking ‘‘section 8003(b)(2)’’ each place 
it appears and inserting ‘‘section 4003(b)(2)’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘section 8011(a)’’ each place it 
appears and inserting ‘‘section 4011(a)’’; and 
(18) in section 4010(c)(2)(D) (as so redesig-
nated) by striking ‘‘section 8009(b)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 4009(b)’’. 
TITLE V—THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT’S 
TRUST RESPONSIBILITY TO AMERICAN INDIAN, ALASKA NATIVE, AND NATIVE HAWAIIAN EDUCATION 
SEC. 501. THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT’S TRUST 
RESPONSIBILITY TO AMERICAN IN-DIAN, ALASKA NATIVE, AND NATIVE HAWAIIAN EDUCATION. 
Title V of the Act (20 U.S.C. 7201 et seq.) is 
amended to read as follows: 
‘‘TITLE V—THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT’S 
TRUST RESPONSIBILITY TO AMERICAN INDIAN, ALASKA NATIVE, AND NATIVE HAWAIIAN EDUCATION 
‘‘PART A—INDIAN EDUCATION 
‘‘SEC. 5101. STATEMENT OF POLICY. 
‘‘It is the policy of the United States to fulfill 
the Federal Government’s unique and con-tinuing trust relationship with, and responsi-bility to, the Indian people for the education of Indian children. The Federal Government will continue to work with local educational agen-cies, Indian tribes and organizations, postsec-ondary institutions, and other entities toward the goal of ensuring that programs that serve Indian children are of the highest quality and provide for not only the basic elementary and secondary educational needs, but also the unique educational and culturally related aca-demic needs of these children. 
‘‘SEC. 5102. PURPOSE. 
‘‘It is the purpose of this part to support the 
efforts of local educational agencies, Indian tribes and organizations, postsecondary institu-tions, and other entities— ‘‘(1) to meet the unique educational and cul-
turally related academic needs of American In-dian and Alaska Native students, so that such students can meet State student academic achievement standards; 
‘‘(2) to ensure that Indian and Alaskan Na-
tive students gain knowledge and under-standing of Native communities, languages, trib-al histories, traditions, and cultures; and 
‘‘(3) to ensure that school leaders, teachers, 
and other staff who serve Indian and Alaska Native students have the ability to provide cul-turally appropriate and effective instruction to such students. 
‘‘Subpart 1—Formula Grants to Local 
Educational Agencies 
‘‘SEC. 5111. PURPOSE. 
‘‘It is the purpose of this subpart to support 
the efforts of local educational agencies, Indian tribes and organizations, and other entities to improve the academic achievement of American Indian and Alaska Native students by providing for their unique cultural, language, and edu-cational needs and ensuring that they are pre-pared to meet State academic standards. 
‘‘SEC. 5112. GRANTS TO LOCAL EDUCATIONAL 
AGENCIES AND TRIBES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In accordance with this 
section and section 5113, the Secretary may make grants from allocations made under sec-tion 5113, to— 
‘‘(1) local educational agencies; ‘‘(2) Indian tribes; ‘‘(3) Indian organizations; and ‘‘(4) Alaska Native Organizations. ‘‘(b) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES .— 
‘‘(1) E NROLLMENT REQUIREMENTS .—A local 
educational agency shall be eligible for a grant under this subpart for any fiscal year if the number of Indian children eligible under section 5117 who were enrolled in the schools of the agency, and to whom the agency provided free public education, during the preceding fiscal year— 
‘‘(A) was at least 10; or ‘‘(B) constituted not less than 25 percent of 
the total number of individuals enrolled in the schools of such agency. 
‘‘(2) E
XCLUSION .—The requirement of para-
graph (1) shall not apply in Alaska, California, or Oklahoma, or with respect to any local edu-cational agency located on, or in proximity to, an Indian reservation. 
‘‘(c) I
NDIAN TRIBES , INDIAN ORGANIZATIONS , 
ALASKA NATIVE ORGANIZATIONS , AND CON-
SORTIA .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—If a local educational agen-
cy that is otherwise eligible for a grant under this subpart does not establish a committee under section 5114(c)(5) for such grant, an In-dian tribe, Indian organization, Alaska Native Organization, or consortium of such entities that represents not less than one-third of the el-igible Indian or Alaska Native children who are served by such local educational agency may apply for such grant. 
‘‘(2) S
PECIAL RULE .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall treat 
each Indian tribe, Indian organization, Alaska Native Organization, or consortium of such enti-ties applying for a grant pursuant to paragraph (1) as if such applicant were a local educational agency for purposes of this subpart. 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTIONS .—Notwithstanding subpara-
graph (A), such Indian tribe, Indian organiza-tion, Alaska Native Organization, or consortium of such entities shall not be subject to the re-quirements of section 5114(c)(5) or 5119. 
‘‘(3) E
LIGIBILITY .—If more than 1 applicant 
qualifies to apply for a grant under paragraph (1), the entity that represents the most eligible Indian and Alaska Native children who are served by the local educational agency shall be eligible to receive the grant or the applicants may apply in consortium and jointly operate a program. 
‘‘(d) I
NDIAN AND ALASKA NATIVE COMMUNITY - 
BASED ORGANIZATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—If no local educational 
agency pursuant to subsection (b), and no In-dian tribe, tribal organization, Alaska Native Organization, or consortium pursuant to sub-section (c), applies for a grant under this sub-part, Indian and Alaska Native community- based organizations serving the community of the local educational agency may apply for the grant. 
‘‘(2) A
PPLICABILITY OF SPECIAL RULE .—The 
Secretary shall apply the special rule in sub-section (c)(2) to a community-based organiza-tion applying or receiving a grant under para-graph (1) in the same manner as such rule ap-plies to an Indian tribe, Indian organization, Alaska Native Organization, or consortium. 
‘‘(3) D
EFINITION OF INDIAN AND ALASKA NATIVE  
COMMUNITY -BASED ORGANIZATIONS .—In this sub-
section, the term ‘Indian and Alaska Native community-based organizations’ means any or-ganizations that— 
‘‘(A) are composed primarily of the family 
members of Indian or Alaska Native students, Indian or Alaska Native community members, tribal government education officials, and tribal members from a specific community; 
‘‘(B) assist in the social, cultural, and edu-
cational development of Indians or Alaska Na-tives in such community; 
‘‘(C) meet the unique cultural, language, and 
academic needs of Indian or Alaska Native stu-dents; and 
‘‘(D) demonstrate organizational and adminis-
trative capacity to effectively manage the grant. 
‘‘SEC. 5113. AMOUNT OF GRANTS. 
‘‘(a) A MOUNT OF GRANT AWARDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-
section (b) and paragraph (2), the Secretary shall allocate to each local educational agency that has an approved application under this subpart an amount equal to the product of— 
‘‘(A) the number of Indian children who are 
eligible under section 5117 and served by such agency; and 
‘‘(B) the greater of— ‘‘(i) the average per pupil expenditure of the 
State in which such agency is located; or 
‘‘(ii) 80 percent of the average per pupil ex-
penditure of all the States. 
‘‘(2) R
EDUCTION .—The Secretary shall reduce 
the amount of each allocation otherwise deter-mined under this section in accordance with subsection (e). 
‘‘(b) M
INIMUM GRANT.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding subsection 
(e), an entity that is eligible for a grant under section 5112, and a school that is operated or supported by the Bureau of Indian Education that is eligible for a grant under subsection (d), that submits an application that is approved by the Secretary, shall, subject to appropriations, receive a grant under this subpart in an amount that is not less than $3,000. 
‘‘(2) C
ONSORTIA .—Local educational agencies 
may form a consortium for the purpose of ob-taining grants under this subpart. 
‘‘(3) I
NCREASE .—The Secretary may increase 
the minimum grant under paragraph (1) to not more than $4,000 for all grantees if the Secretary determines such increase is necessary to ensure the quality of the programs provided. 
‘‘(c) D
EFINITION .—For the purpose of this sec-
tion, the term ‘average per pupil expenditure’, used with respect to a State, means an amount equal to— 
‘‘(1) the sum of the aggregate current expendi-
tures of all the local educational agencies in the State, plus any direct current expenditures by the State for the operation of such agencies, without regard to the sources of funds from which such local or State expenditures were made, during the second fiscal year preceding the fiscal year for which the computation is made; divided by 
‘‘(2) the aggregate number of children who 
were included in average daily attendance for whom such agencies provided free public edu-cation during such preceding fiscal year. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.015 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1232 February 26, 2015 
‘‘(d) S CHOOLS OPERATED OR SUPPORTED BY  
THEBUREAU OF INDIAN EDUCATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subsection (e), in 
addition to the grants awarded under subsection (a), the Secretary shall allocate to the Secretary of the Interior an amount equal to the product of— 
‘‘(A) the total number of Indian children en-
rolled in schools that are operated by— 
‘‘(i) the Bureau of Indian Education; or ‘‘(ii) an Indian tribe, or an organization con-
trolled or sanctioned by an Indian tribal govern-ment, for the children of that tribe under a con-tract with, or grant from, the Department of the Interior under the Indian Self-Determination Act or the Tribally Controlled Schools Act of 1988; and 
‘‘(B) the greater of— ‘‘(i) the average per pupil expenditure of the 
State in which the school is located; or 
‘‘(ii) 80 percent of the average per pupil ex-
penditure of all the States. 
‘‘(2) S
PECIAL RULE .—Any school described in 
paragraph (1)(A) that wishes to receive an allo-cation under this subpart shall submit an appli-cation in accordance with section 5114, and shall otherwise be treated as a local educational agency for the purpose of this subpart, except that such school shall not be subject to section 5114(c)(5) or section 5119. 
‘‘(e) R
ATABLE REDUCTIONS .—If the sums ap-
propriated for any fiscal year to carry out this subpart are insufficient to pay in full the amounts determined for local educational agen-cies under subsection (a)(1) and for the Sec-retary of the Interior under subsection (d), each of those amounts shall be ratably reduced. 
‘‘SEC. 5114. APPLICATIONS. 
‘‘(a) A PPLICATION REQUIRED .—Each local edu-
cational agency that desires to receive a grant under this subpart shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Sec-retary may reasonably require. 
‘‘(b) C
OMPREHENSIVE PROGRAM REQUIRED .— 
Each application submitted under subsection (a) shall include a description of a comprehensive program for meeting the needs of Indian and Alaska Native children served by the local edu-cational agency, including the language and cultural needs of the children, that— 
‘‘(1) describes how the comprehensive program 
will offer programs and activities to meet the culturally related academic needs of American Indian and Alaska Native students; 
‘‘(2)(A) is consistent with the State, tribal, 
and local plans submitted under other provi-sions of this Act; and 
‘‘(B) includes academic content and student 
academic achievement goals for such children, and benchmarks for attaining such goals, that are based on State academic content and stu-dent academic achievement standards adopted under title I for all children; 
‘‘(3) explains how the local educational agen-
cy will use the funds made available under this subpart to supplement other Federal, State, and local programs that serve such students; 
‘‘(4) demonstrates how funds made available 
under this subpart will be used for activities de-scribed in section 5115; 
‘‘(5) describes the professional development 
opportunities that will be provided, as needed, to ensure that— 
‘‘(A) teachers and other school professionals 
who are new to the Indian or Alaska Native community are prepared to work with Indian and Alaska Native children; 
‘‘(B) all teachers who will be involved in pro-
grams assisted under this subpart have been properly trained to carry out such programs; and 
‘‘(C) those family members of Indian and 
Alaska Native children and representatives of tribes who are on the committee described in (c)(5) will participate in the planning of profes-sional development materials; ‘‘(6) describes how the local educational agen-
cy— 
‘‘(A) will periodically assess the progress of all 
Indian children enrolled in the schools of the local educational agency, including Indian chil-dren who do not participate in programs as-sisted under this subpart, in meeting the goals described in paragraph (2); 
‘‘(B) will provide the results of each assess-
ment referred to in subparagraph (A) to— 
‘‘(i) the committee described in subsection 
(c)(5); 
‘‘(ii) the community served by the local edu-
cational agency; and 
‘‘(iii) the tribes whose children are served by 
the local educational agency; and 
‘‘(C) is responding to findings of any previous 
assessments that are similar to the assessments described in subparagraph (A); and 
‘‘(7) explicitly delineates— ‘‘(A) a formal, collaborative process that the 
local educational agency used to directly in-volve tribes, Indian organizations, or Alaska Native Organizations in the development of the comprehensive programs and the results of such process; and 
‘‘(B) how the local educational agency plans 
to ensure that tribes, Indian organizations, or Alaska Native Organizations will play an ac-tive, meaningful, and ongoing role in the func-tioning of the comprehensive programs. 
‘‘(c) A
SSURANCES .—Each application sub-
mitted under subsection (a) shall include assur-ances that— 
‘‘(1) the local educational agency will use 
funds received under this subpart only to sup-plement the funds that, in the absence of the Federal funds made available under this sub-part, such agency would make available for services described in this subsection, and not to supplant such funds; 
‘‘(2) the local educational agency will use 
funds received under this subpart only for ac-tivities described and authorized under this sub-part; 
‘‘(3) the local educational agency will prepare 
and submit to the Secretary such reports, in such form and containing such information, as the Secretary may require to— 
‘‘(A) carry out the functions of the Secretary 
under this subpart; 
‘‘(B) determine the extent to which activities 
carried out with funds provided to the local educational agency under this subpart are effec-tive in improving the educational achievement of Indian and Alaska Native students served by such agency; and 
‘‘(C) determine the extent to which such ac-
tivities address the unique cultural, language, and educational needs of Indian students; 
‘‘(4) the program for which assistance is 
sought— 
‘‘(A) is based on a comprehensive local assess-
ment and prioritization of the unique edu-cational and culturally related academic needs of the American Indian and Alaska Native stu-dents for whom the local educational agency is providing an education; 
‘‘(B) will use the best available talents and re-
sources, including individuals from the Indian or Alaska Native community; and 
‘‘(C) was developed by such agency in open 
consultation with the families of Indian or Alas-ka Native children, Indian or Alaska Native teachers, Indian or Alaska Native students from secondary schools, and representatives of tribes, Indian organizations, or Alaska Native Organi-zations in the community including through public hearings held by such agency to provide to the individuals described in this subpara-graph a full opportunity to understand the pro-gram and to offer recommendations regarding the program; 
‘‘(5) the local educational agency developed 
the program with the participation and written approval of a committee— 
‘‘(A) that is composed of, and selected by— ‘‘(i) family members of Indian and Alaska Na-
tive children that are attending the local edu-cational agency’s schools; ‘‘(ii) teachers in the schools; and 
‘‘(iii) Indian and Alaska Native students at-
tending secondary schools of the agency; 
‘‘(B) a majority of whose members are family 
members of Indian and Alaska Native children that are attending the local educational agen-cy’s schools; 
‘‘(C) that has set forth such policies and pro-
cedures, including policies and procedures relat-ing to the hiring of personnel, as will ensure that the program for which assistance is sought will be operated and evaluated in consultation with, and with the involvement of, parents of the children, and representatives of the area, to be served; 
‘‘(D) with respect to an application describing 
a schoolwide program in accordance with sec-tion 5115(c), that has— 
‘‘(i) reviewed in a timely fashion the program; ‘‘(ii) determined that the program will not di-
minish the availability of culturally related ac-tivities for American Indian and Alaska Native students; and 
‘‘(iii) will directly enhance the educational ex-
perience of American Indian and Alaska Native students; and 
‘‘(E) that has adopted reasonable bylaws for 
the conduct of the activities of the committee and abides by such bylaws; and 
‘‘(6) the local educational agency conducted 
adequate outreach to family members to meet the requirements under subsection (c)(5). 
‘‘SEC. 5115. AUTHORIZED SERVICES AND ACTIVI-
TIES. 
‘‘(a) G ENERAL REQUIREMENTS .—Each local 
educational agency that receives a grant under this subpart shall use the grant funds, in a manner consistent with the purpose specified in section 5111, for services and activities that— 
‘‘(1) are designed to carry out the comprehen-
sive program of the local educational agency for Indian students, and described in the applica-tion of the local educational agency submitted to the Secretary under section 5114(a) solely for the services and activities described in such ap-plication; 
‘‘(2) are designed with special regard for the 
language and cultural needs of the Indian stu-dents; and 
‘‘(3) supplement and enrich the regular school 
program of such agency. 
‘‘(b) P
ARTICULAR ACTIVITIES .—The services 
and activities referred to in subsection (a) may include— 
‘‘(1) activities that support Native American 
language immersion programs and Native Amer-ican language restoration programs, which may be taught by traditional leaders; 
‘‘(2) culturally related activities that support 
the program described in the application sub-mitted by the local educational agency; 
‘‘(3) early childhood and family programs that 
emphasize school readiness; 
‘‘(4) enrichment programs that focus on prob-
lem solving and cognitive skills development and directly support the attainment of challenging State academic content and student academic achievement standards; 
‘‘(5) integrated educational services in com-
bination with other programs including pro-grams that enhance student achievement by promoting increased involvement of parents and families in school activities; 
‘‘(6) career preparation activities to enable In-
dian students to participate in programs such as the programs supported by the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Improvement Act of 2006, including programs for tech-prep education, mentoring, and apprenticeship; 
‘‘(7) activities to educate individuals so as to 
prevent violence, suicide, and substance abuse; 
‘‘(8) the acquisition of equipment, but only if 
the acquisition of the equipment is essential to achieve the purpose described in section 5111; 
‘‘(9) activities that promote the incorporation 
of culturally responsive teaching and learning strategies into the educational program of the local educational agency; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.015 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1233 February 26, 2015 
‘‘(10) activities that incorporate culturally 
and linguistically relevant curriculum content into classroom instruction that is responsive to the unique learning styles of Indian and Alaska Native children and ensures that children are better able to meet State standards; 
‘‘(11) family literacy services; ‘‘(12) activities that recognize and support the 
unique cultural and educational needs of In-dian children, and incorporate appropriately qualified tribal elders and seniors; 
‘‘(13) dropout prevention strategies for Indian 
and Alaska Native students; and 
‘‘(14) strategies to meet the educational needs 
of at-risk Indian students in correctional facili-ties, including such strategies that support In-dian and Alaska Native students who are transitioning from such facilities to schools served by local educational agencies. 
‘‘(c) S
CHOOLWIDE PROGRAMS .—Notwith-
standing any other provision of law, a local educational agency may use funds made avail-able to such agency under this subpart to sup-port a schoolwide program under section 1114 if— 
‘‘(1) the committee established pursuant to 
section 5114(c)(5) approves the use of the funds for the schoolwide program; 
‘‘(2) the schoolwide program is consistent with 
the purpose described in section 5111; and 
‘‘(3) the local educational agency identifies in 
its application how the use of such funds in a schoolwide program will produce benefits to the American Indian and Alaska Native students that would not be achieved if the funds were not used in a schoolwide program. 
‘‘(d) L
IMITATION ON ADMINISTRATIVE COSTS.— 
Not more than 5 percent of the funds provided to a grantee under this subpart for any fiscal year may be used for administrative purposes. 
‘‘(e) L
IMITATION ON THE USE OF FUNDS.— 
Funds provided to a grantee under this subpart may not be used for long-distance travel ex-penses for training activities available locally or regionally. 
‘‘SEC. 5116. INTEGRATION OF SERVICES AUTHOR-
IZED. 
‘‘(a) P LAN.—An entity receiving funds under 
this subpart may submit a plan to the Secretary for the integration of education and related services provided to Indian students. 
‘‘(b) C
ONSOLIDATION OF PROGRAMS .—Upon the 
receipt of an acceptable plan under subsection (a), the Secretary, in cooperation with each Federal agency providing grants for the provi-sion of education and related services to the en-tity, shall authorize the entity to consolidate, in accordance with such plan, the federally funded education and related services programs of the entity and the Federal programs, or portions of the programs, serving Indian students in a man-ner that integrates the program services in-volved into a single, coordinated, comprehensive program and reduces administrative costs by consolidating administrative functions. 
‘‘(c) P
ROGRAMS AFFECTED .—The funds that 
may be consolidated in a demonstration project under any such plan referred to in subsection (a) shall include funds for any Federal program exclusively serving Indian children, or the funds reserved under any Federal program to exclu-sively serve Indian children, under which the entity is eligible for receipt of funds under a statutory or administrative formula for the pur-poses of providing education and related serv-ices that would be used to serve Indian stu-dents. 
‘‘(d) P
LANREQUIREMENTS .—For a plan to be 
acceptable pursuant to subsection (b), the plan shall— 
‘‘(1) identify the programs or funding sources 
to be consolidated; 
‘‘(2) be consistent with the objectives of this 
section concerning authorizing the services to be integrated in a demonstration project; 
‘‘(3) describe a comprehensive strategy that 
identifies the full range of potential educational opportunities and related services to be provided to assist Indian students to achieve the objec-
tives set forth in this subpart; 
‘‘(4) describe the way in which services are to 
be integrated and delivered and the results ex-pected from the plan; 
‘‘(5) identify the projected expenditures under 
the plan in a single budget; 
‘‘(6) identify the State, tribal, or local agency 
or agencies to be involved in the delivery of the services integrated under the plan; 
‘‘(7) identify any statutory provisions, regula-
tions, policies, or procedures that the entity be-lieves need to be waived in order to implement the plan; 
‘‘(8) set forth measures for academic content 
and student academic achievement goals de-signed to be met within a specific period of time; and 
‘‘(9) be approved by a committee formed in ac-
cordance with section 5114(c)(5), if such a com-mittee exists. 
‘‘(e) P
LANREVIEW .—Upon receipt of the plan 
from an eligible entity, the Secretary shall con-sult with the Secretary of each Federal depart-ment providing funds to be used to implement the plan, and with the entity submitting the plan. The parties so consulting shall identify any waivers of statutory requirements or of Fed-eral departmental regulations, policies, or proce-dures necessary to enable the entity to imple-ment the plan. Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law, the Secretary of the affected de-partment shall have the authority to waive any regulation, policy, or procedure promulgated by that department that has been so identified by the entity or department, unless the Secretary of the affected department determines that such a waiver is inconsistent with the objectives of this subpart or those provisions of the statute from which the program involved derives authority that are specifically applicable to Indian stu-dents. 
‘‘(f) P
LANAPPROVAL .—Within 90 days after 
the receipt of an entity’s plan by the Secretary, the Secretary shall inform the entity, in writing, of the Secretary’s approval or disapproval of the plan. If the plan is disapproved, the entity shall be informed, in writing, of the reasons for the disapproval and shall be given an opportunity to amend the plan or to petition the Secretary to reconsider such disapproval. 
‘‘(g) R
ESPONSIBILITIES OF DEPARTMENT OF  
EDUCATION .—Not later than 180 days after the 
date of the enactment of the Student Success Act, the Secretary of Education, the Secretary of the Interior, the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services, and the head of any other Federal department or agency identi-fied by the Secretary of Education, shall enter into an interdepartmental memorandum of agreement providing for the implementation and coordination of the demonstration projects au-thorized under this section. The lead agency head for a demonstration project under this sec-tion shall be— 
‘‘(1) the Secretary of the Interior, in the case 
of an entity meeting the definition of a contract or grant school under title XI of the Education Amendments of 1978; or 
‘‘(2) the Secretary of Education, in the case of 
any other entity. 
‘‘(h) R
ESPONSIBILITIES OF LEADAGENCY .—The 
responsibilities of the lead agency shall in-clude— 
‘‘(1) the use of a single report format related 
to the plan for the individual project, which shall be used by an eligible entity to report on the activities undertaken under the project; 
‘‘(2) the use of a single report format related 
to the projected expenditures for the individual project which shall be used by an eligible entity to report on all project expenditures; 
‘‘(3) the development of a single system of 
Federal oversight for the project, which shall be implemented by the lead agency; and 
‘‘(4) the provision of technical assistance to 
an eligible entity appropriate to the project, ex-cept that an eligible entity shall have the au-thority to accept or reject the plan for providing 
such technical assistance and the technical as-sistance provider. 
‘‘(i) R
EPORT REQUIREMENTS .—A single report 
format shall be developed by the Secretary, con-sistent with the requirements of this section. Such report format shall require that reports de-scribed in subsection (h), together with records maintained on the consolidated program at the local level, shall contain such information as will allow a determination that the eligible enti-ty has complied with the requirements incor-porated in its approved plan, including making a demonstration of student academic achieve-ment, and will provide assurances to each Sec-retary that the eligible entity has complied with all directly applicable statutory requirements and with those directly applicable regulatory re-quirements that have not been waived. 
‘‘(j) N
OREDUCTION IN AMOUNTS .—In no case 
shall the amount of Federal funds available to an eligible entity involved in any demonstration project be reduced as a result of the enactment of this section. 
‘‘(k) I
NTERAGENCY FUNDTRANSFERS AUTHOR -
IZED.—The Secretary is authorized to take such 
action as may be necessary to provide for an interagency transfer of funds otherwise avail-able to an eligible entity in order to further the objectives of this section. 
‘‘(l) A
DMINISTRATION OF FUNDS.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Program funds for the con-
solidated programs shall be administered in such a manner as to allow for a determination that funds from a specific program are spent on al-lowable activities authorized under such pro-gram, except that the eligible entity shall deter-mine the proportion of the funds granted that shall be allocated to such program. 
‘‘(2) S
EPARATE RECORDS NOT REQUIRED .— 
Nothing in this section shall be construed as re-quiring the eligible entity to maintain separate records tracing any services or activities con-ducted under the approved plan to the indi-vidual programs under which funds were au-thorized for the services or activities, nor shall the eligible entity be required to allocate ex-penditures among such individual programs. 
‘‘(m) O
VERAGE .—The eligible entity may com-
mingle all administrative funds from the consoli-dated programs and shall be entitled to the full amount of such funds (under each program’s or agency’s regulations). The overage (defined as the difference between the amount of the com-mingled funds and the actual administrative cost of the programs) shall be considered to be properly spent for Federal audit purposes, if the overage is used for the purposes provided for under this section. 
‘‘(n) F
ISCAL ACCOUNTABILITY .—Nothing in 
this part shall be construed so as to interfere with the ability of the Secretary or the lead agency to fulfill the responsibilities for the safe-guarding of Federal funds pursuant to chapter 75 of title 31, United States Code. 
‘‘(o) R
EPORT ON STATUTORY OBSTACLES TO  
PROGRAM INTEGRATION .— 
‘‘(1) P RELIMINARY REPORT .—Not later than 2 
years after the date of the enactment of the Stu-dent Success Act, the Secretary of Education shall submit a preliminary report to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions and the Com-mittee on Indian Affairs of the Senate on the status of the implementation of the demonstra-tion projects authorized under this section. 
‘‘(2) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than 5 years 
after the date of the enactment of the Student Success Act, the Secretary of Education shall submit a report to the Committee on Education and the Workforce and the Committee on Nat-ural Resources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions and the Committee on In-dian Affairs of the Senate on the results of the implementation of the demonstration projects 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.015 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1234 February 26, 2015 
authorized under this section. Such report shall 
identify statutory barriers to the ability of par-ticipants to integrate more effectively their edu-cation and related services to Indian students in a manner consistent with the objectives of this section. 
‘‘(p) D
EFINITIONS .—For the purposes of this 
section, the term ‘Secretary’ means— 
‘‘(1) the Secretary of the Interior, in the case 
of an entity meeting the definition of a contract or grant school under title XI of the Education Amendments of 1978; or 
‘‘(2) the Secretary of Education, in the case of 
any other entity. 
‘‘SEC. 5117. STUDENT ELIGIBILITY FORMS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall require 
that, as part of an application for a grant under this subpart, each applicant shall maintain a file, with respect to each Indian child for whom the local educational agency provides a free public education, that contains a form that sets forth information establishing the status of the child as an Indian child eligible for assistance under this subpart, and that otherwise meets the requirements of subsection (b). 
‘‘(b) F
ORMS .—The form described in sub-
section (a) shall include— 
‘‘(1) either— ‘‘(A)(i) the name of the tribe or band of Indi-
ans (as defined in section 5151) with respect to which the child claims membership; 
‘‘(ii) the enrollment or membership number es-
tablishing the membership of the child (if read-ily available); and 
‘‘(iii) the name and address of the organiza-
tion that maintains updated and accurate mem-bership data for such tribe or band of Indians; or 
‘‘(B) the name, the enrollment or membership 
number (if readily available), and the name and address of the organization responsible for maintaining updated and accurate membership data, of any parent or grandparent of the child from whom the child claims eligibility under this subpart, if the child is not a member of the tribe or band of Indians (as so defined); 
‘‘(2) a statement of whether the tribe or band 
of Indians (as so defined), with respect to which the child, or parent or grandparent of the child, claims membership, is federally recognized; 
‘‘(3) the name and address of the parent or 
legal guardian of the child; 
‘‘(4) a signature of the parent or legal guard-
ian of the child that verifies the accuracy of the information supplied; 
‘‘(5) any other information that the Secretary 
considers necessary to provide an accurate pro-gram profile; and 
‘‘(6) all individual data collected will be pro-
tected by the local educational agencies and only aggregated data will be reported to the Sec-retary. 
‘‘(c) S
TATUTORY CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed to affect a defini-tion contained in section 5151. 
‘‘(d) D
OCUMENTATION AND TYPES OF PROOF .— 
‘‘(1) T YPES OF PROOF .—For purposes of deter-
mining whether a child is eligible to be counted for the purpose of computing the amount of a grant award under section 5113, the membership of the child, or any parent or grandparent of the child, in a tribe or band of Indians (as so defined) may be established by proof other than an enrollment number, notwithstanding the availability of an enrollment number for a mem-ber of such tribe or band. Nothing in subsection (b) shall be construed to require the furnishing of an enrollment number. 
‘‘(2) N
O NEW OR DUPLICATIVE DETERMINA -
TIONS .—Once a child is determined to be an In-
dian eligible to be counted for such grant award, the local education agency shall main-tain a record of such determination and shall not require a new or duplicate determination to be made for such child for a subsequent applica-tion for a grant under this subpart. 
‘‘(3) P
REVIOUSLY FILED FORMS .—An Indian 
student eligibility form that was on file as re-quired by this section on the day before the date 
of the enactment of the Student Success Act and that met the requirements of this section, as this section was in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of such Act, shall remain valid for such Indian student. 
‘‘(e) M
ONITORING AND EVALUATION REVIEW .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .— 
‘‘(A) R EVIEW .—For each fiscal year, in order 
to provide such information as is necessary to carry out the responsibility of the Secretary to provide technical assistance under this subpart, the Secretary shall conduct a monitoring and evaluation review of a sampling of the recipients of grants under this subpart. The sampling con-ducted under this subparagraph shall take into account the size of and the geographic location of each local educational agency. 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—A local educational agency 
may not be held liable to the United States or be subject to any penalty, by reason of the findings of an audit that relates to the date of comple-tion, or the date of submission, of any forms used to establish, before April 28, 1988, the eligi-bility of a child for an entitlement under the In-dian Elementary and Secondary School Assist-ance Act. 
‘‘(2) F
ALSE INFORMATION .—Any local edu-
cational agency that provides false information in an application for a grant under this subpart shall— 
‘‘(A) be ineligible to apply for any other grant 
under this subpart; and 
‘‘(B) be liable to the United States for any 
funds from the grant that have not been ex-pended. 
‘‘(3) E
XCLUDED CHILDREN .—A student who 
provides false information for the form required under subsection (a) shall not be counted for the purpose of computing the amount of a grant under section 5113. 
‘‘(f) T
RIBAL GRANT AND CONTRACT SCHOOLS .— 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this sec-tion, in calculating the amount of a grant under this subpart to a tribal school that receives a grant or contract from the Bureau of Indian Education, the Secretary shall use only one of the following, as selected by the school: 
‘‘(1) A count of the number of students in the 
schools certified by the Bureau. 
‘‘(2) A count of the number of students for 
whom the school has eligibility forms that com-ply with this section. 
‘‘(g) T
IMING OF CHILD COUNTS .—For purposes 
of determining the number of children to be counted in calculating the amount of a local educational agency’s grant under this subpart (other than in the case described in subsection (f)(1)), the local educational agency shall— 
‘‘(1) establish a date on, or a period not longer 
than 31 consecutive days during, which the agency counts those children, if that date or pe-riod occurs before the deadline established by the Secretary for submitting an application under section 5114; and 
‘‘(2) determine that each such child was en-
rolled, and receiving a free public education, in a school of the agency on that date or during that period, as the case may be. 
‘‘SEC. 5118. PAYMENTS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b), 
the Secretary shall pay to each local edu-cational agency that submits an application that is approved by the Secretary under this subpart the amount determined under section 5113. The Secretary shall notify the local edu-cational agency of the amount of the payment not later than June 1 of the year for which the Secretary makes the payment. 
‘‘(b) P
AYMENTS TAKEN INTOACCOUNT BY THE  
STATE.—The Secretary may not make a grant 
under this subpart to a local educational agency for a fiscal year if, for such fiscal year, the State in which the local educational agency is located takes into consideration payments made under this chapter in determining the eligibility of the local educational agency for State aid, or the amount of the State aid, with respect to the 
free public education of children during such fiscal year or the preceding fiscal year. 
‘‘(c) R
EALLOCATIONS .—The Secretary may re-
allocate, in a manner that the Secretary deter-mines will best carry out the purpose of this subpart, any amounts that— 
‘‘(1) based on estimates made by local edu-
cational agencies or other information, the Sec-retary determines will not be needed by such agencies to carry out approved programs under this subpart; or 
‘‘(2) otherwise become available for realloca-
tion under this subpart. 
‘‘SEC. 5119. STATE EDUCATIONAL AGENCY RE-
VIEW. 
‘‘Before submitting an application to the Sec-
retary under section 5114, a local educational agency shall submit the application to the State educational agency, which may comment on such application. If the State educational agen-cy comments on the application, the agency shall comment on all applications submitted by local educational agencies in the State and shall provide those comments to the respective local educational agencies, with an opportunity to re-spond. 
‘‘Subpart 2—Special Programs and Projects 
To Improve Educational Opportunities for Indian Children and Youth 
‘‘SEC. 5121. SPECIAL PROGRAMS AND PROJECTS 
TO IMPROVE EDUCATIONAL OPPOR-TUNITIES FOR INDIAN CHILDREN AND YOUTH. 
‘‘(a) P URPOSE .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—It is the purpose of this sec-
tion to support projects to develop, test, and demonstrate the effectiveness of services and programs to improve educational opportunities and achievement of Indian children and youth. 
‘‘(2) C
OORDINATION .—The Secretary shall take 
the necessary actions to achieve the coordina-tion of activities assisted under this subpart with— 
‘‘(A) other programs funded under this Act; 
and 
‘‘(B) other Federal programs operated for the 
benefit of American Indian and Alaska Native children and youth. 
‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE ENTITIES .—In this section, the 
term ‘eligible entity’ means a State educational agency, local educational agency, Indian tribe, Indian organization, federally supported ele-mentary school or secondary school for Indian students, Indian institution (including an In-dian institution of higher education), Alaska Native Organization, or a consortium of such entities. 
‘‘(c) G
RANTS AUTHORIZED .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall award 
grants to eligible entities to enable such entities to carry out activities that meet the purpose of this section, including— 
‘‘(A) innovative programs related to the edu-
cational needs of educationally disadvantaged children and youth; 
‘‘(B) educational services that are not avail-
able to such children and youth in sufficient quantity or quality, including remedial instruc-tion, to raise the achievement of Indian and Alaska Native children in one or more of the subjects of English, mathematics, science, for-eign languages, art, history, and geography; 
‘‘(C) bilingual and bicultural programs and 
projects; 
‘‘(D) special health and nutrition services, 
and other related activities, that address the special health, social, emotional, and psycho-logical problems of Indian children; 
‘‘(E) special compensatory and other programs 
and projects designed to assist and encourage Indian children to enter, remain in, or reenter school, and to increase the rate of high school graduation for Indian children; 
‘‘(F) comprehensive guidance, counseling, and 
testing services; 
‘‘(G) high quality early childhood education 
programs that are effective in preparing young 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.015 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1235 February 26, 2015 
children to make sufficient academic growth by 
the end of grade 3, including kindergarten and pre-kindergarten programs, family-based pre-school programs that emphasize school readi-ness, screening and referral, and the provision of services to Indian children and youth with disabilities; 
‘‘(H) partnership projects between local edu-
cational agencies and institutions of higher edu-cation that allow secondary school students to enroll in courses at the postsecondary level to aid such students in the transition from sec-ondary to postsecondary education; 
‘‘(I) partnership projects between schools and 
local businesses for career preparation programs designed to provide Indian youth with the knowledge and skills such youth need to make an effective transition from school to a high- skill, high-wage career; 
‘‘(J) programs designed to encourage and as-
sist Indian students to work toward, and gain entrance into, an institution of higher edu-cation; 
‘‘(K) family literacy services; ‘‘(L) activities that recognize and support the 
unique cultural and educational needs of In-dian children, and incorporate appropriately qualified tribal elders and seniors; 
‘‘(M) high quality professional development of 
teaching professionals and paraprofessionals; or 
‘‘(N) other services that meet the purpose de-
scribed in this section. 
‘‘(d) G
RANT REQUIREMENTS AND APPLICA -
TIONS .— 
‘‘(1) G RANT REQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may make 
multiyear grants under subsection (c) for the planning, development, pilot operation, or dem-onstration of any activity described in sub-section (c) for a period not to exceed 5 years. 
‘‘(B) P
RIORITY .—In making multiyear grants 
described in this paragraph, the Secretary shall give priority to entities submitting applications that present a plan for combining two or more of the activities described in subsection (c) over a period of more than 1 year. 
‘‘(C) P
ROGRESS .—The Secretary shall make a 
grant payment for a grant described in this paragraph to an eligible entity after the initial year of the multiyear grant only if the Secretary determines that the eligible entity has made sub-stantial progress in carrying out the activities assisted under the grant in accordance with the application submitted under paragraph (3) and any subsequent modifications to such applica-tion. 
‘‘(2) D
ISSEMINATION GRANTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In addition to awarding 
the multiyear grants described in paragraph (1), the Secretary may award grants under sub-section (c) to eligible entities for the dissemina-tion of exemplary materials or programs assisted under this section. 
‘‘(B) D
ETERMINATION .—The Secretary may 
award a dissemination grant described in this paragraph if, prior to awarding the grant, the Secretary determines that the material or pro-gram to be disseminated— 
‘‘(i) has been adequately reviewed; ‘‘(ii) has demonstrated educational merit; and ‘‘(iii) can be replicated. ‘‘(3) A
PPLICATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Any eligible entity that de-
sires to receive a grant under this section shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may reasonably require. 
‘‘(B) C
ONTENTS .—Each application submitted 
to the Secretary under subparagraph (A), other than an application for a dissemination grant under paragraph (2), shall contain— 
‘‘(i) a description of how parents of Indian 
children and representatives of Indian tribes have been, and will be, involved in developing and implementing the activities for which assist-ance is sought; 
‘‘(ii) assurances that the applicant will par-
ticipate, at the request of the Secretary, in any national evaluation of activities assisted under 
this section; 
‘‘(iii) information demonstrating that the pro-
posed program for the activities is a scientif-ically based research program, where applicable, which may include a program that has been modified to be culturally appropriate for stu-dents who will be served; 
‘‘(iv) a description of how the applicant will 
incorporate the proposed activities into the on-going school program involved once the grant period is over; and 
‘‘(v) such other assurances and information as 
the Secretary may reasonably require. 
‘‘(e) A
DMINISTRATIVE COSTS.—Not more than 5 
percent of the funds provided to a grantee under this subpart for any fiscal year may be used for administrative purposes. 
‘‘SEC. 5122. PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT FOR 
TEACHERS AND EDUCATION PRO-FESSIONALS. 
‘‘(a) P URPOSES .—The purposes of this section 
are— 
‘‘(1) to increase the number of qualified In-
dian and Alaska Native teachers and adminis-trators serving Indian and Alaska Native stu-dents; 
‘‘(2) to provide training to qualified Indian 
and Alaska Native individuals to become edu-cators and education support service profes-sionals; and 
‘‘(3) to improve the skills of qualified Indian 
individuals who serve in the capacities described in paragraph (2). 
‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE ENTITIES .—For the purpose of 
this section, the term ‘eligible entity’ means— 
‘‘(1) an institution of higher education, in-
cluding an Indian institution of higher edu-cation; 
‘‘(2) a State educational agency or local edu-
cational agency, in consortium with an institu-tion of higher education; 
‘‘(3) an Indian tribe or organization, in con-
sortium with an institution of higher education; and 
‘‘(4) a Bureau-funded school (as defined in 
section 1146 of the Education Amendments of 1978). 
‘‘(c) P
ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary is 
authorized to award grants to eligible entities having applications approved under this section to enable those entities to carry out the activi-ties described in subsection (d). 
‘‘(d) A
UTHORIZED ACTIVITIES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Grant funds under this sec-
tion shall be used for activities to provide sup-port and training for Indian individuals in a manner consistent with the purposes of this sec-tion. Such activities may include continuing programs, symposia, workshops, conferences, and direct financial support, and may include programs designed to train tribal elders and sen-iors. 
‘‘(2) S
PECIAL RULES .— 
‘‘(A) T YPE OF TRAINING .—For education per-
sonnel, the training received pursuant to a grant under this section may be inservice or preservice training. 
‘‘(B) P
ROGRAM .—For individuals who are 
being trained to enter any field other than teaching, the training received pursuant to a grant under this section shall be in a program that results in a graduate degree. 
‘‘(e) A
PPLICATION .—Each eligible entity desir-
ing a grant under this section shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and accompanied by such infor-mation, as the Secretary may reasonably re-quire. 
‘‘(f) S
PECIAL RULE.—In awarding grants 
under this section, the Secretary— 
‘‘(1) shall consider the prior performance of 
the eligible entity; and 
‘‘(2) may not limit eligibility to receive a grant 
under this section on the basis of— 
‘‘(A) the number of previous grants the Sec-
retary has awarded such entity; or 
‘‘(B) the length of any period during which 
such entity received such grants. ‘‘(g) G RANT PERIOD .—Each grant under this 
section shall be awarded for a period of not more than 5 years. 
‘‘(h) S
ERVICE OBLIGATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall require, 
by regulation, that an individual who receives training pursuant to a grant made under this section— 
‘‘(A) perform work— ‘‘(i) related to the training received under this 
section; and 
‘‘(ii) that benefits Indian people; or ‘‘(B) repay all or a prorated part of the assist-
ance received. 
‘‘(2) R
EPORTING .—The Secretary shall estab-
lish, by regulation, a reporting procedure under which a grant recipient under this section shall, not later than 12 months after the date of com-pletion of the training, and periodically there-after, provide information concerning compli-ance with the work requirement under para-graph (1). 
‘‘SEC. 5123. TRIBAL EDUCATION AGENCIES COOP-
ERATIVE AGREEMENTS. 
‘‘(a) P URPOSE .—Tribes may enter into written 
cooperative agreements with the State edu-cational agency and the local educational agen-cies operating a school or schools within Indian lands. For purposes of this section, the term ‘In-dian land’ has the meaning given that term in section 8013. 
‘‘(b) C
OOPERATIVE AGREEMENT .—If requested 
by the Indian tribe, the State educational agen-cy or the local educational agency may enter into a cooperative agreement with the Indian tribe. Such cooperative agreement— 
‘‘(1) may authorize the tribe or such tribe’s re-
spective tribal education agency to plan, con-duct, consolidate, and administer programs, services, functions, and activities, or portions thereof, administered by the State educational agency or the local educational agency; 
‘‘(2) may authorize the tribe or such tribe’s re-
spective tribal education agency to reallocate funds for such programs, services, functions, and activities, or portions thereof as necessary; and 
‘‘(3) shall— ‘‘(A) only confer the tribe or such tribe’s re-
spective tribal education agency with respon-sibilities to conduct activities described in para-graph (1) such that the burden assumed by the tribe or the tribal education agency for con-ducting such is commensurate with the benefit that doing so conveys to all parties of the agree-ment; and 
‘‘(B) be based solely on terms of the written 
agreement decided upon by the Indian tribe and the State educational agency or local education agency. 
‘‘(c) D
ISAGREEMENT .—Agreements shall only 
be valid if the Indian tribe and State edu-cational agency or local educational agency agree fully in writing to all of the terms of the written cooperative agreement. 
‘‘(d) C
OMPLIANCE WITHAPPLICABLE LAW.— 
Nothing in this section shall be construed to re-lieve any party to a cooperative agreement from complying with all applicable Federal, State, local laws. State and local educational agencies are still the ultimate responsible, liable parties for complying with all laws and funding re-quirements for any functions that are conveyed to tribes and tribal education agencies through the cooperative agreements. 
‘‘(e) D
EFINITION .—For the purposes of this 
subpart, the term ‘Indian Tribe’ means any tribe or band that is officially recognized by the Sec-retary of the Interior. 
‘‘Subpart 3—National Activities 
‘‘SEC. 5131. NATIONAL RESEARCH ACTIVITIES. 
‘‘(a) A UTHORIZED ACTIVITIES .—The Secretary 
may use funds made available to carry out this subpart for each fiscal year to— 
‘‘(1) conduct research related to effective ap-
proaches for improving the academic achieve-ment and development of Indian and Alaska Native children and adults; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.015 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1236 February 26, 2015 
‘‘(2) collect and analyze data on the edu-
cational status and needs of Indian and Alaska Native students; and 
‘‘(3) carry out other activities that are con-
sistent with the purpose of this part. 
‘‘(b) E
LIGIBILITY .—The Secretary may carry 
out any of the activities described in subsection (a) directly or through grants to, or contracts or cooperative agreements with, Indian tribes, In-dian organizations, State educational agencies, local educational agencies, institutions of high-er education, including Indian institutions of higher education, and other public and private agencies and institutions. 
‘‘(c) C
OORDINATION .—Research activities sup-
ported under this section— 
‘‘(1) shall be coordinated with appropriate of-
fices within the Department; and 
‘‘(2) may include collaborative research activi-
ties that are jointly funded and carried out by the Office of Indian Education Programs, the Office of Educational Research and Improve-ment, the Bureau of Indian Education, and the Institute of Education Sciences. 
‘‘SEC. 5132. IMPROVEMENT OF ACADEMIC SUC-
CESS FOR STUDENTS THROUGH NA-TIVE AMERICAN LANGUAGE. 
‘‘(a) P URPOSE .—It is the purpose of this sec-
tion to improve educational opportunities and academic achievement of Indian and Alaska Na-tive students through Native American language programs and to foster the acquisition of Native American language. 
‘‘(b) D
EFINITION OF ELIGIBLE ENTITY .—In this 
section, the term ‘eligible entity’ means a State educational agency, local educational agency, Indian tribe, Indian organization, federally sup-ported elementary school or secondary school for Indian students, Indian institution (includ-ing an Indian institution of higher education), or a consortium of such entities. 
‘‘(c) G
RANTS AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary 
shall award grants to eligible entities to enable such entities to carry out the following activi-ties: 
‘‘(1) Native American language programs 
that— 
‘‘(A) provide instruction through the use of a 
Native American language for not less than 10 children for an average of not less than 500 hours per year per student; 
‘‘(B) provide for the involvement of parents, 
caregivers, and families of students enrolled in the program; 
‘‘(C) utilize, and may include the development 
of, instructional courses and materials for learn-ing Native American languages and for instruc-tion through the use of Native American lan-guages; 
‘‘(D) provide support for professional develop-
ment activities; and 
‘‘(E) include a goal of all students achieving— ‘‘(i) fluency in a Native American language; 
and 
‘‘(ii) academic proficiency in mathematics, 
English, reading or language arts, and science. 
‘‘(2) Native American language restoration 
programs that— 
‘‘(A) provide instruction in not less than 1 Na-
tive American language; 
‘‘(B) provide support for professional develop-
ment activities for teachers of Native American languages; 
‘‘(C) develop instructional materials for the 
programs; and 
‘‘(D) include the goal of increasing pro-
ficiency and fluency in not less than 1 Native American language. 
‘‘(d) A
PPLICATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—An eligible entity that de-
sires to receive a grant under this section shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and accompanied by such information as the Secretary may require. 
‘‘(2) C
ERTIFICATION .—An eligible entity that 
submits an application for a grant to carry out the activity specified in subsection (c)(1), shall include in such application a certification that assures that such entity has experience and a 
demonstrated record of effectiveness in oper-ating and administering a Native American lan-guage program or any other educational pro-gram in which instruction is conducted in a Na-tive American language. 
‘‘(e) G
RANT DURATION .—The Secretary shall 
make grants under this section only on a multi- year basis. Each such grant shall be for a period not to exceed 5 years. 
‘‘(f) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term 
‘average’ means the aggregate number of hours of instruction through the use of a Native Amer-ican language to all students enrolled in a Na-tive American language program during a school year divided by the total number of stu-dents enrolled in the program. 
‘‘(g) A
DMINISTRATIVE COSTS.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-
graph (2), not more than 5 percent of the funds provided to a grantee under this section for any fiscal year may be used for administrative pur-poses. 
‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—An elementary school or 
secondary school for Indian students that re-ceives funds from a recipient of a grant under subsection (c) for any fiscal year may use not more than 10 percent of the funds for adminis-trative purposes. 
‘‘SEC. 5133. GRANTS TO TRIBES FOR EDUCATION 
ADMINISTRATIVE PLANNING AND DEVELOPMENT. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary may make 
grants to Indian tribes, and tribal organizations approved by Indian tribes, to plan and develop a centralized tribal administrative entity to— 
‘‘(1) coordinate all education programs oper-
ated by the tribe or within the territorial juris-diction of the tribe; 
‘‘(2) develop education codes for schools with-
in the territorial jurisdiction of the tribe; 
‘‘(3) provide support services and technical as-
sistance to schools serving children of the tribe; and 
‘‘(4) perform child-find screening services for 
the preschool-aged children of the tribe to— 
‘‘(A) ensure placement in appropriate edu-
cational facilities; and 
‘‘(B) coordinate the provision of any needed 
special services for conditions such as disabil-ities and English language skill deficiencies. 
‘‘(b) P
ERIOD OF GRANT.—Each grant awarded 
under this section may be awarded for a period of not more than 3 years. Such grant may be re-newed upon the termination of the initial period of the grant if the grant recipient demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Secretary that renew-ing the grant for an additional 3-year period is necessary to carry out the objectives of the grant described in subsection (c)(2)(A). 
‘‘(c) A
PPLICATION FOR GRANT.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each Indian tribe and trib-
al organization desiring a grant under this sec-tion shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, containing such information, and consistent with such criteria, as the Secretary may prescribe in regulations. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—Each application described 
in paragraph (1) shall contain— 
‘‘(A) a statement describing the activities to be 
conducted, and the objectives to be achieved, under the grant; and 
‘‘(B) a description of the method to be used for 
evaluating the effectiveness of the activities for which assistance is sought and for determining whether such objectives are achieved. 
‘‘(3) A
PPROVAL .—The Secretary may approve 
an application submitted by a tribe or tribal or-ganization pursuant to this section only if the Secretary is satisfied that such application, in-cluding any documentation submitted with the application— 
‘‘(A) demonstrates that the applicant has con-
sulted with other education entities, if any, within the territorial jurisdiction of the appli-cant who will be affected by the activities to be conducted under the grant; 
‘‘(B) provides for consultation with such other 
education entities in the operation and evalua-tion of the activities conducted under the grant; 
and 
‘‘(C) demonstrates that there will be adequate 
resources provided under this section or from other sources to complete the activities for which assistance is sought, except that the availability of such other resources shall not be a basis for disapproval of such application. 
‘‘(d) R
ESTRICTION .—A tribe may not receive 
funds under this section if such tribe receives funds under section 1144 of the Education Amendments of 1978. 
‘‘Subpart 4—Federal Administration 
‘‘SEC. 5141. NATIONAL ADVISORY COUNCIL ON IN-
DIAN EDUCATION. 
‘‘(a) M EMBERSHIP .—There is established a Na-
tional Advisory Council on Indian Education (hereafter in this section referred to as the ‘Council’), which shall— 
‘‘(1) consist of 15 Indian members, who shall 
be appointed by the President from lists of nomi-nees furnished, from time to time, by Indian tribes and organizations; and 
‘‘(2) represent different geographic areas of 
the United States. 
‘‘(b) D
UTIES .—The Council shall— 
‘‘(1) advise the Secretary concerning the fund-
ing and administration (including the develop-ment of regulations and administrative policies and practices) of any program, including any program established under this part— 
‘‘(A) with respect to which the Secretary has 
jurisdiction; and 
‘‘(B)(i) that includes Indian children or adults 
as participants; or 
‘‘(ii) that may benefit Indian children or 
adults; 
‘‘(2) make recommendations to the Secretary 
for filling the position of Director of Indian Education whenever a vacancy occurs; and 
‘‘(3) submit to Congress, not later than June 
30 of each year, a report on the activities of the Council, including— 
‘‘(A) any recommendations that the Council 
considers appropriate for the improvement of Federal education programs that include Indian children or adults as participants, or that may benefit Indian children or adults; and 
‘‘(B) recommendations concerning the funding 
of any program described in subparagraph (A). 
‘‘SEC. 5142. PEER REVIEW. 
‘‘The Secretary may use a peer review process 
to review applications submitted to the Sec-retary under subpart 2 or subpart 3. 
‘‘SEC. 5143. PREFERENCE FOR INDIAN APPLI-
CANTS. 
‘‘In making grants and entering into contracts 
or cooperative agreements under subpart 2 or subpart 3, the Secretary shall give a preference to Indian tribes, organizations, and institutions of higher education under any program with re-spect to which Indian tribes, organizations, and institutions are eligible to apply for grants, con-tracts, or cooperative agreements. 
‘‘SEC. 5144. MINIMUM GRANT CRITERIA. 
‘‘The Secretary may not approve an applica-
tion for a grant, contract, or cooperative agree-ment under subpart 2 or subpart 3 unless the application is for a grant, contract, or coopera-tive agreement that is— 
‘‘(1) of sufficient size, scope, and quality to 
achieve the purpose or objectives of such grant, contract, or cooperative agreement; and 
‘‘(2) based on relevant research findings. 
‘‘Subpart 5—Definitions; Authorizations of 
Appropriations 
‘‘SEC. 5151. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘For the purposes of this part: 
‘‘(1) A DULT .—The term ‘adult’ means an indi-
vidual who— 
‘‘(A) has attained the age of 16 years; or ‘‘(B) has attained an age that is greater than 
the age of compulsory school attendance under an applicable State law. 
‘‘(2) F
REE PUBLIC EDUCATION .—The term ‘free 
public education’ means education that is— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.015 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1237 February 26, 2015 
‘‘(A) provided at public expense, under public 
supervision and direction, and without tuition charge; and 
‘‘(B) provided as elementary or secondary 
education in the applicable State or to preschool children. 
‘‘(3) I
NDIAN .—The term ‘Indian’ means an in-
dividual who is— 
‘‘(A) a member of an Indian tribe or band, as 
membership is defined by the tribe or band, in-cluding— 
‘‘(i) any tribe or band terminated since 1940; 
and 
‘‘(ii) any tribe or band recognized by the State 
in which the tribe or band resides; 
‘‘(B) a descendant, in the first or second de-
gree, of an individual described in subpara-graph (A); 
‘‘(C) considered by the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to be an Indian for any purpose; 
‘‘(D) an Alaska Native, as defined in section 
5206(1); or 
‘‘(E) a member of an organized Indian group 
that received a grant under the Indian Edu-cation Act of 1988 as in effect the day preceding the date of the enactment of the Improving America’s Schools Act of 1994. 
‘‘(4) A
LASKA NATIVE ORGANIZATION .—The term 
‘Alaska Native Organization’ has the same meaning as defined in section 5206(2). 
‘‘SEC. 5152. AUTHORIZATIONS OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
‘‘(a) S UBPART 1.—For the purpose of carrying 
out subpart 1, there are authorized to be appro-priated $105,921,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
‘‘(b) S
UBPARTS 2 AND3.—For the purpose of 
carrying out subparts 2 and 3, there are author-ized to be appropriated $24,858,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
‘‘PART B—ALASKA NATIVE EDUCATION 
‘‘SEC. 5201. SHORT TITLE. 
‘‘This part may be cited as the ‘Alaska Native 
Educational Equity, Support, and Assistance Act’. 
‘‘SEC. 5202. FINDINGS. 
‘‘Congress finds and declares the following: 
‘‘(1) It is the policy of the Federal Government 
to maximize the leadership of and participation by Alaska Natives in the planning and the man-agement of Alaska Native education programs and to support efforts developed by and under-taken within the Alaska Native community to improve educational opportunity for all stu-dents. 
‘‘(2) Many Alaska Native children enter and 
exit school with serious educational disadvan-tages. 
‘‘(3) Overcoming the magnitude of the geo-
graphic challenges, historical inequities, and other barriers to successfully improving edu-cational outcomes for Alaska Native students in rural, village, and urban settings is challenging. Significant disparities between academic achievement of Alaska Native students and non- Native students continues, including lower graduation rates, increased school dropout rates, and lower achievement scores on stand-ardized tests. 
‘‘(4) The preservation of Alaska Native cul-
tures and languages and the integration of Alaska Native cultures and languages into edu-cation, positive identity development for Alaska Native students, and local, place-based, and culture-based programming are critical to the attainment of educational success and the long- term well-being of Alaska Native students. 
‘‘(5) Improving educational outcomes for Alas-
ka Native students increases access to employ-ment opportunities. 
‘‘(6) The programs and activities authorized 
under this part give priority to Alaska Native organizations as a means of increasing Alaska Native parents’ and community involvement in the promotion of academic success of Alaska Na-tive students. 
‘‘(7) The Federal Government should lend 
support to efforts developed by and undertaken within the Alaska Native community to improve 
educational opportunity for Alaska Native stu-dents. In 1983, pursuant to Public Law 98–63, Alaska ceased to receive educational funding from the Bureau of Indian Affairs. The Bureau of Indian Education does not operate any schools in Alaska, nor operate or fund Alaska Native education programs. The program under this part supports the Federal trust responsi-bility of the United States to Alaska Natives. 
‘‘SEC. 5203. PURPOSES. 
‘‘The purposes of this part are as follows: 
‘‘(1) To recognize and address the unique edu-
cational needs of Alaska Natives. 
‘‘(2) To recognize the role of Alaska Native 
languages and cultures in the educational suc-cess and long-term well-being of Alaska Native students. 
‘‘(3) To integrate Alaska Native cultures and 
languages into education, develop Alaska Na-tive students’ positive identity, and support local place-based and culture-based curriculum and programming. 
‘‘(4) To authorize the development, manage-
ment, and expansion of effective supplemental educational programs to benefit Alaska Natives. 
‘‘(5) To provide direction and guidance to ap-
propriate Federal, State, and local agencies to focus resources, including resources made avail-able under this part, on meeting the educational needs of Alaska Natives. 
‘‘(6) To ensure the maximum participation by 
Alaska Native educators and leaders in the planning, development, management, and eval-uation of programs designed to serve Alaska Na-tives students, and to ensure Alaska Native or-ganizations play a meaningful role in supple-mental educational services provided to Alaska Native students. 
‘‘SEC. 5204. PROGRAM AUTHORIZED. 
‘‘(a) G ENERAL AUTHORITY .— 
‘‘(1) G RANTS AND CONTRACTS .—The Secretary 
is authorized to make grants to, or enter into contracts with, Alaska Native organizations, State educational agencies, local educational agencies, educational entities with experience in developing or operating Alaska Native edu-cational programs or programs of instruction conducted in Alaska Native languages, cultural and community-based organizations with expe-rience in developing or operating programs to benefit the educational needs of Alaska Natives, and consortia of organizations and entities de-scribed in this paragraph, to carry out programs that meet the purposes of this part. 
‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENT .—A State edu-
cational agency, local educational agency, edu-cational entity with experience in developing or operating Alaska Native educational programs or programs of instruction conducted in Alaska Native languages, cultural and community- based organization with experience in devel-oping or operating programs to benefit the edu-cational needs of Alaska Natives, or consortium of such organizations and entities is eligible for an award under this part only as part of a part-nership involving an Alaska Native organiza-tion. 
‘‘(3) M
ANDATORY ACTIVITIES .—Activities pro-
vided through the programs carried out under this part shall include the following which shall only be provided specifically in the context of el-ementary and secondary education: 
‘‘(A) The development and implementation of 
plans, methods, and strategies to improve the educational outcomes of Alaska Native people. 
‘‘(B) The collection of data to assist in the 
evaluation of the programs carried out under this part. 
‘‘(4) P
ERMISSIBLE ACTIVITIES .—Activities pro-
vided through programs carried out under this part may include the following which shall only be provided specifically in the context of elemen-tary and secondary education: 
‘‘(A) The development of curricula and pro-
grams that address the educational needs of Alaska Native students, including the following: ‘‘(i) Curriculum materials that reflect the cul-
tural diversity, languages, history, or the con-tributions of Alaska Native people. 
‘‘(ii) Instructional programs that make use of 
Alaska Native languages and cultures. 
‘‘(iii) Networks that develop, test, and dissemi-
nate best practices and introduce successful pro-grams, materials, and techniques to meet the educational needs of Alaska Native students in urban and rural schools. 
‘‘(B) Training and professional development 
activities for educators, including the following: 
‘‘(i) Pre-service and in-service training and 
professional development programs to prepare teachers to develop appreciation for, and under-standing of, Alaska Native history, cultures, values, ways of knowing and learning in order to effectively address the cultural diversity and unique needs of Alaska Native students. 
‘‘(ii) Recruitment and preparation of teachers 
who are Alaska Native. 
‘‘(iii) Programs that will lead to the certifi-
cation and licensing of Alaska Native teachers, principals, and superintendents. 
‘‘(C) The development and operation of stu-
dent enrichment programs, including those in science, technology, engineering, and mathe-matics that— 
‘‘(i) are designed to prepare Alaska Native 
students to excel in such subjects; 
‘‘(ii) provide appropriate support services to 
enable such students to benefit from the pro-grams; and 
‘‘(iii) include activities that recognize and 
support the unique cultural and educational needs of Alaska Native children, and incor-porate appropriately qualified Alaska Native el-ders and other tradition bearers. 
‘‘(D) Research and data collection activities to 
determine the educational status and needs of Alaska Native children and other research and evaluation activities related to programs carried out under this part. 
‘‘(E) Activities designed to increase the grad-
uation rates of Alaska Native students and pre-pare Alaska Native students to be college and career ready upon graduation from secondary school, such as— 
‘‘(i) remedial and enrichment programs; and ‘‘(ii) culturally based education programs, 
such as— 
‘‘(I) programs of study and other instruction 
in Alaska Native history and way of living, to share the rich and diverse cultures of Alaska Native peoples among Alaska Native youth and elders, non-Native students, teachers, and the larger community; 
‘‘(II) instruction in leadership, communica-
tion, Native culture, arts, and languages to Alaska Native youth; 
‘‘(III) instruction in Alaska Native history 
and ways of living to students and teachers in the local school district; 
‘‘(IV) intergenerational learning and intern-
ship opportunities to Alaska Native youth and young adults; and 
‘‘(V) providing cultural immersion activities 
aimed at Alaska Native cultural preservation. 
‘‘(F) Statewide on-site exchange programs, for 
both students and teachers, that work to facili-tate cultural relationships between urban and rural Alaskans to build mutual respect and un-derstanding, and foster a statewide sense of common identity through host family, school, and community cross-cultural immersion. 
‘‘(G) Education programs for at-risk urban 
Alaska Native students in kindergarten through grade 12 that are designed to improve academic proficiency and graduation rates, utilize strate-gies otherwise permissible under this part, and incorporate a strong data collection and contin-uous evaluation component. 
‘‘(H) Statewide programs that provide tech-
nical assistance and support to schools and communities to engage adults in promoting the academic progress and overall well-being of Alaska Native people through child and youth development, positive youth-adult relationships, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.015 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1238 February 26, 2015 
improved conditions for learning (school cli-
mate, student connection to school and commu-nity), and increased connections between schools and families. 
‘‘(I) Career preparation activities to enable 
Alaska Native children and adults to prepare for meaningful employment, including programs providing tech-prep, mentoring, training, and apprenticeship activities. 
‘‘(J) Support for the development and oper-
ational activities of regional vocational schools in rural areas of Alaska to provide students with necessary resources to prepare for skilled employment opportunities. 
‘‘(K) Regional leadership academies that dem-
onstrate effectiveness in building respect, under-standing, and fostering a sense of Alaska Native identity to promote their pursuit of and success in completing higher education or career train-ing. 
‘‘(L) Strategies designed to increase the in-
volvement of parents in their children’s edu-cation. 
‘‘(b) L
IMITATION ON ADMINISTRATIVE COSTS.— 
Not more than 5 percent of funds provided to an award recipient under this part for any fiscal year may be used for administrative purposes. 
‘‘(c) P
RIORITIES .—In awarding grants or con-
tracts to carry out activities described in this subpart, the Secretary shall give priority to ap-plications from Alaska Native Organizations. Such priority shall be explicitly delineated in the Secretary’s process for evaluating applica-tions and applied consistently and trans-parently to all applications from Alaska Native Organizations. 
‘‘(d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this part $33,185,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
‘‘SEC. 5205. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS. 
‘‘(a) A PPLICATION REQUIRED .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—No grant may be made 
under this part, and no contract may be entered into under this part, unless the Alaska Native organization or entity seeking the grant or con-tract submits an application to the Secretary in such form, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may determine nec-essary to carry out the provisions of this part. 
‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENT FOR CERTAIN APPLICANTS .— 
An applicant described in section 5204(a)(2) shall, in the application submitted under this paragraph— 
‘‘(A) demonstrate that an Alaska Native orga-
nization was directly involved in the develop-ment of the program for which the application seeks funds and explicitly delineate the mean-ingful role that the Alaska Native organization will play in the implementation and evaluation of the program for which funding is sought; and 
‘‘(B) provide a copy of the Alaska Native or-
ganization’s governing document. 
‘‘(b) C
ONSULTATION REQUIRED .—Each appli-
cant for an award under this part shall provide for ongoing advice from and consultation with representatives of the Alaska Native community. 
‘‘(c) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY COORDINA -
TION.—Each applicant for an award under this 
part shall inform each local educational agency serving students who would participate in the program to be carried out under the grant or contract about the application. 
‘‘(d) C
ONTINUATION AWARDS .—An applicant 
described in section 5204(a)(2) that receives funding under this part shall periodically dem-onstrate to the Secretary, during the term of the award, that the applicant is continuing to meet the requirements of subsection (a)(2)(A). 
‘‘SEC. 5206. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this part: 
‘‘(1) A LASKA NATIVE .—The term ‘Alaska Na-
tive’ has the same meaning as the term ‘Native’ has in section 3(b) of the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act and their descendants. 
‘‘(2) A
LASKA NATIVE ORGANIZATION .—The term 
‘Alaska Native organization’ means a federally recognized tribe, consortium of tribes, regional 
nonprofit Native association, and an organiza-tion, that— 
‘‘(A) has or commits to acquire expertise in the 
education of Alaska Natives; and 
‘‘(B) has Alaska Native people in substantive 
and policymaking positions within the organiza-tion. 
‘‘PART C—NATIVE HAWAIIAN EDUCATION 
‘‘SEC. 5301. FINDINGS. 
‘‘Congress finds the following: 
‘‘(1) Native Hawaiians are a distinct and 
unique indigenous people with a historical con-tinuity to the original inhabitants of the Hawai-ian archipelago, whose society was organized as a nation and internationally recognized as a nation by the United States, and many other countries. 
‘‘(2) Native Hawaiians have a cultural, his-
toric, and land-based link to the indigenous people who exercised sovereignty over the Ha-waiian Islands. 
‘‘(3) The political status of Native Hawaiians 
is comparable to that of American Indians and Alaska Natives. 
‘‘(4) The political relationship between the 
United States and the Native Hawaiian people has been recognized and reaffirmed by the United States, as evidenced by the inclusion of Native Hawaiians in many Federal statutes, in-cluding— 
‘‘(A) the Native American Programs Act of 
1974 (42 U.S.C. 2991 et seq.); 
‘‘(B) Public Law 95–341 (commonly known as 
the ‘American Indian Religious Freedom Act’ (42 U.S.C. 1996)); 
‘‘(C) the National Museum of the American 
Indian Act (20 U.S.C. 80q et seq.); 
‘‘(D) the Native American Graves Protection 
and Repatriation Act (25 U.S.C. 3001 et seq.); 
‘‘(E) the National Historic Preservation Act 
(16 U.S.C. 470 et seq.); 
‘‘(F) the Native American Languages Act (25 
U.S.C. 2901 et seq.); 
‘‘(G) the American Indian, Alaska Native, and 
Native Hawaiian Culture and Art Development Act (20 U.S.C. 4401 et seq.); 
‘‘(H) the Workforce Investment Act of 1998 (29 
U.S.C. 2801 et seq.); and 
‘‘(I) the Older Americans Act of 1965 (42 
U.S.C. 3001 et seq.). 
‘‘(5) Many Native Hawaiian students lag be-
hind other students in terms of— 
‘‘(A) school readiness factors; ‘‘(B) scoring below national norms on edu-
cation achievement tests at all grade levels; 
‘‘(C) underrepresentation in the uppermost 
achievement levels and in gifted and talented programs; 
‘‘(D) overrepresentation among students 
qualifying for special education programs; 
‘‘(E) underrepresentation in institutions of 
higher education and among adults who have completed 4 or more years of college. 
‘‘(6) The percentage of Native Hawaiian stu-
dents served by the State of Hawaii Department of Education rose 30 percent from 1980 to 2008, and there are and will continue to be geographi-cally rural, isolated areas with a high Native Hawaiian population density. 
‘‘(7) The Native Hawaiian people are deter-
mined to preserve, develop, and transmit to fu-ture generations their ancestral territory and their cultural identity in accordance with their own spiritual and traditional beliefs, customs, practices, language, and social institutions. 
‘‘SEC. 5302. PURPOSES. 
‘‘The purposes of this part are— 
‘‘(1) to authorize, develop, implement, assess, 
and evaluate innovative educational programs, Native Hawaiian language medium programs, Native Hawaiian culture-based education pro-grams, and other education programs to improve the academic achievement of Native Hawaiian students by meeting their unique cultural and language needs in order to help such students meet challenging State student academic achievement standards; ‘‘(2) to provide guidance to appropriate Fed-
eral, State, and local agencies to more effec-tively and efficiently focus resources, including resources made available under this part, on the development and implementation of— 
‘‘(A) innovative educational programs for Na-
tive Hawaiians; 
‘‘(B) rigorous and substantive Native Hawai-
ian language programs; and 
‘‘(C) Native Hawaiian culture-based edu-
cational programs; and 
‘‘(3) to create a system by which information 
from programs funded under this part will be collected, analyzed, evaluated, reported, and used in decisionmaking activities regarding the types of grants awarded under this part. 
‘‘SEC. 5303. NATIVE HAWAIIAN EDUCATION COUN-
CIL GRANT. 
‘‘(a) G RANT AUTHORIZED .—In order to better 
effectuate the purposes of this part through the coordination of educational and related services and programs available to Native Hawaiians, including those programs that receive funding under this part, the Secretary shall award a grant to an education council, as described under subsection (b). 
‘‘(b) E
DUCATION COUNCIL .— 
‘‘(1) E LIGIBILITY .—To be eligible to receive the 
grant under subsection (a), the council shall be an education council (referred to in this section as the ‘Education Council’) that meets the re-quirements of this subsection. 
‘‘(2) C
OMPOSITION .—The Education Council 
shall consist of 15 members of whom— 
‘‘(A) one shall be the President of the Univer-
sity of Hawaii (or a designee); 
‘‘(B) one shall be the Governor of the State of 
Hawaii (or a designee); 
‘‘(C) one shall be the Superintendent of the 
State of Hawaii Department of Education (or a designee); 
‘‘(D) one shall be the chairperson of the Office 
of Hawaiian Affairs (or a designee); 
‘‘(E) one shall be the executive director of Ha-
waii’s Charter School Network (or a designee); 
‘‘(F) one shall be the chief executive officer of 
the Kamehameha Schools (or a designee); 
‘‘(G) one shall be the Chief Executive Officer 
of the Queen Liliuokalani Trust (or a designee); 
‘‘(H) one shall be a member, selected by the 
other members of the Education Council, who represents a private grant-making entity; 
‘‘(I) one shall be the Mayor of the County of 
Hawaii (or a designee); 
‘‘(J) one shall be the Mayor of Maui County 
(or a designee from the Island of Maui); 
‘‘(K) one shall be the Mayor of the County of 
Kauai (or a designee); 
‘‘(L) one shall be appointed by the Mayor of 
Maui County from the Island of either Molokai or Lanai; 
‘‘(M) one shall be the Mayor of the City and 
County of Honolulu (or a designee); 
‘‘(N) one shall be the chairperson of the Ha-
waiian Homes Commission (or a designee); and 
‘‘(O) one shall be the chairperson of the Ha-
waii Workforce Development Council (or a des-ignee representing the private sector). 
‘‘(3) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Any designee serving on 
the Education Council shall demonstrate, as de-termined by the individual who appointed such designee with input from the Native Hawaiian community, not less than 5 years of experience as a consumer or provider of Native Hawaiian education or cultural activities, with traditional cultural experience given due consideration. 
‘‘(4) L
IMITATION .—A member (including a des-
ignee), while serving on the Education Council, shall not be a recipient of grant funds that are awarded under this part. 
‘‘(5) T
ERM OF MEMBERS .—A member who is a 
designee shall serve for a term of not more than 4 years. 
‘‘(6) C
HAIR, VICE CHAIR .— 
‘‘(A) S ELECTION .—The Education Council 
shall select a Chair and a Vice Chair from among the members of the Education Council. 
‘‘(B) T
ERM LIMITS .—The Chair and Vice Chair 
shall each serve for a 2-year term. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.015 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1239 February 26, 2015 
‘‘(7) A DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS RELATING TO  
EDUCATION COUNCIL .—The Education Council 
shall meet at the call of the Chair of the Coun-cil, or upon request by a majority of the mem-bers of the Education Council, but in any event not less often than every 120 days. 
‘‘(8) N
O COMPENSATION .—None of the funds 
made available through the grant may be used to provide compensation to any member of the Education Council or member of a working group established by the Education Council, for functions described in this section. 
‘‘(c) U
SE OF FUNDS FOR COORDINATION AC-
TIVITIES .—The Education Council shall use 
funds made available through the grant to carry out each of the following activities: 
‘‘(1) Providing advice about the coordination, 
and serving as a clearinghouse for, the edu-cational and related services and programs available to Native Hawaiians, including the programs assisted under this part. 
‘‘(2) Assessing the extent to which such serv-
ices and programs meet the needs of Native Ha-waiians, and collecting data on the status of Native Hawaiian education. 
‘‘(3) Providing direction and guidance, 
through the issuance of reports and rec-ommendations, to appropriate Federal, State, and local agencies in order to focus and improve the use of resources, including resources made available under this part, relating to Native Ha-waiian education, and serving, where appro-priate, in an advisory capacity. 
‘‘(4) Awarding grants, if such grants enable 
the Education Council to carry out the activities described in paragraphs (1) through (3). 
‘‘(5) Hiring an executive director who shall as-
sist in executing the duties and powers of the Education Council, as described in subsection (d). 
‘‘(d) U
SE OF FUNDS FOR TECHNICAL ASSIST-
ANCE.—The Education Council shall use funds 
made available through the grant to— 
‘‘(1) provide technical assistance to Native 
Hawaiian organizations that are grantees or po-tential grantees under this part; 
‘‘(2) obtain from such grantees information 
and data regarding grants awarded under this part, including information and data about— 
‘‘(A) the effectiveness of such grantees in 
meeting the educational priorities established by the Education Council, as described in para-graph (6)(D), using metrics related to these pri-orities; and 
‘‘(B) the effectiveness of such grantees in car-
rying out any of the activities described in sec-tion 5304(c) that are related to the specific goals and purposes of each grantee’s grant project, using metrics related to these priorities; 
‘‘(3) assess and define the educational needs 
of Native Hawaiians; 
‘‘(4) assess the programs and services avail-
able to address the educational needs of Native Hawaiians; 
‘‘(5) assess and evaluate the individual and 
aggregate impact achieved by grantees under this part in improving Native Hawaiian edu-cational performance and meeting the goals of this part, using metrics related to these goals; and 
‘‘(6) prepare and submit to the Secretary, at 
the end of each calendar year, an annual report that contains— 
‘‘(A) a description of the activities of the Edu-
cation Council during the calendar year; 
‘‘(B) a description of significant barriers to 
achieving the goals of this part; 
‘‘(C) a summary of each community consulta-
tion session described in subsection (e); and 
‘‘(D) recommendations to establish priorities 
for funding under this part, based on an assess-ment of— 
‘‘(i) the educational needs of Native Hawai-
ians; 
‘‘(ii) programs and services available to ad-
dress such needs; 
‘‘(iii) the effectiveness of programs in improv-
ing the educational performance of Native Ha-waiian students to help such students meet 
challenging State student academic achievement standards; and 
‘‘(iv) priorities for funding in specific geo-
graphic communities. 
‘‘(e) U
SE OF FUNDS FOR COMMUNITY CON-
SULTATIONS .—The Education Council shall use 
funds made available through the grant under subsection (a) to hold not less than one commu-nity consultation each year on each of the is-lands of Hawaii, Maui, Molokai, Lanai, Oahu, and Kauai, at which— 
‘‘(1) not less than three members of the Edu-
cation Council shall be in attendance; 
‘‘(2) the Education Council shall gather com-
munity input regarding— 
‘‘(A) current grantees under this part, as of 
the date of the consultation; 
‘‘(B) priorities and needs of Native Hawai-
ians; and 
‘‘(C) other Native Hawaiian education issues; 
and 
‘‘(3) the Education Council shall report to the 
community on the outcomes of the activities supported by grants awarded under this part. 
‘‘(f) F
UNDING .—For each fiscal year, the Sec-
retary shall use the amount described in section 5305(d)(2), to make a payment under the grant. Funds made available through the grant shall remain available until expended. 
‘‘(g) R
EPORT .—Beginning not later than 2 
years after the date of the enactment of the Stu-dent Success Act, and for each subsequent year, the Secretary shall prepare and submit to the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives, and the Com-mittee on Indian Affairs and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate, a report that— 
‘‘(1) summarizes the annual reports of the 
Education Council; 
‘‘(2) describes the allocation and use of funds 
under this part and the information gathered since the first annual report submitted by the Education Council to the Secretary under this section; and 
‘‘(3) contains recommendations for changes in 
Federal, State, and local policy to advance the purposes of this part. 
‘‘SEC. 5304. GRANT PROGRAM AUTHORIZED. 
‘‘(a) G RANTS AND CONTRACTS .—In order to 
carry out programs that meet the purposes of this part, the Secretary is authorized to award grants to, or enter into contracts with— 
‘‘(1) Native Hawaiian educational organiza-
tions; 
‘‘(2) Native Hawaiian community-based orga-
nizations; 
‘‘(3) public and private nonprofit organiza-
tions, agencies, and institutions with experience in developing or operating Native Hawaiian education and workforce development programs or programs of instruction in the Native Hawai-ian language; 
‘‘(4) charter schools; and ‘‘(5) consortia of the organizations, agencies, 
and institutions described in paragraphs (1) through (4). 
‘‘(b) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants and en-
tering into contracts under this part, the Sec-retary shall give priority to— 
‘‘(1) programs that meet the educational pri-
ority recommendations of the Education Coun-cil, as described under section 5303(d)(6)(D); 
‘‘(2) the repair and renovation of public 
schools that serve high concentrations of Native Hawaiian students; 
‘‘(3) programs designed to improve the aca-
demic achievement of Native Hawaiian students by meeting their unique cultural and language needs in order to help such students meet chal-lenging State student academic achievement standards, including activities relating to— 
‘‘(A) achieving competence in reading, lit-
eracy, mathematics, and science for students in preschool through grade 3; 
‘‘(B) the educational needs of at-risk children 
and youth; ‘‘(C) professional development for teachers 
and administrators; 
‘‘(D) the use of Native Hawaiian language 
and preservation or reclamation of Native Ha-waiian culture-based educational practices; and 
‘‘(E) other programs relating to the activities 
described in this part; and 
‘‘(4) programs in which a local educational 
agency, institution of higher education, or a State educational agency in partnership with a nonprofit entity serving underserved commu-nities within the Native Hawaiian population apply for a grant or contract under this part as part of a partnership or consortium. 
‘‘(c) A
UTHORIZED ACTIVITIES .—Activities pro-
vided through programs carried out under this part may include— 
‘‘(1) the development and maintenance of a 
statewide Native Hawaiian early education and care system to provide a continuum of high- quality early learning services for Native Ha-waiian children from the prenatal period through the age of kindergarten entry; 
‘‘(2) the operation of family-based education 
centers that provide such services as— 
‘‘(A) early care and education programs for 
Native Hawaiians; and 
‘‘(B) research on, and development and as-
sessment of, family-based, early childhood, and preschool programs for Native Hawaiians; 
‘‘(3) activities that enhance beginning reading 
and literacy in either the Hawaiian or the English language among Native Hawaiian stu-dents in kindergarten through grade 3 and as-sistance in addressing the distinct features of combined English and Hawaiian literacy for Hawaiian speakers in grades 5 and 6; 
‘‘(4) activities to meet the special needs of Na-
tive Hawaiian students with disabilities, includ-ing— 
‘‘(A) the identification of such students and 
their needs; 
‘‘(B) the provision of support services to the 
families of such students; and 
‘‘(C) other activities consistent with the re-
quirements of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act; 
‘‘(5) activities that address the special needs 
of Native Hawaiian students who are gifted and talented, including— 
‘‘(A) educational, psychological, and develop-
mental activities designed to assist in the edu-cational progress of such students; and 
‘‘(B) activities that involve the parents of 
such students in a manner designed to assist in the educational progress of such students; 
‘‘(6) the development of academic and voca-
tional curricula to address the needs of Native Hawaiian students, including curricula mate-rials in the Hawaiian language and mathe-matics and science curricula that incorporate Native Hawaiian tradition and culture; 
‘‘(7) professional development activities for 
educators, including— 
‘‘(A) the development of programs to prepare 
prospective teachers to address the unique needs of Native Hawaiian students within the context of Native Hawaiian culture, language, and tra-ditions; 
‘‘(B) in-service programs to improve the ability 
of teachers who teach in schools with high con-centrations of Native Hawaiian students to meet the unique needs of such students; and 
‘‘(C) the recruitment and preparation of Na-
tive Hawaiians, and other individuals who live in communities with a high concentration of Native Hawaiians, to become teachers; 
‘‘(8) the operation of community-based learn-
ing centers that address the needs of Native Ha-waiian students, parents, families, and commu-nities through the coordination of public and private programs and services, including— 
‘‘(A) early education programs; ‘‘(B) before, after, and Summer school pro-
grams, expanded learning time, or weekend academies; 
‘‘(C) career and technical education programs; 
and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.015 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1240 February 26, 2015 
‘‘(D) programs that recognize and support the 
unique cultural and educational needs of Native Hawaiian children, and incorporate appro-priately qualified Native Hawaiian elders and seniors; 
‘‘(9) activities, including program co-location, 
that ensure Native Hawaiian students graduate college and career ready including— 
‘‘(A) family literacy services; ‘‘(B) counseling, guidance, and support serv-
ices for students; and 
‘‘(C) professional development activities de-
signed to help educators improve the college and career readiness of Native Hawaiian students; 
‘‘(10) research and data collection activities to 
determine the educational status and needs of Native Hawaiian children and adults; 
‘‘(11) other research and evaluation activities 
related to programs carried out under this part; and 
‘‘(12) other activities, consistent with the pur-
poses of this part, to meet the educational needs of Native Hawaiian children and adults. 
‘‘(d) A
DDITIONAL ACTIVITIES .—Notwith-
standing any other provision of this part, funds made available to carry out this section as of the day before the date of the enactment of the Student Success Act shall remain available until expended. The Secretary shall use such funds to support the following: 
‘‘(1) The repair and renovation of public 
schools that serve high concentrations of Native Hawaiian students. 
‘‘(2) The perpetuation of, and expansion of 
access to, Hawaiian culture and history through digital archives. 
‘‘(3) Informal education programs that con-
nect traditional Hawaiian knowledge, science, astronomy, and the environment through State museums or learning centers. 
‘‘(4) Public charter schools serving high con-
centrations of Native Hawaiian students. 
‘‘(e) A
DMINISTRATIVE COSTS.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-
graph (2), not more than 5 percent of funds pro-vided to a recipient of a grant or contract under this section for any fiscal year may be used for administrative purposes. 
‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—The Secretary may waive 
the requirement of paragraph (1) for a nonprofit entity that receives funding under this section and allow not more than 10 percent of funds provided to such nonprofit entity under this sec-tion for any fiscal year to be used for adminis-trative purposes. 
‘‘SEC. 5305. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS. 
‘‘(a) A PPLICATION REQUIRED .—No grant may 
be made under this part, and no contract may be entered into under this part, unless the entity seeking the grant or contract submits an appli-cation to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may determine to be necessary to carry out the provisions of this part. 
‘‘(b) D
IRECT GRANT APPLICATIONS .—The Sec-
retary shall provide a copy of all direct grant applications to the Education Council. 
‘‘(c) S
UPPLEMENT NOTSUPPLANT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-
graph (2), funds made available under this part shall be used to supplement, and not supplant, any State or local funds used to achieve the purposes of this part. 
‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—Paragraph (1) shall not 
apply to any nonprofit entity or Native Hawai-ian community-based organization that receives a grant or other funds under this part. 
‘‘(d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—There are authorized to be 
appropriated to carry out this part $34,181,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
‘‘(2) R
ESERVATION .—Of the funds appro-
priated under this subsection, the Secretary shall reserve, for each fiscal year after the date of the enactment of the Student Success Act not less than $500,000 for the grant to the Education Council under section 5303. ‘‘(3) A
VAILABILITY .—Funds appropriated 
under this subsection shall remain available until expended.’’. 
TITLE VI—GENERAL PROVISIONS FOR THE 
ACT 
SEC. 601. GENERAL PROVISIONS FOR THE ACT. 
(a) A MENDING TITLE VI.—Title VI (20 U.S.C. 
7301 et seq.) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘TITLE VI—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
‘‘PART A—DEFINITIONS 
‘‘SEC. 6101. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘Except as otherwise provided, in this Act: 
‘‘(1) A VERAGE DAILY ATTENDANCE .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided other-
wise by State law or this paragraph, the term ‘average daily attendance’ means— 
‘‘(i) the aggregate number of days of attend-
ance of all students during a school year; di-vided by 
‘‘(ii) the number of days school is in session 
during that year. 
‘‘(B) C
ONVERSION .—The Secretary shall permit 
the conversion of average daily membership (or other similar data) to average daily attendance for local educational agencies in States that provide State aid to local educational agencies on the basis of average daily membership (or other similar data). 
‘‘(C) S
PECIAL RULE .—If the local educational 
agency in which a child resides makes a tuition or other payment for the free public education of the child in a school located in another school district, the Secretary shall, for the pur-pose of this Act— 
‘‘(i) consider the child to be in attendance at 
a school of the agency making the payment; and 
‘‘(ii) not consider the child to be in attendance 
at a school of the agency receiving the payment. 
‘‘(D) C
HILDREN WITH DISABILITIES .—If a local 
educational agency makes a tuition payment to a private school or to a public school of another local educational agency for a child with a dis-ability, as defined in section 602 of the Individ-uals with Disabilities Education Act, the Sec-retary shall, for the purpose of this Act, con-sider the child to be in attendance at a school of the agency making the payment. 
‘‘(2) A
VERAGE PER -PUPIL EXPENDITURE .—The 
term ‘average per-pupil expenditure’ means, in the case of a State or of the United States— 
‘‘(A) without regard to the source of funds— ‘‘(i) the aggregate current expenditures, dur-
ing the third fiscal year preceding the fiscal year for which the determination is made (or, if satisfactory data for that year are not available, during the most recent preceding fiscal year for which satisfactory data are available) of all local educational agencies in the State or, in the case of the United States, for all States (which, for the purpose of this paragraph, means the 50 States and the District of Columbia); plus 
‘‘(ii) any direct current expenditures by the 
State for the operation of those agencies; di-vided by 
‘‘(B) the aggregate number of children in av-
erage daily attendance to whom those agencies provided free public education during that pre-ceding year. 
‘‘(3) C
HARTER SCHOOL .—The term ‘charter 
school’ means a public school that— 
‘‘(A) in accordance with a specific State stat-
ute authorizing the granting of charters to schools, is exempt from significant State or local rules that inhibit the flexible operation and management of public schools, but not from any rules relating to the other requirements of this paragraph; 
‘‘(B) is created by a developer as a public 
school, or is adapted by a developer from an ex-isting public school, and is operated under pub-lic supervision and direction; 
‘‘(C) operates in pursuit of a specific set of 
educational objectives determined by the school’s developer and agreed to by the author-ized public chartering agency; 
‘‘(D) provides a program of elementary or sec-
ondary education, or both; ‘‘(E) is nonsectarian in its programs, admis-
sions policies, employment practices, and all other operations, and is not affiliated with a sectarian school or religious institution; 
‘‘(F) does not charge tuition; ‘‘(G) complies with the Age Discrimination Act 
of 1975, title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972, section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, part B of the Individuals with Disabilities Edu-cation Act, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq.), and section 444 of the General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232(g)) (commonly known as the ‘Family Education Rights and Privacy Act of 1974’); 
‘‘(H) is a school to which parents choose to 
send their children, and admits students on the basis of a lottery if more students apply for ad-mission than can be accommodated, except that in cases in which students who are enrolled in a charter school affiliated (such as by sharing a network) with another charter school, those stu-dents may be automatically enrolled in the next grade level at such other charter school, so long as a lottery is used to fill seats created through regular attrition in student enrollment; 
‘‘(I) agrees to comply with the same Federal 
and State audit requirements as do other ele-mentary schools and secondary schools in the State, unless such State audit requirements are waived by the State; 
‘‘(J) meets all applicable Federal, State, and 
local health and safety requirements; 
‘‘(K) operates in accordance with State law; ‘‘(L) has a written performance contract with 
the authorized public chartering agency in the State that includes a description of how student performance will be measured in charter schools pursuant to State assessments that are required of other schools and pursuant to any other as-sessments mutually agreeable to the authorized public chartering agency and the charter school; and 
‘‘(M) may serve prekindergarten or postsec-
ondary students. 
‘‘(4) C
HILD.—The term ‘child’ means any per-
son within the age limits for which the State provides free public education. 
‘‘(5) C
HILD WITH A DISABILITY .—The term 
‘child with a disability’ has the same meaning given that term in section 602 of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act. 
‘‘(6) C
OMMUNITY -BASED ORGANIZATION .—The 
term ‘community-based organization’ means a public or private nonprofit organization of dem-onstrated effectiveness that— 
‘‘(A) is representative of a community or sig-
nificant segments of a community; and 
‘‘(B) provides educational or related services 
to individuals in the community. 
‘‘(7) C
ONSOLIDATED LOCAL APPLICATION .—The 
term ‘consolidated local application’ means an application submitted by a local educational agency pursuant to section 6305. 
‘‘(8) C
ONSOLIDATED LOCAL PLAN .—The term 
‘consolidated local plan’ means a plan sub-mitted by a local educational agency pursuant to section 6305. 
‘‘(9) C
ONSOLIDATED STATE APPLICATION .—The 
term ‘consolidated State application’ means an application submitted by a State educational agency pursuant to section 6302. 
‘‘(10) C
ONSOLIDATED STATE PLAN .—The term 
‘consolidated State plan’ means a plan sub-mitted by a State educational agency pursuant to section 6302. 
‘‘(11) C
OUNTY .—The term ‘county’ means one 
of the divisions of a State used by the Secretary of Commerce in compiling and reporting data re-garding counties. 
‘‘(12) C
OVERED PROGRAM .—The term ‘covered 
program’ means each of the programs author-ized by— 
‘‘(A) part A of title I; ‘‘(B) title II; and ‘‘(C) part B of title III. ‘‘(13) C
URRENT EXPENDITURES .—The term ‘cur-
rent expenditures’ means expenditures for free public education— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.015 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1241 February 26, 2015 
‘‘(A) including expenditures for administra-
tion, instruction, attendance and health serv-ices, pupil transportation services, operation and maintenance of plant, fixed charges, and net expenditures to cover deficits for food serv-ices and student body activities; but 
‘‘(B) not including expenditures for commu-
nity services, capital outlay, and debt service, or any expenditures made from funds received under title I. 
‘‘(14) D
EPARTMENT .—The term ‘Department’ 
means the Department of Education. 
‘‘(15) D IRECT STUDENT SERVICES .—The term 
‘direct student services’ means public school choice or high-quality academic tutoring that are designed to help increase academic achieve-ment for students. 
‘‘(16) D
ISTANCE EDUCATION .—The term ‘dis-
tance education’ means the use of one or more technologies to deliver instruction to students who are separated from the instructor and to support regular and substantive interaction be-tween the students and the instructor syn-chronously or nonsynchronously. 
‘‘(17) E
DUCATIONAL SERVICE AGENCY .—The 
term ‘educational service agency’ means a re-gional public multiservice agency authorized by State statute to develop, manage, and provide services or programs to local educational agen-cies. 
‘‘(18) E
LEMENTARY SCHOOL .—The term ‘ele-
mentary school’ means a nonprofit institutional day or residential school, including a public ele-mentary charter school, that provides elemen-tary education, as determined under State law. 
‘‘(19) E
NGLISH LEARNER .—The term ‘English 
learner’, when used with respect to an indi-vidual, means an individual— 
‘‘(A) who is aged 3 through 21; ‘‘(B) who is enrolled or preparing to enroll in 
an elementary school or secondary school; 
‘‘(C)(i) who was not born in the United States 
or whose native language is a language other than English; 
‘‘(ii)(I) who is a Native American or Alaska 
Native, or a native resident of the outlying areas; and 
‘‘(II) who comes from an environment where a 
language other than English has had a signifi-cant impact on the individual’s level of English language proficiency; or 
‘‘(iii) who is migratory, whose native lan-
guage is a language other than English, and who comes from an environment where a lan-guage other than English is dominant; and 
‘‘(D) whose difficulties in speaking, reading, 
writing, or understanding the English language may be sufficient to deny the individual— 
‘‘(i) the ability to meet the State’s academic 
standards described in section 1111; 
‘‘(ii) the ability to successfully achieve in 
classrooms where the language of instruction is English; or 
‘‘(iii) the opportunity to participate fully in 
society. 
‘‘(20) E
XTENDED -YEAR ADJUSTED COHORT  
GRADUATION RATE .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘extended-year 
adjusted cohort graduation rate’ means the ratio where— 
‘‘(i) the denominator consists of the number of 
students who form the original cohort of enter-ing first-time 9th grade students enrolled in the high school no later than the effective date for student membership data submitted annually by State educational agencies to the National Cen-ter for Education Statistics under section 153 of the Education Sciences Reform Act, adjusted by— 
‘‘(I) adding the students who joined that co-
hort, after the time of the determination of the original cohort; and 
‘‘(II) subtracting only those students who left 
that cohort, after the time of the determination of the original cohort, as described in subpara-graph (B); and 
‘‘(ii) the numerator consists of the number of 
students in the cohort, as adjusted under clause (i), who earned a regular high school diploma 
before, during, or at the conclusion of— 
‘‘(I) one or more additional years beyond the 
fourth year of high school; or 
‘‘(II) a summer session immediately following 
the additional year of high school. 
‘‘(B) C
OHORT REMOVAL .—To remove a student 
from a cohort, a school or local educational agency shall require documentation to confirm that the student has transferred out, emigrated to another country, transferred to a prison or juvenile facility, or is deceased. 
‘‘(C) T
RANSFERRED OUT .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—For purposes of this para-
graph, the term ‘transferred out’ means a stu-dent who the high school or local educational agency has confirmed, according to clause (ii), has transferred— 
‘‘(I) to another school from which the student 
is expected to receive a regular high school di-ploma; or 
‘‘(II) to another educational program from 
which the student is expected to receive a reg-ular high school diploma. 
‘‘(ii) C
ONFIRMATION REQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(I) D OCUMENTATION REQUIRED .—The con-
firmation of a student’s transfer to another school or educational program described in clause (i) requires documentation from the re-ceiving school or program that the student en-rolled in the receiving school or program. 
‘‘(II) L
ACK OF CONFIRMATION .—A student who 
was enrolled, but for whom there is no con-firmation of the student having transferred out, shall remain in the denominator of the ex-tended-year adjusted cohort. 
‘‘(iii) P
ROGRAMS NOT PROVIDING CREDIT .—A 
student who is retained in grade or who is en-rolled in a GED or other alternative educational program that does not issue or provide credit to-ward the issuance of a regular high school di-ploma shall not be considered transferred out and shall remain in the extended-year adjusted cohort. 
‘‘(D) S
PECIAL RULE .—For those high schools 
that start after grade 9, the original cohort shall be calculated for the earliest high school grade students attend no later than the effective date for student membership data submitted annually by State educational agencies to the National Center for Education Statistics pursuant to sec-tion 153 of the Education Sciences Reform Act. 
‘‘(21) F
AMILY LITERACY SERVICES .—The term 
‘family literacy services’ means services provided to participants on a voluntary basis that are of sufficient intensity in terms of hours, and of sufficient duration, to make sustainable changes in a family, and that integrate all of the fol-lowing activities: 
‘‘(A) Interactive literacy activities between 
parents and their children. 
‘‘(B) Training for parents regarding how to be 
the primary teacher for their children and full partners in the education of their children. 
‘‘(C) Parent literacy training that leads to 
economic self-sufficiency. 
‘‘(D) An age-appropriate education to prepare 
children for success in school and life experi-ences. 
‘‘(22) F
OUR-YEAR ADJUSTED COHORT GRADUA -
TION RATE .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘four-year ad-
justed cohort graduation rate’ means the ratio where— 
‘‘(i) the denominator consists of the number of 
students who form the original cohort of enter-ing first-time 9th grade students enrolled in the high school no later than the effective date for student membership data submitted annually by State educational agencies to the National Cen-ter for Education Statistics pursuant to section 153 of the Education Sciences Reform Act, ad-justed by— 
‘‘(I) adding the students who joined that co-
hort, after the time of the determination of the original cohort; and 
‘‘(II) subtracting only those students who left 
that cohort, after the time of the determination of the original cohort, as described in subpara-
graph (B); and 
‘‘(ii) the numerator consists of the number of 
students in the cohort, as adjusted under clause (i), who earned a regular high school diploma before, during, or at the conclusion of— 
‘‘(I) the fourth year of high school; or ‘‘(II) a summer session immediately following 
the fourth year of high school. 
‘‘(B) C
OHORT REMOVAL .—To remove a student 
from a cohort, a school or local educational agency shall require documentation to confirm that the student has transferred out, emigrated to another country, transferred to a prison or juvenile facility, or is deceased. 
‘‘(C) T
RANSFERRED OUT .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—For purposes of this para-
graph, the term ‘transferred out’ means a stu-dent who the high school or local educational agency has confirmed, according to clause (ii), has transferred— 
‘‘(I) to another school from which the student 
is expected to receive a regular high school di-ploma; or 
‘‘(II) to another educational program from 
which the student is expected to receive a reg-ular high school diploma. 
‘‘(ii) C
ONFIRMATION REQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(I) D OCUMENTATION REQUIRED .—The con-
firmation of a student’s transfer to another school or educational program described in clause (i) requires documentation from the re-ceiving school or program that the student en-rolled in the receiving school or program. 
‘‘(II) L
ACK OF CONFIRMATION .—A student who 
was enrolled, but for whom there is no con-firmation of the student having transferred out, shall remain in the adjusted cohort. 
‘‘(iii) P
ROGRAMS NOT PROVIDING CREDIT .—A 
student who is retained in grade or who is en-rolled in a GED or other alternative educational program that does not issue or provide credit to-ward the issuance of a regular high school di-ploma shall not be considered transferred out and shall remain in the adjusted cohort. 
‘‘(D) S
PECIAL RULE .—For those high schools 
that start after grade 9, the original cohort shall be calculated for the earliest high school grade students attend no later than the effective date for student membership data submitted annually by State educational agencies to the National Center for Education Statistics pursuant to sec-tion 153 of the Education Sciences Reform Act. 
‘‘(23) F
REE PUBLIC EDUCATION .—The term ‘free 
public education’ means education that is pro-vided— 
‘‘(A) at public expense, under public super-
vision and direction, and without tuition charge; and 
‘‘(B) as elementary school or secondary school 
education as determined under applicable State law, except that the term does not include any education provided beyond grade 12. 
‘‘(24) G
IFTED AND TALENTED .—The term ‘gifted 
and talented’, when used with respect to stu-dents, children, or youth, means students, chil-dren, or youth who give evidence of high achievement capability in areas such as intellec-tual, creative, artistic, or leadership capacity, or in specific academic fields, and who need serv-ices or activities not ordinarily provided by the school in order to fully develop those capabili-ties. 
‘‘(25) H
IGH-QUALITY ACADEMIC TUTORING .— 
The term ‘high-quality academic tutoring’ means supplemental academic services that— 
‘‘(A) are in addition to instruction provided 
during the school day; 
‘‘(B) are provided by a non-governmental en-
tity or local educational agency that— 
‘‘(i) is included on a State educational agency 
approved provider list after demonstrating to the State educational agency that its program consistently improves the academic achievement of students; and 
‘‘(ii) agrees to provide parents of children re-
ceiving high-quality academic tutoring, the ap-propriate local educational agency, and school 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.015 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1242 February 26, 2015 
with information on participating students in-
creases in academic achievement, in a format, and to the extent practicable, a language that such parent can understand, and in a manner that protects the privacy of individuals con-sistent with section 444 of the General Edu-cation Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g); 
‘‘(C) are selected by the parents of students 
who are identified by the local educational agency as being eligible for such services from among providers on the approved provider list described in subparagraph (B)(i); 
‘‘(D) meet all applicable Federal, State, and 
local health, safety, and civil rights laws; and 
‘‘(E) ensure that all instruction and content 
are secular, neutral, and non-ideological. 
‘‘(26) H
IGH SCHOOL .—The term ‘high school’ 
means a secondary school that— 
‘‘(A) grants a diploma, as defined by the 
State; and 
‘‘(B) includes, at least, grade 12. ‘‘(27) I
NSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .— 
The term ‘institution of higher education’ has the meaning given that term in section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965. 
‘‘(28) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘local edu-
cational agency’ means a public board of edu-cation or other public authority legally con-stituted within a State for either administrative control or direction of, or to perform a service function for, public elementary schools or sec-ondary schools in a city, county, township, school district, or other political subdivision of a State, or of or for a combination of school dis-tricts or counties that is recognized in a State as an administrative agency for its public elemen-tary schools or secondary schools. 
‘‘(B) A
DMINISTRATIVE CONTROL AND DIREC -
TION.—The term includes any other public insti-
tution or agency having administrative control and direction of a public elementary school or secondary school. 
‘‘(C) BIE 
SCHOOLS .—The term includes an ele-
mentary school or secondary school funded by the Bureau of Indian Education but only to the extent that including the school makes the school eligible for programs for which specific eligibility is not provided to the school in an-other provision of law and the school does not have a student population that is smaller than the student population of the local educational agency receiving assistance under this Act with the smallest student population, except that the school shall not be subject to the jurisdiction of any State educational agency other than the Bureau of Indian Education. 
‘‘(D) E
DUCATIONAL SERVICE AGENCIES .—The 
term includes educational service agencies and consortia of those agencies. 
‘‘(E) S
TATE EDUCATIONAL AGENCY .—The term 
includes the State educational agency in a State in which the State educational agency is the sole educational agency for all public schools. 
‘‘(29) N
ATIVE AMERICAN AND NATIVE AMERICAN  
LANGUAGE .—The terms ‘Native American’ and 
‘Native American language’ have the same meaning given those terms in section 103 of the Native American Languages Act of 1990. 
‘‘(30) O
THER STAFF .—The term ‘other staff’ 
means specialized instructional support per-sonnel, librarians, career guidance and coun-seling personnel, education aides, and other in-structional and administrative personnel. 
‘‘(31) O
UTLYING AREA .—The term ‘outlying 
area’— 
‘‘(A) means American Samoa, the Common-
wealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, Guam, and the United States Virgin Islands; 
‘‘(B) means the Republic of Palau, to the ex-
tent permitted under section 105(f)(1)(B)(ix) of the Compact of Free Association Amendments Act of 2003 (Public Law 99–658; 117 Stat. 2751) and until an agreement for the extension of United States education assistance under the Compact of Free Association becomes effective for the Republic of Palau; and 
‘‘(C) for the purpose of any discretionary 
grant program under this Act, includes the Re-public of the Marshall Islands and the Fed-
erated States of Micronesia, to the extent per-mitted under section 105(f)(1)(B)(viii) of the Compact of Free Association Amendments Act of 2003 (Public Law 108–188; 117 Stat. 2751). 
‘‘(32) P
ARENT .—The term ‘parent’ includes a 
legal guardian or other person standing in loco parentis (such as a grandparent, stepparent, or foster parent with whom the child lives, or a person who is legally responsible for the child’s welfare). 
‘‘(33) P
ARENTAL INVOLVEMENT .—The term ‘pa-
rental involvement’ means the participation of parents in regular, two-way, and meaningful communication involving student academic learning and other school activities, including ensuring— 
‘‘(A) that parents play an integral role in as-
sisting in their child’s learning; 
‘‘(B) that parents are encouraged to be ac-
tively involved in their child’s education at school; 
‘‘(C) that parents are full partners in their 
child’s education and are included, as appro-priate, in decisionmaking and on advisory com-mittees to assist in the education of their child; and 
‘‘(D) the carrying out of other activities, such 
as those described in section 1118. 
‘‘(34) P
OVERTY LINE .—The term ‘poverty line’ 
means the poverty line (as defined by the Office of Management and Budget and revised annu-ally in accordance with section 673(2) of the Community Services Block Grant Act) applicable to a family of the size involved. 
‘‘(35) P
ROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT .—The term 
‘professional development’— 
‘‘(A) includes evidence-based, job-embedded, 
continuous activities that— 
‘‘(i) improve and increase teachers’ knowledge 
of the academic subjects the teachers teach, and enable teachers to become effective educators; 
‘‘(ii) are an integral part of broad schoolwide 
and districtwide educational improvement plans; 
‘‘(iii) give teachers, school leaders, other staff, 
and administrators the knowledge and skills to provide students with the opportunity to meet State academic standards; 
‘‘(iv) improve classroom management skills; ‘‘(v)(I) have a positive and lasting impact on 
classroom instruction and the teacher’s perform-ance in the classroom; and 
‘‘(II) are not 1-day or short-term workshops or 
conferences; 
‘‘(vi) support the recruiting, hiring, and train-
ing of effective teachers, including teachers who became certified or licensed through State and local alternative routes to certification; 
‘‘(vii) advance teacher understanding of effec-
tive instructional strategies that are strategies for improving student academic achievement or substantially increasing the knowledge and teaching skills of teachers, including through addressing the social and emotional develop-ment needs of students; 
‘‘(viii) are aligned with and directly related 
to— 
‘‘(I) State academic standards and assess-
ments; and 
‘‘(II) the curricula and programs tied to the 
standards described in subclause (I); 
‘‘(ix) are developed with extensive participa-
tion of teachers, school leaders, parents, and administrators of schools to be served under this Act; 
‘‘(x) are designed to give teachers of English 
learners and other teachers and instructional staff, the knowledge and skills to provide in-struction and appropriate language and aca-demic support services to those children, includ-ing the appropriate use of curricula and assess-ments; 
‘‘(xi) to the extent appropriate, provide train-
ing for teachers, other staff, and school leaders in the use of technology so that technology and technology applications are effectively used to improve teaching and learning in the curricula and core academic subjects in which the stu-
dents receive instruction; 
‘‘(xii) as a whole, are regularly evaluated for 
their impact on increased teacher effectiveness and improved student academic achievement, with the findings of the evaluations used to im-prove the quality of the professional develop-ment; 
‘‘(xiii) provide instruction in methods of 
teaching children with special needs; 
‘‘(xiv) include instruction in the use of data 
and assessments to inform and instruct class-room practice; and 
‘‘(xv) include instruction in ways that teach-
ers, school leaders, specialized instructional support personnel, other staff, and school ad-ministrators may work more effectively with parents; and 
‘‘(B) may include evidence-based, job-embed-
ded, continuous activities that— 
‘‘(i) involve the forming of partnerships with 
institutions of higher education to establish school-based teacher training programs that provide prospective teachers and new teachers with an opportunity to work under the guid-ance of experienced teachers and college fac-ulty; 
‘‘(ii) create programs to enable paraprofes-
sionals (assisting teachers employed by a local educational agency receiving assistance under subpart 1 of part A of title I) to obtain the edu-cation necessary for those paraprofessionals to become certified and licensed teachers; and 
‘‘(iii) provide follow-up training to individuals 
who have participated in activities described in subparagraph (A) or another clause of this sub-paragraph that are designed to ensure that the knowledge and skills learned by the teachers are implemented in the classroom. 
‘‘(36) R
EGULAR HIGH SCHOOL DIPLOMA .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘regular high 
school diploma’ means the standard high school diploma awarded to the preponderance of stu-dents in the State that is fully aligned with State standards, or a higher diploma. Such term shall not include a GED or other recognized equivalent of a diploma, a certificate of attend-ance, or any lesser diploma award. 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION FOR STUDENTS WITH SIGNIFI -
CANT COGNITIVE DISABILITIES .—For a student 
who is assessed using an alternate assessment aligned to alternate academic standards under section 1111(b)(1)(D), receipt of a regular high school diploma as defined under subparagraph (A) or a State-defined alternate diploma ob-tained within the time period for which the State ensures the availability of a free appro-priate public education and in accordance with section 612(a)(1) of the Individuals with Disabil-ities Education Act shall be counted as grad-uating with a regular high school diploma for the purposes of this Act. 
‘‘(37) S
CHOOL LEADER .—The term ‘school lead-
er’ means a principal, assistant principal, or other individual who is— 
‘‘(A) an employee or officer of a school, local 
educational agency, or other entity operating the school; and 
‘‘(B) responsible for— ‘‘(i) the daily instructional leadership and 
managerial operations of the school; and 
‘‘(ii) creating the optimum conditions for stu-
dent learning. 
‘‘(38) S
ECONDARY SCHOOL .—The term ‘sec-
ondary school’ means a nonprofit institutional day or residential school, including a public sec-ondary charter school, that provides secondary education, as determined under State law, ex-cept that the term does not include any edu-cation beyond grade 12. 
‘‘(39) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘Secretary’ means 
the Secretary of Education. 
‘‘(40) S PECIALIZED INSTRUCTIONAL SUPPORT  
PERSONNEL ; SPECIALIZED INSTRUCTIONAL SUP -
PORT SERVICES .— 
‘‘(A) S PECIALIZED INSTRUCTIONAL SUPPORT  
PERSONNEL .—The term ‘specialized instructional 
support personnel’ means school counselors, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.015 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1243 February 26, 2015 
school social workers, school psychologists, and 
other qualified professional personnel involved in providing assessment, diagnosis, counseling, educational, therapeutic, and other necessary services (including related services as that term is defined in section 602 of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act) as part of a com-prehensive program to meet student needs. 
‘‘(B) S
PECIALIZED INSTRUCTIONAL SUPPORT  
SERVICES .—The term ‘specialized instructional 
support services’ means the services provided by specialized instructional support personnel. 
‘‘(41) S
TATE.—The term ‘State’ means each of 
the 50 States, the District of Columbia, the Com-monwealth of Puerto Rico, and each of the out-lying areas. 
‘‘(42) S
TATE EDUCATIONAL AGENCY .—The term 
‘State educational agency’ means the agency primarily responsible for the State supervision of public elementary schools and secondary schools. 
‘‘(43) T
ECHNOLOGY .—The term ‘technology’ 
means modern information, computer and com-munication technology products, services, or tools, including, but not limited to, the Internet and other communications networks, computer devices and other computer and communications hardware, software applications, data systems, and other electronic content and data storage. 
‘‘SEC. 6102. APPLICABILITY OF TITLE. 
‘‘Parts B, C, D, and E of this title do not 
apply to title IV of this Act. 
‘‘SEC. 6103. APPLICABILITY TO BUREAU OF IN-
DIAN EDUCATION OPERATED SCHOOLS. 
‘‘For the purpose of any competitive program 
under this Act— 
‘‘(1) a consortium of schools operated by the 
Bureau of Indian Education; 
‘‘(2) a school operated under a contract or 
grant with the Bureau of Indian Education in consortium with another contract or grant school or a tribal or community organization; or 
‘‘(3) a Bureau of Indian Education school in 
consortium with an institution of higher edu-cation, a contract or grant school, or a tribal or community organization, 
shall be given the same consideration as a local 
educational agency. 
‘‘PART B—FLEXIBILITY IN THE USE OF 
ADMINISTRATIVE AND OTHER FUNDS 
‘‘SEC. 6201. CONSOLIDATION OF STATE ADMINIS-
TRATIVE FUNDS FOR ELEMENTARY AND SECONDARY EDUCATION PRO-GRAMS. 
‘‘(a) C ONSOLIDATION OF ADMINISTRATIVE  
FUNDS.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State educational agency 
may consolidate the amounts specifically made available to it for State administration under one or more of the programs under paragraph (2). 
‘‘(2) A
PPLICABILITY .—This section applies to 
any program under this Act under which funds are authorized to be used for administration, and such other programs as the Secretary may designate. 
‘‘(b) U
SE OF FUNDS.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State educational agency 
shall use the amount available under this sec-tion for the administration of the programs in-cluded in the consolidation under subsection (a). 
‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL USES .—A State educational 
agency may also use funds available under this section for administrative activities designed to enhance the effective and coordinated use of funds under programs included in the consoli-dation under subsection (a), such as— 
‘‘(A) the coordination of those programs with 
other Federal and non-Federal programs; 
‘‘(B) the establishment and operation of peer- 
review mechanisms under this Act; 
‘‘(C) the administration of this title; ‘‘(D) the dissemination of information regard-
ing model programs and practices; 
‘‘(E) technical assistance under any program 
under this Act; ‘‘(F) State-level activities designed to carry 
out this title; 
‘‘(G) training personnel engaged in audit and 
other monitoring activities; and 
‘‘(H) implementation of the Cooperative Audit 
Resolution and Oversight Initiative of the De-partment. 
‘‘(c) R
ECORDS .—A State educational agency 
that consolidates administrative funds under this section shall not be required to keep sepa-rate records, by individual program, to account for costs relating to the administration of pro-grams included in the consolidation under sub-section (a). 
‘‘(d) R
EVIEW .—To determine the effectiveness 
of State administration under this section, the Secretary may periodically review the perform-ance of State educational agencies in using con-solidated administrative funds under this sec-tion and take such steps as the Secretary finds appropriate to ensure the effectiveness of that administration. 
‘‘(e) U
NUSED ADMINISTRATIVE FUNDS.—If a 
State educational agency does not use all of the funds available to the agency under this section for administration, the agency may use those funds during the applicable period of avail-ability as funds available under one or more programs included in the consolidation under subsection (a). 
‘‘(f) C
ONSOLIDATION OF FUNDS FOR STANDARDS  
AND ASSESSMENT DEVELOPMENT .—In order to 
develop State academic standards and assess-ments, a State educational agency may consoli-date the amounts described in subsection (a) for those purposes under title I. 
‘‘SEC. 6202. SINGLE LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGEN-
CY STATES. 
‘‘A State educational agency that also serves 
as a local educational agency shall, in its appli-cations or plans under this Act, describe how the agency will eliminate duplication in con-ducting administrative functions. 
‘‘SEC. 6203. CONSOLIDATION OF FUNDS FOR 
LOCAL ADMINISTRATION. 
‘‘(a) G ENERAL AUTHORITY .—In accordance 
with regulations of the Secretary and for any fiscal year, a local educational agency, with the approval of its State educational agency, may consolidate and use for the administration of one or more programs under this Act (or such other programs as the Secretary shall designate) not more than the percentage, established in each program, of the total available for the local educational agency under those programs. 
‘‘(b) S
TATE PROCEDURES .—A State educational 
agency shall, in collaboration with local edu-cational agencies in the State, establish proce-dures for responding to requests from local edu-cational agencies to consolidate administrative funds under subsection (a) and for establishing limitations on the amount of funds under those programs that may be used for administration on a consolidated basis. 
‘‘(c) C
ONDITIONS .—A local educational agency 
that consolidates administrative funds under this section for any fiscal year shall not use any other funds under the programs included in the consolidation for administration for that fiscal year. 
‘‘(d) U
SES OF ADMINISTRATIVE FUNDS.—A 
local educational agency that consolidates ad-ministrative funds under this section may use the consolidated funds for the administration of the programs and for uses, at the school district and school levels, comparable to those described in section 6201(b)(2). 
‘‘(e) R
ECORDS .—A local educational agency 
that consolidates administrative funds under this section shall not be required to keep sepa-rate records, by individual program, to account for costs relating to the administration of the programs included in the consolidation. 
‘‘SEC. 6204. CONSOLIDATED SET-ASIDE FOR DE-
PARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR FUNDS. 
‘‘(a) G ENERAL AUTHORITY .— ‘‘(1) T RANSFER .—The Secretary shall transfer 
to the Department of the Interior, as a consoli-dated amount for covered programs, the Indian education programs under part A of title V, and the education for homeless children and youth program under subtitle B of title VII of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act, the amounts allotted to the Department of the Inte-rior under those programs. 
‘‘(2) A
GREEMENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary and the Sec-
retary of the Interior shall enter into an agree-ment, consistent with the requirements of the programs specified in paragraph (1), for the dis-tribution and use of those program funds under terms that the Secretary determines best meet the purposes of those programs. 
‘‘(B) C
ONTENTS .—The agreement shall— 
‘‘(i) set forth the plans of the Secretary of the 
Interior for the use of the amount transferred and the achievement measures to assess program effectiveness; and 
‘‘(ii) be developed in consultation with Indian 
tribes. 
‘‘(b) A
DMINISTRATION .—The Department of 
the Interior may use not more than 1.5 percent of the funds consolidated under this section for its costs related to the administration of the funds transferred under this section. 
‘‘PART C—COORDINATION OF PROGRAMS; 
CONSOLIDATED STATE AND LOCAL PLANS AND APPLICATIONS 
‘‘SEC. 6301. PURPOSES. 
‘‘The purposes of this part are— 
‘‘(1) to improve teaching and learning by en-
couraging greater cross-program coordination, planning, and service delivery; 
‘‘(2) to provide greater flexibility to State and 
local authorities through consolidated plans, applications, and reporting; and 
‘‘(3) to enhance the integration of programs 
under this Act with State and local programs. 
‘‘SEC. 6302. OPTIONAL CONSOLIDATED STATE 
PLANS OR APPLICATIONS. 
‘‘(a) G ENERAL AUTHORITY .— 
‘‘(1) S IMPLIFICATION .—In order to simplify ap-
plication requirements and reduce the burden for State educational agencies under this Act, the Secretary, in accordance with subsection (b), shall establish procedures and criteria under which, after consultation with the Gov-ernor, a State educational agency may submit a consolidated State plan or a consolidated State application meeting the requirements of this sec-tion for— 
‘‘(A) each of the covered programs in which 
the State participates; and 
‘‘(B) such other programs as the Secretary 
may designate. 
‘‘(2) C
ONSOLIDATED APPLICATIONS AND  
PLANS .—After consultation with the Governor, a 
State educational agency that submits a consoli-dated State plan or a consolidated State appli-cation under this section shall not be required to submit separate State plans or applications under any of the programs to which the consoli-dated State plan or consolidated State applica-tion under this section applies. 
‘‘(b) C
OLLABORATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In establishing criteria and 
procedures under this section, the Secretary shall collaborate with State educational agen-cies and, as appropriate, with other State agen-cies, local educational agencies, public and pri-vate agencies, organizations, and institutions, private schools, and parents, students, and teachers. 
‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—Through the collaborative 
process described in paragraph (1), the Sec-retary shall establish, for each program under this Act to which this section applies, the de-scriptions, information, assurances, and other material required to be included in a consoli-dated State plan or consolidated State applica-tion. 
‘‘(3) N
ECESSARY MATERIALS .—The Secretary 
shall require only descriptions, information, as-surances (including assurances of compliance 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.015 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1244 February 26, 2015 
with applicable provisions regarding participa-
tion by private school children and teachers), and other materials that are absolutely nec-essary for the consideration of the consolidated State plan or consolidated State application. 
‘‘SEC. 6303. CONSOLIDATED REPORTING. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In order to simplify report-
ing requirements and reduce reporting burdens, the Secretary shall establish procedures and cri-teria under which a State educational agency, in consultation with the Governor of the State, may submit a consolidated State annual report. 
‘‘(b) C
ONTENTS .—The report shall contain in-
formation about the programs included in the report, including the performance of the State under those programs, and other matters as the Secretary determines are necessary, such as monitoring activities. 
‘‘(c) R
EPLACEMENT .—The report shall replace 
separate individual annual reports for the pro-grams included in the consolidated State annual report. 
‘‘SEC. 6304. GENERAL APPLICABILITY OF STATE 
EDUCATIONAL AGENCY ASSUR-ANCES. 
‘‘(a) A SSURANCES .—A State educational agen-
cy, in consultation with the Governor of the State, that submits a consolidated State plan or consolidated State application under this Act, whether separately or under section 6302, shall have on file with the Secretary a single set of assurances, applicable to each program for which the plan or application is submitted, that provides that— 
‘‘(1) each such program will be administered 
in accordance with all applicable statutes, regu-lations, program plans, and applications; 
‘‘(2)(A) the control of funds provided under 
each such program and title to property ac-quired with program funds will be in a public agency, an eligible private agency, institution, or organization, or an Indian tribe, if the law authorizing the program provides for assistance to those entities; and 
‘‘(B) the public agency, eligible private agen-
cy, institution, or organization, or Indian tribe will administer those funds and property to the extent required by the authorizing law; 
‘‘(3) the State will adopt and use proper meth-
ods of administering each such program, includ-ing— 
‘‘(A) the enforcement of any obligations im-
posed by law on agencies, institutions, organi-zations, and other recipients responsible for car-rying out each program; 
‘‘(B) the correction of deficiencies in program 
operations that are identified through audits, monitoring, or evaluation; and 
‘‘(C) the adoption of written procedures for 
the receipt and resolution of complaints alleging violations of law in the administration of the programs; 
‘‘(4) the State will cooperate in carrying out 
any evaluation of each such program conducted by or for the Secretary or other Federal officials; 
‘‘(5) the State will use such fiscal control and 
fund accounting procedures that will ensure proper disbursement of, and accounting for, Federal funds paid to the State under each such program; 
‘‘(6) the State will— ‘‘(A) make reports to the Secretary as may be 
necessary to enable the Secretary to perform the Secretary’s duties under each such program; and 
‘‘(B) maintain such records, provide such in-
formation to the Secretary, and afford such ac-cess to the records as the Secretary may find necessary to carry out the Secretary’s duties; and 
‘‘(7) before the plan or application was sub-
mitted to the Secretary, the State afforded a rea-sonable opportunity for public comment on the plan or application and considered such com-ment. 
‘‘(b) GEPA P
ROVISION .—Section 441 of the 
General Education Provisions Act shall not apply to programs under this Act. ‘‘SEC. 6305. CONSOLIDATED LOCAL PLANS OR AP-
PLICATIONS. 
‘‘(a) G ENERAL AUTHORITY .— 
‘‘(1) C ONSOLIDATED PLAN .—A local edu-
cational agency receiving funds under more than one covered program may submit plans or applications to the State educational agency under those programs on a consolidated basis. 
‘‘(2) A
VAILABILITY TO GOVERNOR .—The State 
educational agency shall make any consolidated local plans and applications available to the Governor. 
‘‘(b) R
EQUIRED CONSOLIDATED PLANS OR AP-
PLICATIONS .—A State educational agency that 
has an approved consolidated State plan or ap-plication under section 6302 may require local educational agencies in the State receiving funds under more than one program included in the consolidated State plan or consolidated State application to submit consolidated local plans or applications under those programs, but may not require those agencies to submit sepa-rate plans. 
‘‘(c) C
OLLABORATION .—A State educational 
agency, in consultation with the Governor, shall collaborate with local educational agencies in the State in establishing procedures for the sub-mission of the consolidated State plans or con-solidated State applications under this section. 
‘‘(d) N
ECESSARY MATERIALS .—The State edu-
cational agency shall require only descriptions, information, assurances, and other material that are absolutely necessary for the consider-ation of the local educational agency plan or application. 
‘‘SEC. 6306. OTHER GENERAL ASSURANCES. 
‘‘(a) A SSURANCES .—Any applicant, other than 
a State educational agency that submits a plan or application under this Act, shall have on file with the State educational agency a single set of assurances, applicable to each program for which a plan or application is submitted, that provides that— 
‘‘(1) each such program will be administered 
in accordance with all applicable statutes, regu-lations, program plans, and applications; 
‘‘(2)(A) the control of funds provided under 
each such program and title to property ac-quired with program funds will be in a public agency or in an eligible private agency, institu-tion, organization, or Indian tribe, if the law authorizing the program provides for assistance to those entities; and 
‘‘(B) the public agency, eligible private agen-
cy, institution, or organization, or Indian tribe will administer the funds and property to the extent required by the authorizing statutes; 
‘‘(3) the applicant will adopt and use proper 
methods of administering each such program, including— 
‘‘(A) the enforcement of any obligations im-
posed by law on agencies, institutions, organi-zations, and other recipients responsible for car-rying out each program; and 
‘‘(B) the correction of deficiencies in program 
operations that are identified through audits, monitoring, or evaluation; 
‘‘(4) the applicant will cooperate in carrying 
out any evaluation of each such program con-ducted by or for the State educational agency, the Secretary, or other Federal officials; 
‘‘(5) the applicant will use such fiscal control 
and fund accounting procedures as will ensure proper disbursement of, and accounting for, Federal funds paid to the applicant under each such program; 
‘‘(6) the applicant will— ‘‘(A) submit such reports to the State edu-
cational agency (which shall make the reports available to the Governor) and the Secretary as the State educational agency and Secretary may require to enable the State educational agency and the Secretary to perform their duties under each such program; and 
‘‘(B) maintain such records, provide such in-
formation, and afford such access to the records as the State educational agency (after consulta-tion with the Governor) or the Secretary may reasonably require to carry out the State edu-
cational agency’s or the Secretary’s duties; and 
‘‘(7) before the application was submitted, the 
applicant afforded a reasonable opportunity for public comment on the application and consid-ered such comment. 
‘‘(b) GEPA P
ROVISION .—Section 442 of the 
General Education Provisions Act shall not apply to programs under this Act. 
‘‘PART D—WAIVERS 
‘‘SEC. 6401. WAIVERS OF STATUTORY AND REGU-
LATORY REQUIREMENTS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .— 
‘‘(1) R EQUEST FOR WAIVER .—A State edu-
cational agency, local educational agency, or Indian tribe that receives funds under a pro-gram authorized under this Act may submit a request to the Secretary to waive any statutory or regulatory requirement of this Act. 
‘‘(2) R
ECEIPT OF WAIVER .—Except as provided 
in subsection (c) and subject to the limits in sub-section (b)(5)(A), the Secretary shall waive any statutory or regulatory requirement of this Act for a State educational agency, local edu-cational agency, Indian tribe, or school (through a local educational agency), that sub-mits a waiver request pursuant to this sub-section. 
‘‘(b) P
LAN.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State educational agen-
cy, local educational agency, or Indian tribe that desires a waiver under this section shall submit a waiver request to the Secretary, which shall include a plan that— 
‘‘(A) identifies the Federal programs affected 
by the requested waiver; 
‘‘(B) describes which Federal statutory or reg-
ulatory requirements are to be waived; 
‘‘(C) reasonably demonstrates that the waiver 
will improve instruction for students and ad-vance student academic achievement; 
‘‘(D) describes the methods the State edu-
cational agency, local educational agency, or Indian tribe will use to monitor the effectiveness of the implementation of the plan; and 
‘‘(E) describes how schools will continue to 
provide assistance to the same populations served by programs for which the waiver is re-quested. 
‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL INFORMATION .—A waiver re-
quest under this section— 
‘‘(A) may provide for waivers of requirements 
applicable to State educational agencies, local educational agencies, Indian tribes, and schools; and 
‘‘(B) shall be developed and submitted— ‘‘(i)(I) by local educational agencies (on be-
half of those agencies and schools) to State edu-cational agencies; and 
‘‘(II) by State educational agencies (on their 
own behalf, or on behalf of, and based on the requests of, local educational agencies in the State) to the Secretary; or 
‘‘(ii) by Indian tribes (on behalf of schools op-
erated by the tribes) to the Secretary. 
‘‘(3) G
ENERAL REQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(A) S TATE EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES .—In the 
case of a waiver request submitted by a State educational agency acting on its own behalf, or on behalf of local educational agencies in the State, the State educational agency shall— 
‘‘(i) provide the public and local educational 
agencies in the State with notice and a reason-able opportunity to comment and provide input on the request; 
‘‘(ii) submit the comments and input to the 
Secretary, with a description of how the State addressed the comments and input; and 
‘‘(iii) provide notice and a reasonable time to 
comment to the public and local educational agencies in the manner in which the applying agency customarily provides similar notice and opportunity to comment to the public. 
‘‘(B) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES .—In the 
case of a waiver request submitted by a local educational agency that receives funds under this Act— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.015 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1245 February 26, 2015 
‘‘(i) the request shall be reviewed by the State 
educational agency and be accompanied by the comments, if any, of the State educational agen-cy and the public; and 
‘‘(ii) notice and a reasonable opportunity to 
comment regarding the waiver request shall be provided to the State educational agency and the public by the agency requesting the waiver in the manner in which that agency customarily provides similar notice and opportunity to com-ment to the public. 
‘‘(4) P
EER REVIEW .— 
‘‘(A) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall es-
tablish a multi-disciplinary peer review team, which shall meet the requirements of section 6543, to review waiver requests under this sec-tion. 
‘‘(B) A
PPLICABILITY .—The Secretary may ap-
prove a waiver request under this section with-out conducting a peer review of the request, but shall use the peer review process under this paragraph before disapproving such a request. 
‘‘(C) S
TANDARD AND NATURE OF REVIEW .—Peer 
reviewers shall conduct a good faith review of waiver requests submitted to them under this section. Peer reviewers shall review such waiver requests— 
‘‘(i) in their totality; ‘‘(ii) in deference to State and local judgment; 
and 
‘‘(iii) with the goal of promoting State- and 
local-led innovation. 
‘‘(5) W
AIVER DETERMINATION , DEMONSTRA -
TION, AND REVISION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall ap-
prove a waiver request not more than 60 days after the date on which such request is sub-mitted, unless the Secretary determines and demonstrates that— 
‘‘(i) the waiver request does not meet the re-
quirements of this section; 
‘‘(ii) the waiver is not permitted under sub-
section (c); 
‘‘(iii) the plan that is required under para-
graph (1)(C), and reviewed with deference to State and local judgment, provides no reason-able evidence to determine that a waiver will en-hance student academic achievement; or 
‘‘(iv) the waiver request does not provide for 
adequate evaluation to ensure review and con-tinuous improvement of the plan. 
‘‘(B) W
AIVER DETERMINATION AND REVISION .— 
If the Secretary determines and demonstrates that the waiver request does not meet the re-quirements of this section, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(i) immediately— ‘‘(I) notify the State educational agency, local 
educational agency, or Indian tribe of such de-termination; and 
‘‘(II) at the request of the State educational 
agency, local educational agency, or Indian tribe, provide detailed reasons for such deter-mination in writing; 
‘‘(ii) offer the State educational agency, local 
educational agency, or Indian tribe an oppor-tunity to revise and resubmit the waiver request not more than 60 days after the date of such de-termination; and 
‘‘(iii) if the Secretary determines that the re-
submission does not meet the requirements of this section, at the request of the State edu-cational agency, local educational agency, or Indian tribe, conduct a public hearing not more than 30 days after the date of such resubmis-sion. 
‘‘(C) W
AIVER DISAPPROVAL .—The Secretary 
may disapprove a waiver request if— 
‘‘(i) the State educational agency, local edu-
cational agency, or Indian tribe has been noti-fied and offered an opportunity to revise and re-submit the waiver request, as described under clauses (i) and (ii) of subparagraph (B); and 
‘‘(ii) the State educational agency, local edu-
cational agency, or Indian tribe— 
‘‘(I) does not revise and resubmit the waiver 
request; or 
‘‘(II) revises and resubmits the waiver request, 
and the Secretary determines that such waiver request does not meet the requirements of this 
section after a hearing conducted under sub-paragraph (B)(iii), if requested. 
‘‘(D) E
XTERNAL CONDITIONS .—The Secretary 
shall not, directly or indirectly, require or im-pose new or additional requirements in ex-change for receipt of a waiver if such require-ments are not specified in this Act. 
‘‘(c) R
ESTRICTIONS .—The Secretary shall not 
waive under this section any statutory or regu-latory requirements relating to— 
‘‘(1) the allocation or distribution of funds to 
States, local educational agencies, Indian tribes, or other recipients of funds under this Act; 
‘‘(2) comparability of services; ‘‘(3) use of Federal funds to supplement, not 
supplant, non-Federal funds; 
‘‘(4) equitable participation of private school 
students and teachers; 
‘‘(5) parental participation and involvement; ‘‘(6) applicable civil rights requirements; ‘‘(7) the prohibitions— ‘‘(A) in subpart 2 of part E; ‘‘(B) regarding use of funds for religious wor-
ship or instruction in section 6505; and 
‘‘(C) regarding activities in section 6524; or ‘‘(8) the selection of a school attendance area 
or school under subsections (a) and (b) of sec-tion 1113, except that the Secretary may grant a waiver to allow a school attendance area or school to participate in activities under subpart 1 of part A of title I if the percentage of children from low-income families in the school attend-ance area or who attend the school is not more than 10 percentage points below the lowest per-centage of those children for any school attend-ance area or school of the local educational agency that meets the requirements of sub-sections (a) and (b) of section 1113. 
‘‘(d) D
URATION AND EXTENSION OF WAIVER ; 
LIMITATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-
graph (2), a waiver approved by the Secretary under this section may be for a period not to ex-ceed 3 years. 
‘‘(2) E
XTENSION .—The Secretary may extend 
the period described in paragraph (1) if the State demonstrates that— 
‘‘(A) the waiver has been effective in enabling 
the State or affected recipient to carry out the activities for which the waiver was requested and the waiver has contributed to improved stu-dent achievement; and 
‘‘(B) the extension is in the public interest. ‘‘(3) S
PECIFIC LIMITATIONS .—The Secretary 
shall not require a State educational agency, local educational agency, or Indian tribe, as a condition of approval of a waiver request, to— 
‘‘(A) include in, or delete from, such request, 
specific academic standards, such as the Com-mon Core State Standards developed under the Common Core State Standards Initiative or any other standards common to a significant number of States; 
‘‘(B) use specific academic assessment instru-
ments or items, including assessments aligned to the standards described in subparagraph (A); or 
‘‘(C) include in, or delete from, such waiver 
request any criterion that specifies, defines, de-scribes, or prescribes the standards or measures that a State or local educational agency or In-dian tribe uses to establish, implement, or im-prove— 
‘‘(i) State academic standards; ‘‘(ii) academic assessments; ‘‘(iii) State accountability systems; or ‘‘(iv) teacher and school leader evaluation 
systems. 
‘‘(e) R
EPORTS .— 
‘‘(1) W AIVER REPORTS .—A State educational 
agency, local educational agency, or Indian tribe that receives a waiver under this section shall, at the end of the second year for which a waiver is received under this section and each subsequent year, submit a report to the Sec-retary that— 
‘‘(A) describes the uses of the waiver by the 
agency or by schools; ‘‘(B) describes how schools continued to pro-
vide assistance to the same populations served by the programs for which waivers were grant-ed; and 
‘‘(C) evaluates the progress of the agency and 
schools, or Indian tribe, in improving the qual-ity of instruction or the academic achievement of students. 
‘‘(2) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—The Secretary 
shall annually submit to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate a re-port— 
‘‘(A) summarizing the uses of waivers by State 
educational agencies, local educational agen-cies, Indian tribes, and schools; and 
‘‘(B) describing the status of the waivers in 
improving academic achievement. 
‘‘(f) T
ERMINATION OF WAIVERS .—The Sec-
retary shall terminate a waiver under this sec-tion if the Secretary determines, after notice and an opportunity for a hearing, that the perform-ance of the State or other recipient affected by the waiver has been inadequate to justify a con-tinuation of the waiver and the recipient of the waiver has failed to make revisions needed to carry out the purpose of the waiver, or if the waiver is no longer necessary to achieve its original purpose. 
‘‘(g) P
UBLICATION .—A notice of the Sec-
retary’s decision to grant each waiver under subsection (a) shall be published in the Federal Register and the Secretary shall provide for the dissemination of the notice to State educational agencies, interested parties, including edu-cators, parents, students, advocacy and civil rights organizations, and the public. 
‘‘PART E—UNIFORM PROVISIONS 
‘‘Subpart 1—Private Schools 
‘‘SEC. 6501. PARTICIPATION BY PRIVATE SCHOOL 
CHILDREN AND TEACHERS. 
‘‘(a) P RIVATE SCHOOL PARTICIPATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-
vided in this Act, to the extent consistent with the number of eligible children in areas served by a State educational agency, local edu-cational agency, educational service agency, consortium of those agencies, or another entity receiving financial assistance under a program specified in subsection (b), who are enrolled in private elementary schools and secondary schools in areas served by such agency, consor-tium, or entity, the agency, consortium, or enti-ty shall, after timely and meaningful consulta-tion with appropriate private school officials or their representatives, provide to those children and their teachers or other educational per-sonnel, on an equitable basis, special edu-cational services or other benefits that address their needs under the program. 
‘‘(2) S
ECULAR , NEUTRAL , AND NONIDEOLOGICAL  
SERVICES OR BENEFITS .—Educational services or 
other benefits, including materials and equip-ment, provided under this section, shall be sec-ular, neutral, and nonideological. 
‘‘(3) S
PECIAL RULE .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Educational services and 
other benefits provided under this section for private school children, teachers, and other edu-cational personnel shall be equitable in compari-son to services and other benefits for public school children, teachers, and other educational personnel participating in the program and shall be provided in a timely manner. 
‘‘(B) O
MBUDSMAN .—To help ensure equitable 
services are provided to private school children, teachers, and other educational personnel under this section, the State educational agency in-volved shall designate the ombudsman des-ignated by the agency under section 1120(a)(3)(B) to monitor and enforce require-ments of this section. 
‘‘(4) E
XPENDITURES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Expenditures for edu-
cational services and other benefits to eligible private school children, teachers, and other 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.015 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1246 February 26, 2015 
service personnel shall be equal to the expendi-
tures for participating public school children, taking into account the number and educational needs, of the children to be served. 
‘‘(B) O
BLIGATION OF FUNDS .—Funds allocated 
to a local educational agency for educational services and other benefits to eligible private school children shall— 
‘‘(i) be obligated in the fiscal year for which 
the funds are received by the agency; and 
‘‘(ii) with respect to any such funds that can-
not be so obligated, be used to serve such chil-dren in the following fiscal year. 
‘‘(C) N
OTICE OF ALLOCATION .—Each State 
educational agency shall— 
‘‘(i) determine, in a timely manner, the pro-
portion of funds to be allocated to each local educational agency in the State for educational services and other benefits under this subpart to eligible private school children; and 
‘‘(ii) provide notice, simultaneously, to each 
such local educational agency and the appro-priate private school officials or their represent-atives in the State of such allocation of funds. 
‘‘(5) P
ROVISION OF SERVICES .—An agency, 
consortium, or entity described in subsection (a)(1) of this section may provide those services directly or through contracts with public and private agencies, organizations, and institu-tions. 
‘‘(b) A
PPLICABILITY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—This section applies to pro-
grams under— 
‘‘(A) subpart 2 of part A of title I; ‘‘(B) subpart 4 of part A of title I; ‘‘(C) part A of title II; ‘‘(D) part B of title II; and ‘‘(E) part B of title III. ‘‘(2) D
EFINITION .—For the purpose of this sec-
tion, the term ‘eligible children’ means children eligible for services under a program described in paragraph (1). 
‘‘(c) C
ONSULTATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—To ensure timely and 
meaningful consultation, a State educational agency, local educational agency, educational service agency, consortium of those agencies, or entity shall consult, in order to reach an agree-ment, with appropriate private school officials or their representatives during the design and development of the programs under this Act, on issues such as— 
‘‘(A) how the children’s needs will be identi-
fied; 
‘‘(B) what services will be offered; ‘‘(C) how, where, and by whom the services 
will be provided; 
‘‘(D) how the services will be assessed and 
how the results of the assessment will be used to improve those services; 
‘‘(E) the size and scope of the equitable serv-
ices to be provided to the eligible private school children, teachers, and other educational per-sonnel, the proportion of funds that are allo-cated for such services, how that proportion of funds is determined, and an itemization of the costs of the services to be provided; 
‘‘(F) how and when the agency, consortium, 
or entity will make decisions about the delivery of services, including a thorough consideration and analysis of the views of the private school officials or their representatives on the provision of services through potential third-party pro-viders or contractors; 
‘‘(G) how, if the agency disagrees with the 
views of the private school officials or their rep-resentatives on the provision of services through a contract, the local educational agency will provide in writing to such private school offi-cials or their representatives an analysis of the reasons why the local educational agency has chosen not to use a contractor; 
‘‘(H) whether the agency will provide services 
under this section directly or through contracts with public or private agencies, organizations, or institutions; and 
‘‘(I) whether to provide equitable services to 
eligible private school children— ‘‘(i) by creating a pool or pools of funds with 
all of the funds allocated under subsection (a)(4) based on all the children from low-income families who attend private schools in a partici-pating school attendance area from which the local educational agency will provide such serv-ices to all such children; or 
‘‘(ii) by providing such services to eligible chil-
dren in each private school in the local edu-cational agency’s participating school attend-ance area with the proportion of funds allocated under subsection (a)(4) based on the number of children from low-income families who attend such school. 
‘‘(2) D
ISAGREEMENT .—If the agency, consor-
tium, or entity disagrees with the views of the private school officials or their representatives with respect to an issue described in paragraph (1), the agency, consortium, or entity shall pro-vide to the private school officials or their rep-resentatives a written explanation of the rea-sons why the local educational agency has cho-sen not to adopt the course of action requested by such officials or their representatives. 
‘‘(3) T
IMING .—The consultation required by 
paragraph (1) shall occur before the agency, consortium, or entity makes any decision that affects the opportunities of eligible private school children, teachers, and other educational personnel to participate in programs under this Act, and shall continue throughout the imple-mentation and assessment of activities under this section. 
‘‘(4) D
ISCUSSION REQUIRED .—The consultation 
required by paragraph (1) shall include a dis-cussion of service delivery mechanisms that the agency, consortium, or entity could use to pro-vide equitable services to eligible private school children, teachers, administrators, and other staff. 
‘‘(5) D
OCUMENTATION .—Each local edu-
cational agency shall maintain in the agency’s records and provide to the State educational agency involved a written affirmation signed by officials or their representatives of each partici-pating private school that the meaningful con-sultation required by this section has occurred. The written affirmation shall provide the option for private school officials or their representa-tives to indicate that timely and meaningful 
consultation has not occurred or that the pro-gram design is not equitable with respect to eli-gible private school children. If such officials or their representatives do not provide such affir-mation within a reasonable period of time, the local educational agency shall forward the doc-umentation that such consultation has, or at-tempts at such consultation have, taken place to the State educational agency. 
‘‘(6) C
OMPLIANCE .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If the consultation re-
quired under this section is with a local edu-cational agency or educational service agency, a private school official or representative shall have the right to file a complaint with the State educational agency that the consultation re-quired under this section was not meaningful and timely, did not give due consideration to the views of the private school official or represent-ative, or did not treat the private school or its students equitably as required by this section. 
‘‘(B) P
ROCEDURE .—If the private school offi-
cial or representative wishes to file a complaint, the private school official or representative shall provide the basis of the noncompliance with this section and all parties shall provide the appro-priate documentation to the appropriate offi-cials or representatives. 
‘‘(C) S
ERVICES .—A State educational agency 
shall provide services under this section directly or through contracts with public and private agencies, organizations, and institutions, if— 
‘‘(i) the appropriate private school officials or 
their representatives have— 
‘‘(I) requested that the State educational 
agency provide such services directly; and 
‘‘(II) demonstrated that the local educational 
agency or Education Service Agency involved has not met the requirements of this section; or ‘‘(ii) in a case in which— 
‘‘(I) a local educational agency has more than 
10,000 children from low-income families who at-tend private elementary schools or secondary schools in such agency’s school attendance areas, as defined in section 1113(a)(2)(A), that are not being served by the agency’s program under this section; or 
‘‘(II) 90 percent of the eligible private school 
students in a school attendance area, as defined in section 1113(a)(2)(A), are not being served by the agency’s program under this section. 
‘‘(d) P
UBLIC CONTROL OF FUNDS.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The control of funds used 
to provide services under this section, and title to materials, equipment, and property pur-chased with those funds, shall be in a public agency for the uses and purposes provided in this Act, and a public agency shall administer the funds and property. 
‘‘(2) P
ROVISION OF SERVICES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The provision of services 
under this section shall be provided— 
‘‘(i) by employees of a public agency; or ‘‘(ii) through contract by the public agency 
with an individual, association, agency, organi-zation, or other entity. 
‘‘(B) I
NDEPENDENCE ; PUBLIC AGENCY .—In the 
provision of those services, the employee, per-son, association, agency, organization, or other entity shall be independent of the private school and of any religious organization, and the em-ployment or contract shall be under the control and supervision of the public agency. 
‘‘(C) C
OMMINGLING OF FUNDS PROHIBITED .— 
Funds used to provide services under this sec-tion shall not be commingled with non-Federal funds. 
‘‘SEC. 6502. STANDARDS FOR BY-PASS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—If, by reason of any provi-
sion of law, a State educational agency, local educational agency, educational service agency, consortium of those agencies, or other entity is prohibited from providing for the participation in programs of children enrolled in, or teachers or other educational personnel from, private ele-mentary schools and secondary schools, on an equitable basis, or if the Secretary determines that the agency, consortium, or entity has sub-stantially failed or is unwilling to provide for that participation, as required by section 6501, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) waive the requirements of that section for 
the agency, consortium, or entity; and 
‘‘(2) arrange for the provision of equitable 
services to those children, teachers, or other educational personnel through arrangements that shall be subject to the requirements of this section and of sections 6501, 6503, and 6504. 
‘‘(b) D
ETERMINATION .—In making the deter-
mination under subsection (a), the Secretary shall consider one or more factors, including the quality, size, scope, and location of the pro-gram, and the opportunity of private school children, teachers, and other educational per-sonnel to participate in the program. 
‘‘SEC. 6503. COMPLAINT PROCESS FOR PARTICIPA-
TION OF PRIVATE SCHOOL CHIL-DREN. 
‘‘(a) P ROCEDURES FOR COMPLAINTS .—The Sec-
retary shall develop and implement written pro-cedures for receiving, investigating, and resolv-ing complaints from parents, teachers, or other individuals and organizations concerning viola-tions of section 6501 by a State educational agency, local educational agency, educational service agency, consortium of those agencies, or entity. The individual or organization shall sub-mit the complaint to the State educational agen-cy for a written resolution by the State edu-cational agency within 45 days. 
‘‘(b) A
PPEALS TO SECRETARY .—The resolution 
may be appealed by an interested party to the Secretary not later than 30 days after the State educational agency resolves the complaint or fails to resolve the complaint within the 45-day time limit. The appeal shall be accompanied by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.015 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1247 February 26, 2015 
a copy of the State educational agency’s resolu-
tion, and, if there is one, a complete statement of the reasons supporting the appeal. The Sec-retary shall investigate and resolve the appeal not later than 90 days after receipt of the ap-peal. 
‘‘Subpart 2—Prohibitions 
‘‘SEC. 6521. PROHIBITION AGAINST FEDERAL 
MANDATES, DIRECTION, OR CON-TROL. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—No officer or employee of 
the Federal Government shall, directly or indi-rectly, through grants, contracts, or other coop-erative agreements, mandate, direct, incentivize, or control a State, local educational agency, or school’s specific instructional content, academic standards and assessments, curricula, or pro-gram of instruction, (including any requirement, direction, incentive, or mandate to adopt the Common Core State Standards developed under the Common Core State Standards Initiative or any other academic standards common to a sig-nificant number of States), nor shall anything in this Act be construed to authorize such offi-cer or employee to do so. 
‘‘(b) F
INANCIAL SUPPORT .—No officer or em-
ployee of the Federal Government shall, directly or indirectly, through grants, contracts, or other cooperative agreements, make financial support available in a manner that is conditioned upon a State, local educational agency, or school’s adoption of specific instructional content, aca-demic standards and assessments, curriculum, or program of instruction, (including any re-quirement, direction, or mandate to adopt the Common Core State Standards developed under the Common Core State Standards Initiative, any other academic standards common to a sig-nificant number of States, or any assessment, instructional content, or curriculum aligned to such standards), even if such requirements are specified in an Act other than this Act, nor shall anything in this Act be construed to authorize such officer or employee to do so. 
‘‘SEC. 6522. PROHIBITIONS ON FEDERAL GOVERN-
MENT AND USE OF FEDERAL FUNDS. 
‘‘(a) G ENERAL PROHIBITION .—Nothing in this 
Act shall be construed to authorize an officer or employee of the Federal Government directly or indirectly, whether through a grant, contract, or cooperative agreement, to mandate, direct, or control a State, local educational agency, or school’s curriculum, program of instruction, or allocation of State or local resources, or man-date a State or any subdivision thereof to spend any funds or incur any costs not paid for under this Act. 
‘‘(b) P
ROHIBITION ON ENDORSEMENT OF CUR-
RICULUM .—Notwithstanding any other prohibi-
tion of Federal law, no funds provided to the Department under this Act may be used by the Department directly or indirectly—whether through a grant, contract, or cooperative agree-ment—to endorse, approve, develop, require, or sanction any curriculum, including any cur-riculum aligned to the Common Core State Standards developed under the Common Core State Standards Initiative or any other aca-demic standards common to a significant num-ber of States, designed to be used in an elemen-tary school or secondary school. 
‘‘(c) L
OCAL CONTROL .—Nothing in this Act 
shall be construed to— 
‘‘(1) authorize an officer or employee of the 
Federal Government directly or indirectly— whether through a grant, contract, or coopera-tive agreement—to mandate, direct, review, or control a State, local educational agency, or school’s instructional content, curriculum, and related activities; 
‘‘(2) limit the application of the General Edu-
cation Provisions Act; 
‘‘(3) require the distribution of scientifically or 
medically false or inaccurate materials or to prohibit the distribution of scientifically or medically true or accurate materials; or 
‘‘(4) create any legally enforceable right. ‘‘(d) P
ROHIBITION ON REQUIRING FEDERAL AP-
PROVAL OR CERTIFICATION OF STANDARDS .—Not-
withstanding any other provision of Federal law, no State shall be required to have academic standards approved or certified by the Federal Government, in order to receive assistance under this Act. 
‘‘(e) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION ON BUILDING  
STANDARDS .—Nothing in this Act shall be con-
strued to mandate national school building standards for a State, local educational agency, or school. 
‘‘SEC. 6523. PROHIBITION ON FEDERALLY SPON-
SORED TESTING. 
‘‘(a) G ENERAL PROHIBITION .—Notwithstanding 
any other provision of Federal law and except as provided in subsection (b), no funds provided under this Act to the Secretary or to the recipi-ent of any award may be used to develop, pilot test, field test, implement, administer, or dis-tribute any federally sponsored national test or testing materials in reading, mathematics, or any other subject, unless specifically and explic-itly authorized by law. 
‘‘(b) E
XCEPTIONS .—Subsection (a) shall not 
apply to international comparative assessments developed under the authority of section 153(a)(5) of the Education Sciences Reform Act of 2002 and administered to only a representa-tive sample of pupils in the United States and in foreign nations. 
‘‘SEC. 6524. LIMITATIONS ON NATIONAL TESTING 
OR CERTIFICATION FOR TEACHERS. 
‘‘(a) M ANDATORY NATIONAL TESTING OR CER-
TIFICATION OF TEACHERS .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of this Act or any other provi-sion of law, no funds available to the Depart-ment or otherwise available under this Act may be used for any purpose relating to a mandatory nationwide test or certification of teachers or education paraprofessionals, including any planning, development, implementation, or ad-ministration of such test or certification. 
‘‘(b) P
ROHIBITION ON WITHHOLDING FUNDS.— 
The Secretary is prohibited from withholding funds from any State educational agency or local educational agency if the State edu-cational agency or local educational agency fails to adopt a specific method of teacher or paraprofessional certification. 
‘‘SEC. 6525. PROHIBITED USES OF FUNDS. 
‘‘No funds under this Act may be used— 
‘‘(1) for construction, renovation, or repair of 
any school facility, except as authorized under title IV or otherwise authorized under this Act; 
‘‘(2) for medical services, drug treatment or re-
habilitation, except for specialized instructional support services or referral to treatment for stu-dents who are victims of, or witnesses to, crime or who illegally use drugs; 
‘‘(3) for transportation unless otherwise au-
thorized under this Act; 
‘‘(4) to develop or distribute materials, or oper-
ate programs or courses of instruction directed at youth, that are designed to promote or en-courage sexual activity, or normalize teen sex-ual activity as an expected behavior, implicitly or explicitly, whether homosexual or hetero-sexual; 
‘‘(5) to distribute or to aid in the distribution 
on school grounds by any organization of le-gally obscene materials to minors or any in-struction or materials that normalize teen sexual activity as an expected behavior; 
‘‘(6) to provide sex education or HIV-preven-
tion education in schools unless that instruction is age appropriate and includes the health bene-fits of abstinence; or 
‘‘(7) to operate a program of contraceptive dis-
tribution in schools. 
‘‘SEC. 6529. PROHIBITION REGARDING STATE AID. 
‘‘A State shall not take into consideration 
payments under this Act (other than under title IV) in determining the eligibility of any local educational agency in that State for State aid, or the amount of State aid, with respect to free public education of children. ‘‘SEC. 6530. PROHIBITION ON REQUIRING STATE 
PARTICIPATION. 
‘‘Any State that opts out of receiving funds, 
or that has not been awarded funds, under one or more programs under this Act shall not be re-quired to carry out any of the requirements of such program or programs, and nothing in this Act shall be construed to require a State to par-ticipate in any program under this Act. 
‘‘SEC. 6531. LOCAL CONTROL. 
‘‘The Secretary shall not— 
‘‘(1) impose any requirements or exercise any 
governance or authority over school administra-tion, including the development and expenditure of school budgets, unless explicitly authorized under this Act; 
‘‘(2) issue any regulations or non-regulatory 
guidance without first consulting with local stakeholders and fairly addressing their con-cerns; or 
‘‘(3) deny any local educational agency the 
right to object to any administrative require-ment, including actions that place additional burdens or cost on the local educational agency. 
‘‘SEC. 6532. SCHOOLCHILDREN’S PROTECTION 
FROM ABORTION PROVIDERS 
‘‘(a) L IMITATION ON FUNDING .—Notwith-
standing section 6102, no funds under this Act may e used by any State educational agency or local educational agency that enters into a con-tract or other agreement with a school-based health center relating to the provision of health services to students served by the agency unless such center certifies that— 
‘‘(1) the center will not perform an abortion; 
and 
‘‘(2) the center will not provide abortion-re-
lated materials, referrals, or directions for abor-tion services to any such student. 
‘‘(b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this 
section shall be construed to prevent a school- based health center from providing non-abortion health services to pregnant students. 
‘‘(c) S
CHOOL -BASED HEALTH CENTER .—In this 
section, the term ‘school-based health center’ has the meaning given such term in section 210(c)(9) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397jj(c)(9)).’’. 
‘‘Subpart 3—Other Provisions 
‘‘SEC. 6541. ARMED FORCES RECRUITER ACCESS 
TO STUDENTS AND STUDENT RE-CRUITING INFORMATION. 
‘‘(a) P OLICY .— 
‘‘(1) A CCESS TO STUDENT RECRUITING INFORMA -
TION.—Notwithstanding section 444(a)(5)(B) of 
the General Education Provisions Act, each local educational agency receiving assistance under this Act shall provide, upon a request made by a military recruiter or an institution of higher education, access to the name, address, and telephone listing of each secondary school student served by the local educational agency, unless the parent of such student has submitted the prior consent request under paragraph (2). 
‘‘(2) C
ONSENT .— 
‘‘(A) O PT-OUT PROCESS .—A parent of a sec-
ondary school student may submit a written re-quest, to the local educational agency, that the student’s name, address, and telephone listing not be released for purposes of paragraph (1) without prior written consent of the parent. Upon receiving such request, the local edu-cational agency may not release the student’s name, address, and telephone listing for such purposes without the prior written consent of the parent. 
‘‘(B) N
OTIFICATION OF OPT -OUT PROCESS .— 
Each local educational agency shall notify the parents of the students served by the agency of the option to make a request described in sub-paragraph (A). 
‘‘(3) S
AME ACCESS TO STUDENTS .—Each local 
educational agency receiving assistance under this Act shall provide military recruiters the same access to secondary school students as is provided generally to institutions of higher edu-cation or to prospective employers of those stu-dents. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.015 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1248 February 26, 2015 
‘‘(4) R ULE OF CONSTRUCTION PROHIBITING OPT - 
IN PROCESSES .—Nothing in this subsection shall 
be construed to allow a local educational agen-cy to withhold access to a student’s name, ad-dress, and telephone listing from a military re-cruiter or institution of higher education by im-plementing an opt-in process or any other proc-ess other than the written consent request proc-ess under paragraph (2)(A). 
‘‘(5) P
ARENTAL CONSENT .—For purposes of this 
subsection, whenever a student has attained 18 years of age, the permission or consent required of and the rights accorded to the parents of the student shall only be required of and accorded to the student. 
‘‘(b) N
OTIFICATION .—The Secretary, in con-
sultation with the Secretary of Defense, shall, not later than 120 days after the date of the en-actment of the Student Success Act, notify school leaders, school administrators, and other educators about the requirements of this section. 
‘‘(c) E
XCEPTION .—The requirements of this 
section do not apply to a private secondary school that maintains a religious objection to service in the Armed Forces if the objection is verifiable through the corporate or other organi-zational documents or materials of that school. 
‘‘SEC. 6542. RULEMAKING. 
‘‘The Secretary shall issue regulations under 
this Act as prescribed under section 1401 only to the extent that such regulations are necessary to ensure that there is compliance with the spe-cific requirements and assurances required by this Act. 
‘‘SEC. 6543. PEER REVIEW. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—If the Secretary uses a peer 
review panel to evaluate an application for any program required under this Act, the Secretary shall conduct the panel in accordance with this section. 
‘‘(b) M
AKEUP .—The Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) solicit nominations for peers to serve on 
the panel from States that are— 
‘‘(A) practitioners in the subject matter; or ‘‘(B) experts in the subject matter; and ‘‘(2) select the peers from such nominees, ex-
cept that there shall be at least 75 percent prac-titioners on each panel and in each group formed from the panel. 
‘‘(c) G
UIDANCE .—The Secretary shall issue the 
peer review guidance concurrently with the no-tice of the grant. 
‘‘(d) R
EPORTING .—The Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) make the names of the peer reviewers 
available to the public before the final deadline for the application of the grant; 
‘‘(2) make the peer review notes publically 
available once the review has concluded; and 
‘‘(3) make any deviations from the peer re-
viewers’ recommendations available to the pub-lic with an explanation of the deviation. 
‘‘(e) A
PPLICANT REVIEWS .—An applicant shall 
have an opportunity within 30 days to review the peer review notes and appeal the score to the Secretary prior to the Secretary making any final determination. 
‘‘(f) P
ROHIBITION .—The Secretary, and the 
Secretary’s staff, may not attempt to participate in, or influence, the peer review process. No Federal employee may participate in, or attempt to influence the peer review process, except to respond to questions of a technical nature, which shall be publicly reported. 
‘‘SEC. 6544. PARENTAL CONSENT. 
‘‘Upon receipt of written notification from the 
parents or legal guardians of a student, the local educational agency shall withdraw such student from any program funded under part B of title III. The local educational agency shall make reasonable efforts to inform parents or legal guardians of the content of such programs or activities funded under this Act, other than classroom instruction. 
‘‘SEC. 6548. SEVERABILITY. 
‘‘If any provision of this Act is held invalid, 
the remainder of this Act shall be unaffected thereby. ‘‘SEC. 6549. DEPARTMENT STAFF. 
‘‘The Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) not later than 60 days after the date of 
the enactment of the Student Success Act, iden-tify the number of Department employees who worked on or administered each education pro-gram and project authorized under this Act, as such program or project was in effect on the day before such enactment date, and publish such information on the Department’s website; 
‘‘(2) not later than 60 days after such enact-
ment date, identify the number of full-time equivalent employees who work on or administer programs or projects authorized under this Act, as in effect on the day before such enactment date, that have been eliminated or consolidated since such date; 
‘‘(3) not later than 1 year after such enact-
ment date, reduce the workforce of the Depart-ment by the number of full-time equivalent em-ployees the Department calculated under para-graph (2); and 
‘‘(4) not later than 1 year after such enact-
ment date, report to the Congress on— 
‘‘(A) the number of employees associated with 
each program or project authorized under this Act administered by the Department; 
‘‘(B) the number of full-time equivalent em-
ployees who were determined to be associated with eliminated or consolidated programs or projects under paragraph (2); 
‘‘(C) how the Secretary reduced the number of 
employees at the Department under paragraph (3); 
‘‘(D) the average salary of the employees de-
scribed in subparagraph (B) whose positions were eliminated; and 
‘‘(E) the average salary of the full-time equiv-
alent employees who work on or administer a program or project authorized under this Act by the Department, disaggregated by employee function with each such program or project. 
‘‘SEC. 6550. REDUCTION IN FEDERAL SPENDING. 
‘‘To ensure the reduced Federal role estab-
lished under this Act is recognized when allo-cating spending amounts and appropriations for the programs under this Act, the Secretary, through the director of the Institute for Edu-cation Sciences, shall— 
‘‘(1) not later than 60 days after the date of 
the enactment of the Student Success Act, con-tract with an economist with an expertise in workforce and government efficiency; 
‘‘(2) not later than 1 year after the date of the 
enactment of the Student Success Act and before the Administration’s annual budget request for a fiscal year is submitted to Congress annually thereafter, require the economist to issue a re-port that— 
‘‘(A) examines the annual cost savings from 
the reduced Federal requirements under this Act, as amended by the Student Success Act, as compared to the requirements under this Act as in effect after fiscal year 2002 and prior to the date of the enactment of the Student Success Act and each year thereafter; 
‘‘(B) determines the reduced need for Federal 
funds to meet the Federal requirements under this Act, as amended by the Student Success Act, as compared to the requirements under this Act as in effect after fiscal year 2002 and prior to the date of the enactment of the Student Suc-cess Act; and 
‘‘(C) includes the specific reduced Federal 
funding amounts and reduced number of em-ployees at the Department necessary for compli-ance with the provisions of this Act, as amended by the Student Success Act; and 
‘‘(3) not later than one week after Administra-
tion’s budget request is submitted to Congress for each fiscal year, submit the report to the Committees on Budget and the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, and the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate. ‘‘Subpart 4—Restoration of State Sovereignty 
Over Public Education 
‘‘SEC. 6561. STATES TO RETAIN RIGHTS AND AU-
THORITIES THEY DO NOT EX-PRESSLY WAIVE. 
‘‘(a) R ETENTION OF RIGHTS AND AUTHORI -
TIES.—In order to ensure local control over the 
acceptance of federal funds, no officer, em-ployee, or other authority of the Secretary shall enforce against an authority of a State, nor shall any authority of a State have any obliga-tion to obey, any requirement imposed as a con-dition of receiving assistance under a grant pro-gram established under this Act, nor shall such program operate within a State, unless the legis-lature of that State shall have by law expressly approved that program and, in doing so, have waived the State’s rights and authorities to act inconsistently with any requirement that might be imposed by the Secretary as a condition of re-ceiving that assistance. 
‘‘(b) A
MENDMENT OF TERMS OF RECEIPT OF  
FEDERAL FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE .—An officer, 
employee, or other authority of the Secretary may release assistance under a grant program established under this Act to a State only after the legislature of the State has by law expressly approved the program (as described in sub-section (a)). This approval may be accomplished by a vote to affirm a State budget that includes the use of such Federal funds and any such State budget must expressly include any require-ment imposed as a condition of receiving assist-ance under a grant program established under this Act so that by approving the budget, the State legislature is expressly approving the grant program and, in doing so, waiving the State’s rights and authorities to act inconsist-ently with any requirement that might be im-posed by the Secretary as a condition of receiv-ing that assistance. 
‘‘(c) S
PECIAL RULE FOR STATES WITHBIENNIAL  
LEGISLATURES .—In the case of a State with a bi-
ennial legislature— 
‘‘(1) during a year in which the State legisla-
ture does not meet, subsections (a) and (b) shall not apply; and 
‘‘(2) during a year in which the State legisla-
ture meets, subsections (a) and (b) shall apply, and, with respect to any grant program estab-lished under this Act during the most recent year in which the State legislature did not meet, the State may by law expressly disapprove the grant program, and, if such disapproval occurs, an officer, employee, or other authority of the Secretary may not release any additional assist-ance to the State under that grant program. 
‘‘(d) D
EFINITION OF STATE AUTHORITY .—As 
used in this section, the term ‘authority of a State’ includes any administering agency of the State, any officer or employee of the State, and any local government authority of the State. 
‘‘(e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section applies in 
each State beginning on the 90th day after the end of the first regular session of the legislature of that State that begins 5 years after the date of the enactment of the Student Success Act and shall continue to apply in subsequent years until otherwise provided by law. 
‘‘SEC. 6562. DEDICATION OF SAVINGS TO DEFICIT 
REDUCTION. 
‘‘Notwithstanding any formula reallocations 
stipulated under the Student Success Act, any funds under such Act not allocated to a State because a State did not affirmatively agree to the receipt of such funds shall not be reallo-cated among the States. 
‘‘SEC. 6563. DEFINITION OF STATE WITH BIEN-
NIAL LEGISLATURE. 
‘‘In this Act, the term ‘State with a biennial 
legislature’ means a State the legislature of which meets every other year. 
‘‘SEC. 6564. INTENT OF CONGRESS. 
‘‘It is the intent of Congress that other than 
the terms and conditions expressly approved by State law under the terms of this subpart, con-trol over public education and parental rights to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.015 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1249 February 26, 2015 
control the education of their children are vest-
ed exclusively within the autonomous zone of independent authority reserved to the States and individual Americans by the United States Constitution, other than the Federal Govern-ment’s undiminishable obligation to enforce minimum Federal standards of equal protection and due process. 
‘‘SEC. 6565. PRIVACY. 
‘‘The Secretary shall ensure each grantee re-
ceiving funds under this Act understands the importance of privacy protections for students and is aware of their responsibilities under sec-tion 444 of the General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g) (commonly known as the ‘Fam-ily Education Rights and Privacy Act of 1974’). 
‘‘PART F—EVALUATIONS 
‘‘SEC. 6601. EVALUATIONS. 
‘‘(a) R ESERVATION OF FUNDS.—Except as pro-
vided in subsections (c) and (d), the Secretary may reserve not more than 0.5 percent of the amount appropriated to carry out each categor-ical program authorized under this Act. The re-served amounts shall be used by the Secretary, acting through the Director of the Institute of Education Sciences— 
‘‘(1) to conduct— ‘‘(A) comprehensive evaluations of the pro-
gram or project; 
‘‘(B) studies of the effectiveness of the pro-
gram or project and its administrative impact on schools and local educational agencies; and 
‘‘(C) the wide dissemination of evaluation 
findings under this section with respect to pro-grams authorized under this Act— 
‘‘(i) in a timely fashion; ‘‘(ii) in forms that are understandable, easily 
accessible, and usable or adaptable for use in the improvement of educational practice; 
‘‘(iii) through electronic transfer, and other 
means, such as posting, as available, to the websites of State educational agencies, local educational agencies, the Institute of Education Sciences, the Department, and other relevant places; and 
‘‘(iv) in a manner that promotes the utiliza-
tion of such findings. 
‘‘(2) to evaluate the aggregate short- and 
long-term effects and cost efficiencies across Federal programs assisted or authorized under this Act and related Federal preschool, elemen-tary, and secondary programs under any other Federal law; and 
‘‘(3) to increase the usefulness of evaluations 
of grant recipients in order to ensure the contin-uous progress of the program or project by im-proving the quality, timeliness, efficiency, and use of information relating to performance under the program or project. 
‘‘(b) R
EQUIRED PLAN.—The Secretary, acting 
through the Director of the Institute of Edu-cation Sciences, may use the reserved amount under subsection (a) only after completion of a comprehensive, multi-year plan— 
‘‘(1) for the periodic evaluation of each of the 
major categorical programs authorized under this Act, and as resources permit, the smaller categorical programs authorized under this Act; 
‘‘(2) that shall be developed and implemented 
with the involvement of other officials at the Department, as appropriate; and 
‘‘(3) that shall not be finalized until— ‘‘(A) the publication of a notice in the Federal 
Register seeking public comment on such plan and after review by the Secretary of such com-ments; and 
‘‘(B) the plan is submitted for comment to the 
Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and after review by the Secretary of such comments. 
‘‘(c) T
ITLE I EXCLUDED .—The Secretary may 
not reserve under subsection (a) funds appro-priated to carry out any program authorized under title I. 
‘‘(d) E
VALUATION ACTIVITIES AUTHORIZED  
ELSEWHERE .—If, under any other provision of this Act (other than title I), funds are author-
ized to be reserved or used for evaluation activi-ties with respect to a program or project, the Secretary may not reserve additional funds under this section for the evaluation of that program or project.’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) T ITLE IX .— 
(A) S UBPART 1 OF PART E OF TITLE VI .— 
(i) T RANSFER AND REDESIGNATION .—Sections 
9504 through 9506 (20 U.S.C. 7884, 7885, and 7886) are— 
(I) transferred to title VI, as amended by sub-
section (a) of this section; 
(II) inserted after section 6503 of such title; 
and 
(III) redesignated as sections 6504 through 
6506, respectively. 
(ii) A
MENDMENTS .—Section 6504 (as so redesig-
nated) is amended— 
(I) in subsection (a)(1)(A), by striking ‘‘section 
9502’’ and inserting ‘‘section 6502’’; 
(II) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘section 
9501’’ and inserting ‘‘section 6501’’; and 
(III) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘No Child 
Left Behind Act of 2001’’ and inserting ‘‘Student Success Act’’. 
(B) S
UBPART 2 OF PART E OF TITLE VI .— 
(i) T RANSFER AND REDESIGNATION .—Sections 
9531, 9533, and 9534 (20 U.S.C. 7911, 7913, and 7914) are— 
(I) transferred to title VI, as amended by sub-
paragraph (A) of this paragraph; 
(II) inserted after section 6525 of such title; 
and 
(III) redesignated as sections 6526 through 
6528, respectively. 
(ii) A
MENDMENTS .—Section 6528 (as so redesig-
nated) is amended— 
(I) by striking ‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Nothing’’ 
and inserting ‘‘Nothing’’; and 
(II) by striking subsection (b). (C) S
UBPART 3 OF PART E OF TITLE VI .—Sec-
tions 9523, 9524, and 9525 (20 U.S.C. 7903, 7904, and 7905) are— 
(i) transferred to title VI, as amended by sub-
paragraph (B) of this paragraph; 
(ii) inserted after section 6544 of such title; 
and 
(iii) redesignated as sections 6545 through 
6547, respectively. 
(2) T
ITLE IV .—Sections 4141 and 4155 (20 
U.S.C. 7151 and 7161) are— 
(A) transferred to title VI, as amended by this 
Act; 
(B) inserted after section 6551; and (C) redesignated as sections 6552 and 6553, re-
spectively. 
SEC. 602. REPEAL. 
Title IX (20 U.S.C. 7801 et seq.), as amended 
by section 601(b)(1) of this title, is repealed. 
SEC. 603. OTHER LAWS. 
Beginning on the date of the enactment of 
this Act, any reference in law to the term ‘‘high-ly qualified’’ as defined in section 9101 of the El-ementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 shall be treated as a reference to such term under section 9101 of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 604. AMENDMENT TO IDEA. 
Section 602 of the Individuals with Disabilities 
Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1401) is amended by striking paragraph (10). 
TITLE VII—HOMELESS EDUCATION 
SEC. 701. STATEMENT OF POLICY. 
Section 721 of the McKinney-Vento Homeless 
Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11431) is amended— 
(1) by amending paragraph (2) to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(2) In any State where compulsory residency 
requirements or other requirements, laws, regu-lations, practices, or policies may act as a bar-rier to the identification, enrollment, attend-ance, or success in school of homeless children and youths, the State and local educational agencies will review and undertake steps to re-
vise such laws, regulations, practices, or policies to ensure that homeless children and youths are afforded the same free, appropriate public edu-cation as is provided to other children and youths.’’; 
(2) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘alone’’; and (3) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘challenging 
State student academic achievement’’ and in-serting ‘‘State academic’’. 
SEC. 702. GRANTS FOR STATE AND LOCAL ACTIVI-
TIES FOR THE EDUCATION OF HOME-LESS CHILDREN AND YOUTHS. 
Section 722 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 11432) is 
amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘(g).’’ and 
inserting ‘‘(h).’’; 
(2) by striking subsection (b); (3) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1)(A)— (i) in clause (i), by adding ‘‘or’’ at the end; (ii) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘; or’’ at the end 
and inserting a period; and 
(iii) by striking clause (iii); and (B) by striking paragraph (3); (4) in subsection (d)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by 
striking ‘‘Grants’’ and inserting ‘‘Grant funds from a grant made to a State’’; 
(B) by amending paragraph (2) to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(2) To provide services and activities to im-
prove the identification of homeless children (in-cluding preschool-aged homeless children and youths) that enable such children and youths to enroll in, attend, and succeed in school, or, if appropriate, in preschool programs.’’; 
(C) in paragraph (3), by inserting before the 
period at the end the following: ‘‘that can suffi-ciently carry out the duties described in this subtitle’’; and 
(D) by amending paragraph (5) to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(5) To develop and implement professional 
development programs for liaisons designated under subsection (g)(1)(J)(ii) and other local educational agency personnel— 
‘‘(A) to improve their identification of home-
less children and youths; and 
‘‘(B) to heighten their awareness of, and ca-
pacity to respond to, specific needs in the edu-cation of homeless children and youths.’’; 
(5) in subsection (e)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘sums’’ and inserting ‘‘grant 
funds’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘a State under subsection (a) 
to’’ after ‘‘each year to’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘funds made 
available for State use under this subtitle’’ and inserting ‘‘the grant funds remaining after the State educational agency distributes subgrants under paragraph (1)’’; and 
(C) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (C)(iv)(II), by striking 
‘‘sections 1111 and 1116’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1111’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (F)— (I) in clause (i)— (aa) in the matter preceding subclause (I), by 
striking ‘‘a report’’ and inserting ‘‘an annual report’’; 
(bb) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of subclause 
(II); 
(cc) by striking the period at the end of sub-
clause (III) and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(dd) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(IV) the progress the separate schools are 
making in helping all students meet the State academic standards.’’; and 
(II) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘Not later than 
2 years after the date of enactment of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Education Assist-ance Improvements Act of 2001, the’’ and insert-ing ‘‘The’’; 
(6) by amending subsection (f) to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(f) F
UNCTIONS OF THE OFFICE OF COORDI -
NATOR .—The Coordinator for Education of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.015 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1250 February 26, 2015 
Homeless Children and Youths established in 
each State shall— 
‘‘(1) gather and make publically available reli-
able, valid, and comprehensive information on— 
‘‘(A) the number of homeless children and 
youths identified in the State, posted annually on the State educational agency’s website; 
‘‘(B) the nature and extent of the problems 
homeless children and youths have in gaining access to public preschool programs and to pub-lic elementary schools and secondary schools; 
‘‘(C) the difficulties in identifying the special 
needs and barriers to the participation and achievement of such children and youths; 
‘‘(D) any progress made by the State edu-
cational agency and local educational agencies in the State in addressing such problems and difficulties; and 
‘‘(E) the success of the programs under this 
subtitle in identifying homeless children and youths and allowing such children and youths to enroll in, attend, and succeed in, school; 
‘‘(2) develop and carry out the State plan de-
scribed in subsection (g); 
‘‘(3) collect data for and transmit to the Sec-
retary, at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may require, a report containing in-formation necessary to assess the educational needs of homeless children and youths within the State, including data necessary for the Sec-retary to fulfill the responsibilities under section 724(h); 
‘‘(4) in order to improve the provision of com-
prehensive education and related support serv-ices to homeless children and youths and their families, coordinate and collaborate with— 
‘‘(A) educators, including teachers, special 
education personnel, administrators, and child development and preschool program personnel; 
‘‘(B) providers of services to homeless children 
and youths and their families, including services of public and private child welfare and social services agencies, law enforcement agencies, ju-venile and family courts, agencies providing mental health services, domestic violence agen-cies, child care providers, runaway and home-less youth centers, and providers of services and programs funded under the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act (42 U.S.C. 5701 et seq.); 
‘‘(C) providers of emergency, transitional, and 
permanent housing to homeless children and youths, and their families, including public housing agencies, shelter operators, operators of transitional housing facilities, and providers of transitional living programs for homeless youths; 
‘‘(D) local educational agency liaisons des-
ignated under subsection (g)(1)(J)(ii) for home-less children and youths; and 
‘‘(E) community organizations and groups 
representing homeless children and youths and their families; 
‘‘(5) provide technical assistance to local edu-
cational agencies, in coordination with local educational agency liaisons designated under subsection (g)(1)(J)(ii), to ensure that local edu-cational agencies comply with the requirements of subsection (e)(3), paragraphs (3) through (7) of subsection (g), and subsection (h); 
‘‘(6) provide professional development oppor-
tunities for local educational agency personnel and the homeless liaison designated under sub-section (g)(1)(J)(ii) to assist such personnel in meeting the needs of homeless children and youths; and 
‘‘(7) respond to inquiries from parents and 
guardians of homeless children and youths and unaccompanied youths to ensure that each child or youth who is the subject of such an inquiry receives the full protections and services pro-vided by this subtitle.’’; 
(7) by amending subsection (g) to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(g) S
TATE PLAN.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In order to be eligible to re-
ceive a grant under this section, each State edu-cational agency shall submit to the Secretary a plan to provide for the education of homeless children and youths within the State that in-
cludes the following: 
‘‘(A) A description of how such children and 
youths are (or will be) given the opportunity to meet the same State academic standards that all students are expected to meet. 
‘‘(B) A description of the procedures the State 
educational agency will use to identify such children and youths in the State and to assess their needs. 
‘‘(C) A description of procedures for the 
prompt resolution of disputes regarding the edu-cational placement of homeless children and youths. 
‘‘(D) A description of programs for school per-
sonnel (including liaisons, school leaders, at-tendance officers, teachers, enrollment per-sonnel, and specialized instructional support personnel) to heighten the awareness of such personnel of the specific needs of homeless ado-lescents, including runaway and homeless youths. 
‘‘(E) A description of procedures that ensure 
that homeless children and youths who meet the relevant eligibility criteria are able to partici-pate in Federal, State, or local nutrition pro-grams. 
‘‘(F) A description of procedures that ensure 
that— 
‘‘(i) homeless children have equal access to 
public preschool programs, administered by the State educational agency or local educational agency, as provided to other children in the State; 
‘‘(ii) homeless youths and youths separated 
from public schools are identified and accorded equal access to appropriate secondary education and support services; and 
‘‘(iii) homeless children and youths who meet 
the relevant eligibility criteria are able to par-ticipate in Federal, State, or local education programs. 
‘‘(G) Strategies to address problems identified 
in the report provided to the Secretary under subsection (f)(3). 
‘‘(H) Strategies to address other problems with 
respect to the education of homeless children and youths, including problems resulting from enrollment delays that are caused by— 
‘‘(i) immunization and other health records 
requirements; 
‘‘(ii) residency requirements; ‘‘(iii) lack of birth certificates, school records, 
or other documentation; 
‘‘(iv) guardianship issues; or ‘‘(v) uniform or dress code requirements. 
‘‘(I) A demonstration that the State edu-
cational agency and local educational agencies in the State have developed, and shall review and revise, policies to remove barriers to the identification, enrollment, and retention of homeless children and youths in schools in the State. 
‘‘(J) Assurances that the following will be car-
ried out: 
‘‘(i) The State educational agency and local 
educational agencies in the State will adopt policies and practices to ensure that homeless children and youths are not stigmatized or seg-regated on the basis of their status as homeless. 
‘‘(ii) Local educational agencies will designate 
an appropriate staff person, who may also be a coordinator for other Federal programs, as a local educational agency liaison for homeless children and youths, to carry out the duties de-scribed in paragraph (6)(A). 
‘‘(iii) The State and its local educational 
agencies will adopt policies and practices to en-sure that transportation is provided, at the re-quest of the parent or guardian (or in the case of an unaccompanied youth, the liaison), to and from the school of origin, as determined in para-graph (3)(A), in accordance with the following, as applicable: 
‘‘(I) If the child or youth continues to live in 
the area served by the local educational agency in which the school of origin is located, the child’s or youth’s transportation to and from the school of origin shall be provided or ar-
ranged by the local educational agency in which the school of origin is located. 
‘‘(II) If the child’s or youth’s living arrange-
ments in the area served by the local edu-cational agency of origin terminate and the child or youth, though continuing his or her education in the school of origin, begins living in an area served by another local educational agency, the local educational agency of origin and the local educational agency in which the child or youth is living shall agree upon a meth-od to apportion the responsibility and costs for providing the child with transportation to and from the school of origin. If the local edu-cational agencies are unable to agree upon such method, the responsibility and costs for trans-portation shall be shared equally. 
‘‘(2) C
OMPLIANCE .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each plan adopted under 
this subsection shall also describe how the State will ensure that local educational agencies in the State will comply with the requirements of paragraphs (3) through (7). 
‘‘(B) C
OORDINATION .—Such plan shall indi-
cate what technical assistance the State will furnish to local educational agencies and how compliance efforts will be coordinated with the local educational agency liaisons designated under paragraph (1)(J)(ii). 
‘‘(3) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY REQUIRE -
MENTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The local educational 
agency serving each child or youth to be as-sisted under this subtitle shall, according to the child’s or youth’s best interest— 
‘‘(i) continue the child’s or youth’s education 
in the school of origin for the duration of home-lessness— 
‘‘(I) in any case in which a family becomes 
homeless between academic years or during an academic year; or 
‘‘(II) for the remainder of the academic year, 
if the child or youth becomes permanently housed during an academic year; or 
‘‘(ii) enroll the child or youth in any public 
school that nonhomeless students who live in the attendance area in which the child or youth is actually living are eligible to attend. 
‘‘(B) S
CHOOL STABILITY .—In determining the 
best interest of the child or youth under sub-paragraph (A), the local educational agency shall— 
‘‘(i) presume that keeping the child or youth 
in the school of origin is in the child or youth’s best interest, except when doing so is contrary to the wishes of the child’s or youth’s parent or guardian, or the unaccompanied youth; 
‘‘(ii) consider student-centered factors related 
to the child’s or youth’s best interest, including factors related to the impact of mobility on achievement, education, health, and safety of homeless children and youth, giving priority to the wishes of the homeless child’s or youth’s parent of guardian or the unaccompanied youth involved; 
‘‘(iii) if, after conducting the best interest de-
termination based on consideration of the pre-sumption in clause (i) and the student-centered factors in clause (ii), the local educational agen-cy determines that it is not in the child’s or youth’s best interest to attend the school of ori-gin or the school requested by the parent, guardian, or unaccompanied youth, provide the child’s or youth’s parent or guardian or the un-accompanied youth with a written explanation of the reasons for its determination, in a manner and form understandable to such parent, guard-ian, or unaccompanied youth, including infor-mation regarding the right to appeal under sub-paragraph (E); and 
‘‘(iv) in the case of an unaccompanied youth, 
ensure that the homeless liaison designated under paragraph (1)(J)(ii) assists in placement or enrollment decisions under this subpara-graph, gives priority to the views of such unac-companied youth, and provides notice to such youth of the right to appeal under subpara-graph (E). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.015 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1251 February 26, 2015 
‘‘(C) E NROLLMENT .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The school selected in ac-
cordance with this paragraph shall immediately enroll the homeless child or youth, even if the child or youth— 
‘‘(I) is unable to produce records normally re-
quired for enrollment, such as previous aca-demic records, records of immunization and other required health records, proof of resi-dency, or other documentation; or 
‘‘(II) has missed application or enrollment 
deadlines during any period of homelessness. 
‘‘(ii) R
ELEVANT ACADEMIC RECORDS .—The en-
rolling school shall immediately contact the school last attended by the child or youth to ob-tain relevant academic and other records. 
‘‘(iii) R
ELEVANT HEALTH RECORDS .—If the 
child or youth needs to obtain immunizations or other required health records, the enrolling school shall immediately refer the parent or guardian of the child or youth, or the unaccom-panied child or youth, to the local educational agency liaison designated under paragraph (1)(J)(ii), who shall assist in obtaining necessary immunizations or screenings, or immunization or other required health records, in accordance with subparagraph (D). 
‘‘(D) R
ECORDS .—Any record ordinarily kept 
by the school, including immunization or other required health records, academic records, birth certificates, guardianship records, and evalua-tions for special services or programs, regarding each homeless child or youth shall be main-tained— 
‘‘(i) so that the records involved are available, 
in a timely fashion, when a child or youth en-ters a new school or school district; and 
‘‘(ii) in a manner consistent with section 444 
of the General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g). 
‘‘(E) E
NROLLMENT DISPUTES .—If a dispute 
arises over school selection or enrollment in a school— 
‘‘(i) the child or youth shall be immediately 
enrolled in the school in which enrollment is sought, pending final resolution of the dispute, including all available appeals; 
‘‘(ii) the parent, guardian, or unaccompanied 
youth shall be provided with a written expla-nation of any decisions made by the school, the local educational agency, or the State edu-cational agency involved, including the rights of the parent, guardian, or youth to appeal such decisions; 
‘‘(iii) the parent, guardian, or unaccompanied 
youth shall be referred to the local educational agency liaison designated under paragraph (1)(J)(ii), who shall carry out the dispute resolu-tion process as described in paragraph (1)(C) as expeditiously as possible after receiving notice of the dispute; and 
‘‘(iv) in the case of an unaccompanied youth, 
the liaison shall ensure that the youth is imme-diately enrolled in school in which the youth seeks enrollment pending resolution of such dis-pute. 
‘‘(F) P
LACEMENT CHOICE .—The choice regard-
ing placement shall be made regardless of whether the child or youth lives with the home-less parents or has been temporarily placed else-where. 
‘‘(G) S
CHOOL OF ORIGIN DEFINED .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—In this paragraph, the term 
‘school of origin’ means the school that a child or youth attended when permanently housed or the school in which the child or youth was last enrolled. 
‘‘(ii) R
ECEIVING SCHOOL .—When the child or 
youth completes the final grade level served by the school of origin, as described in clause (i), the term ‘‘school of origin’’ shall include the designated receiving school at the next grade level for all feeder schools. 
‘‘(H) C
ONTACT INFORMATION .—Nothing in this 
subtitle shall prohibit a local educational agen-cy from requiring a parent or guardian of a homeless child to submit contact information. 
‘‘(I) P
RIVACY .—Information about a homeless 
child’s or youth’s living situation shall be treat-ed as a student education record under section 
444 of the General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g) and shall not be released to hous-ing providers, employers, law enforcement per-sonnel, or other persons or agencies not author-ized to have such information under section 99.31 of title 34, Code of Federal Regulations. 
‘‘(J) A
CADEMIC ACHIEVEMENT .—The school se-
lected in accordance with this paragraph shall ensure that homeless children and youths have opportunities to meet the same State academic standards to which other students are held. 
‘‘(4) C
OMPARABLE SERVICES .—Each homeless 
child or youth to be assisted under this subtitle shall be provided services comparable to services offered to other students in the school selected under paragraph (3), including the following: 
‘‘(A) Transportation services. ‘‘(B) Educational services for which the child 
or youth meets the eligibility criteria, such as services provided under title I of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.) or similar State or local programs, educational programs for children with disabil-ities, and educational programs for English learners. 
‘‘(C) Programs in career and technical edu-
cation. 
‘‘(D) Programs for gifted and talented stu-
dents. 
‘‘(E) School nutrition programs. ‘‘(5) C
OORDINATION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each local educational 
agency serving homeless children and youths that receives assistance under this subtitle shall coordinate— 
‘‘(i) the provision of services under this sub-
title with local social services agencies and other agencies or entities providing services to home-less children and youths and their families, in-cluding services and programs funded under the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act (42 U.S.C. 5701 et seq.); and 
‘‘(ii) transportation, transfer of school 
records, and other interdistrict activities, with other local educational agencies. 
‘‘(B) H
OUSING ASSISTANCE .—If applicable, 
each State educational agency and local edu-cational agency that receives assistance under this subtitle shall coordinate with State and local housing agencies responsible for devel-oping the comprehensive housing affordability strategy described in section 105 of the Cran-ston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 12705) to minimize educational dis-ruption for children and youths who become homeless. 
‘‘(C) C
OORDINATION PURPOSE .—The coordina-
tion required under subparagraphs (A) and (B) shall be designed to— 
‘‘(i) ensure that all homeless children and 
youths are promptly identified; 
‘‘(ii) ensure that homeless children and youths 
have access to, and are in reasonable proximity to, available education and related support serv-ices; and 
‘‘(iii) raise the awareness of school personnel 
and service providers of the effects of short-term stays in a shelter and other challenges associ-ated with homelessness. 
‘‘(D) H
OMELESS CHILDREN AND YOUTHS WITH  
DISABILITIES .—For children and youths who are 
to be assisted both under this subtitle, and under the Individuals with Disabilities Edu-cation Act (20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.) or section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. 794), each local educational agency shall coordinate the provision of services under this subtitle with the provision of programs for children with dis-abilities served by that local educational agency and other involved local educational agencies. 
‘‘(6) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY LIAISON .— 
‘‘(A) D UTIES .—Each local educational agency 
liaison for homeless children and youths, des-ignated under paragraph (1)(J)(ii), shall ensure that— 
‘‘(i) homeless children and youths are identi-
fied by school personnel through outreach and coordination activities with other entities and 
agencies; 
‘‘(ii) homeless children and youths are en-
rolled in, and have a full and equal opportunity to succeed in, schools of that local educational agency; 
‘‘(iii) homeless families, children, and youths 
have access to and receive educational services for which such families, children, and youths are eligible, including services through Head Start, Early Head Start, early intervention, and preschool programs administered by the local educational agency; 
‘‘(iv) homeless families, children, and youths 
receive referrals to health care services, dental services, mental health and substances abuse 
services, housing services, and other appropriate services; 
‘‘(v) the parents or guardians of homeless 
children and youths are informed of the edu-cational and related opportunities available to their children and are provided with meaningful opportunities to participate in the education of their children; 
‘‘(vi) public notice of the educational rights of 
homeless children and youths is disseminated in locations frequented by parents or guardians of such children and youths, and unaccompanied youths, including schools, shelters, public li-braries, and soup kitchens in a manner and form understandable to the parents and guard-ians of homeless children and youths, and unac-companied youths; 
‘‘(vii) enrollment disputes are mediated in ac-
cordance with paragraph (3)(E); 
‘‘(viii) the parent or guardian of a homeless 
child or youth, and any unaccompanied youth, is fully informed of all transportation services, including transportation to the school of origin, as described in paragraph (1)(J)(iii), and is as-sisted in accessing transportation to the school that is selected under paragraph (3)(A); 
‘‘(ix) school personnel providing services 
under this subtitle receive professional develop-ment and other support; and 
‘‘(x) unaccompanied youths— ‘‘(I) are enrolled in school; ‘‘(II) have opportunities to meet the same 
State academic standards to which other stu-dents are held, including through implementa-tion of the policies and practices required by paragraph (1)(F)(ii); and 
‘‘(III) are informed of their status as inde-
pendent students under section 480 of the High-er Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087vv) and receive verification of such status for purposes of the Free Application for Federal Student Aid described in section 483 of such Act (20 U.S.C. 1090). 
‘‘(B) N
OTICE .—State coordinators established 
under subsection (d)(3) and local educational agencies shall inform school personnel, service providers, advocates working with homeless families, parents and guardians of homeless children and youths, and homeless children and youths of the duties of the local educational agency liaisons, including publishing an annu-ally updated list of the liaisons on the State educational agency’s website. 
‘‘(C) L
OCAL AND STATE COORDINATION .—Local 
educational agency liaisons for homeless chil-dren and youths shall, as a part of their duties, coordinate and collaborate with State coordina-tors and community and school personnel re-sponsible for the provision of education and re-lated services to homeless children and youths. Such coordination shall include collecting and providing to the State Coordinator the reliable, valid, and comprehensive data needed to meet the requirements of paragraphs (1) and (3) of subsection (f). 
‘‘(7) R
EVIEW AND REVISIONS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each State educational 
agency and local educational agency that re-ceives assistance under this subtitle shall review and revise any policies that may act as barriers to the enrollment of homeless children and youths in schools that are selected under para-graph (3). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.015 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1252 February 26, 2015 
‘‘(B) C ONSIDERATION .—In reviewing and revis-
ing such policies, consideration shall be given to issues concerning transportation, immunization, residency, birth certificates, school records and other documentation, and guardianship. 
‘‘(C) S
PECIAL ATTENTION .—Special attention 
shall be given to ensuring the enrollment and attendance of homeless children and youths who are not currently attending school.’’; 
(8) in subsection (h)(1)(A), by striking ‘‘fiscal 
year 2009,’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal years 2014 through 2019,’’; and 
(9) in subsection (h)(4), by striking ‘‘fiscal 
year 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal years 2014 through 2019’’. 
SEC. 703. LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY SUB-
GRANTS FOR THE EDUCATION OF HOMELESS CHILDREN AND YOUTHS. 
Section 723 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 11433) is 
amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘facilitating 
the enrollment,’’ and inserting ‘‘facilitating the identification, enrollment,’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2)(A)— (i) by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end of clause (i); (ii) by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a period 
at the end of clause (ii); and 
(iii) by striking clause (iii); and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) D
URATION OF GRANTS .—Subgrants award-
ed under this section shall be for terms of not to exceed 3 years.’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking paragraph (3) and redesig-
nating paragraphs (4) and (5) as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) An assurance that the local educational 
agency will collect and promptly provide data requested by the State Coordinator pursuant to paragraphs (1) and (3) of section 722(f). 
‘‘(6) An assurance that the local educational 
agency has removed barriers to complying with the requirements of section 722(g)(1)(I).’’; 
(3) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘726’’ and 
inserting ‘‘722(a)’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘identi-
fication,’’ before ‘‘enrollment’’; 
(ii) by amending subparagraph (B) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(B) The extent to which the application re-
flects coordination with other local and State agencies that serve homeless children and youths.’’; and 
(iii) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘(as of 
the date of submission of the application)’’ after ‘‘current practice’’; 
(C) in paragraph (3)— (i) by amending subparagraph (C) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(C) The extent to which the applicant will 
promote meaningful involvement of parents or guardians of homeless children or youths in the education of their children.’’; 
(ii) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘within’’ 
and inserting ‘‘into’’; 
(iii) in subparagraph (G)— (I) by striking ‘‘Such’’ and inserting ‘‘The ex-
tent to which the applicant’s program meets such’’; and 
(II) by striking ‘‘case management or related’’; (iv) by redesignating subparagraph (G) as 
subparagraph (I) and inserting after subpara-graph (F) the following: 
‘‘(G) The extent to which the local edu-
cational agency will use the subgrant to lever-age resources, including by maximizing nonsubgrant funding for the position of the liai-son described in section 722(g)(1)(J)(ii) and the provision of transportation. 
‘‘(H) How the local educational agency uses 
funds to serve homeless children and youths under section 1113(c)(3) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6313(c)(3)).’’; and (v) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(J) An assurance that the applicant will meet 
the requirements of section 722(g)(3).’’; and 
(D) by striking paragraph (4); and (4) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘challenging State academic 
content standards’’ and inserting ‘‘State aca-demic standards’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘and challenging State student 
academic achievement standards’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘students with limited English 
proficiency,’’ and inserting ‘‘English learners,’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘vocational’’ and inserting 
‘‘career’’; 
(C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘pupil serv-
ices’’ and inserting ‘‘specialized instructional support’’; 
(D) in paragraph (7), by striking ‘‘, and unac-
companied youths,’’ and inserting ‘‘, particu-larly homeless children and youths who are not enrolled in school,’’; 
(E) in paragraph (9) by striking ‘‘medical’’ 
and inserting ‘‘other required health’’; 
(F) in paragraph (10), by inserting before the 
period at the end ‘‘, and other activities de-signed to increase the meaningful involvement of parents or guardians of homeless children or youths in the education of their children’’; 
(G) in paragraph (12), by striking ‘‘pupil’’ and 
inserting ‘‘specialized instructional support’’; and 
(H) in paragraph (13), by inserting before the 
period at the end ‘‘and parental mental health or substance abuse problems’’. 
SEC. 704. SECRETARIAL RESPONSIBILITIES. 
Section 724 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 11434) is 
amended— 
(1) by amending subsection (c) to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(c) N OTICE .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall, before 
the next school year that begins after the date of the enactment of the Student Success Act, up-date and disseminate nationwide the public no-tice described in this subsection (as in effect prior to such date) of the educational rights of homeless children and youths. 
‘‘(2) D
ISSEMINATION .—The Secretary shall dis-
seminate the notice nationally to all Federal agencies, program grantees, and grant recipients serving homeless families, children, and youths.’’; 
(2) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘and dissemi-
nation’’ and inserting ‘‘, dissemination, and technical assistance’’; 
(3) in subsection (e)— (A) by striking ‘‘applications for grants under 
this subtitle’’ and inserting ‘‘plans for the use of grant funds under section 722’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘60-day’’ and inserting ‘‘120- 
day’’; and 
(C) by striking ‘‘120-day’’ and inserting ‘‘180- 
day’’; 
(4) in subsection (f), by adding at the end the 
following: ‘‘The Secretary shall provide support and technical assistance to State educational agencies in areas in which barriers to a free ap-propriate public education persist.’’; 
(5) by amending subsection (g) to read as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(g) G
UIDELINES .—The Secretary shall de-
velop, issue, and publish in the Federal Reg-ister, not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of the Student Success Act, strategies by which a State— 
‘‘(1) may assist local educational agencies to 
implement the provisions amended by the Act; and 
‘‘(2) can review and revise State policies and 
procedures that may present barriers to the identification, enrollment, attendance, and suc-cess of homeless children and youths in school.’’; 
(6) in subsection (h)(1)(A), by inserting ‘‘in all 
areas served by local educational agencies’’ be-fore the semicolon at the end; and (7) in subsection (i), by striking ‘‘McKinney- 
Vento Homeless Education Assistance Improve-ments Act of 2001’’ and inserting ‘‘Student Suc-cess Act’’. 
SEC. 705. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 725 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 11434a) is 
amended— 
(1) in paragraph (2)(B)(iv), by striking ‘‘1309’’ 
and inserting ‘‘1139’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘9101’’ and 
inserting ‘‘6101’’. 
SEC. 706. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Section 726 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 11435) is 
amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 726. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
‘‘For the purpose of carrying out this subtitle, 
there are authorized to be appropriated $65,042,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021.’’. 
TITLE VIII—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
SEC. 801. FINDINGS; SENSE OF THE CONGRESS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The Congress finds as follows: 
(1) To avoid negative attention and litigation, 
some local educational agencies have entered into agreements with employees who are sus-pected of abusing or are known to have abused students. 
(2) Instead of reporting sexual misconduct 
with minors to the proper authorities such as the police or child welfare services, under such agreements the local educational agencies, schools, and employees keep the information private and facilitate the employee’s transfer to another local educational agency. 
(b) S
ENSE OF THE CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
the Congress that— 
(1) confidentiality agreements between local 
educational agencies or schools and suspected child sex abusers should be prohibited; 
(2) the practice of employee transfers after 
suspected or proven sexual misconduct should be stopped, and States should require local edu-cational agencies and schools to provide law en-forcement with all information regarding sexual conduct between an employee and a minor; and 
(3) Congress should help protect children and 
help stop this unacceptable practice in our schools. 
‘‘SEC. 802. PREVENTING IMPROPER USE OF TAX-
PAYER FUNDS. 
To ensure any misuse of taxpayer funds is 
stopped or prevented before it occurs, the Sec-retary of Educaiton— 
(1) shall ensure that each recipient of a grant 
or subgrant under the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.) prominently displays the Department of Education Office of Inspector General hotline contact information so any individual who ob-serves, detects, or suspects improper use of tax-payer funds can easily report such improper use; 
(2) annually shall notify employees of the De-
partment of Education of their responsibility to report fraud; and 
(3) shall ensure that applicants for grants or 
subgrants under such Act are aware of their re-quirement to submit truthful and accurate infor-mation when applying for grants or subgrants and responding to monitoring and compliance reviews. 
The Acting CHAIR. No further 
amendment to the bill, as amended, shall be in order except those printed in part B of House Report 114–29. Each such further amendment shall be con-sidered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Mem-ber designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, may be withdrawn by its proponent at any 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.015 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1253 February 26, 2015 
time before action thereon, shall not be 
subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . KENNEDY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 1 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 11, after line 2, insert the following 
new subparagraph: 
‘‘(F) Section 152 of the Student Success 
Act.’’. 
Page 225, after line 17, insert the following 
new section: 
SEC. 152. STEM GATEWAY GRANT PROGRAM. 
(a) P ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—A State edu-
cational agency shall award grants to eligi-ble entities, on a competitive basis, to en-able such eligible entities to carry out pro-grams described in subsection (d) to achieve, with respect to women and girls, underrep-resented minorities, and individuals from all economic backgrounds (including economi-cally disadvantaged individuals and individ-uals living in economically distressed areas), 1 or more of the following goals: 
(1) Encourage interest in the STEM fields 
at the elementary school or secondary school levels. 
(2) Motivate engagement in STEM fields by 
providing relevant hands-on learning oppor-tunities at the elementary school and sec-ondary school levels. 
(3) Support classroom success in STEM dis-
ciplines at the elementary school or sec-ondary school levels. 
(4) Support workforce training and career 
preparation in STEM fields at the secondary school level. 
(5) Improve access to career and continuing 
education opportunities in STEM fields at the secondary school level. 
(b) L
IMITATION .—A State educational agen-
cy may award grants under this section for not longer than a 5-year period. 
(c) A
PPLICATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Each eligible entity that 
desires to receive a grant under this section shall submit an application to the State edu-cational agency at such time, in such man-ner, and containing such information as the State educational agency may reasonably re-quire. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—An application submitted 
under paragraph (1) shall contain— 
(A) in the case of an eligible entity that 
plans to use the grant funds at the elemen-tary school level— 
(i) a description of the programs the eligi-
ble entity will carry out to achieve 1 or more of the goals described in paragraphs (1) through (3) of subsection (a) at the elemen-tary school level, including the content of the programs and research and models used to design the programs; and 
(ii) a description of how the programs de-
scribed in clause (i) will support the success of women and girls, underrepresented mi-norities, and individuals from all economic backgrounds (including economically dis-advantaged individuals and individuals liv-ing in economically distressed areas) in STEM education, such as— 
(I) recruiting women and girls, underrep-
resented minorities, and individuals from all economic backgrounds (including economi-cally disadvantaged individuals and individ-uals living in economically distressed areas) to participate in the programs; (II) supporting educators who will lead the 
programs, and participants in the programs; 
(III) encouraging partnerships between in- 
school and out-of-school educators, such as afterschool providers, science centers, and museums; 
(IV) identifying public and private partners 
that are able to support the programs; and 
(V) planning for sustaining the programs 
financially beyond the grant period; and 
(B) in the case of an eligible entity that 
plans to use the grant funds at the secondary school level— 
(i) a description of the programs the eligi-
ble entity will carry out to achieve 1 or more of the goals described in paragraphs (1) through (5) of subsection (a) at the secondary school level, including the content of the programs and research and models used to design the programs; 
(ii) a description of how the programs de-
scribed in clause (i) will support the success of women and girls, underrepresented mi-norities, and individuals from all economic backgrounds (including economically dis-advantaged individuals and individuals liv-ing in economically distressed areas) in STEM education and workforce training that prepares such individuals to take advantage of employment opportunities in STEM fields, such as— 
(I) recruiting women and girls, underrep-
resented minorities, and individuals from all economic backgrounds (including economi-cally disadvantaged individuals and individ-uals living in economically distressed areas) to participate in the programs; 
(II) supporting educators who will lead 
such programs, and participants in the pro-grams; 
(III) identifying public and private part-
ners that are able to support the programs; 
(IV) partnering with institutions of higher 
education or institutions providing informal science education, such as afterschool pro-grams and science centers and museums; 
(V) partnering with institutions of higher 
education; and 
(VI) planning for sustaining the programs 
financially beyond the grant period; 
(iii) a review of the industry and business 
workforce needs, including the demand for workers with knowledge or training in a 
STEM field; and 
(iv) an analysis of job openings that re-
quire knowledge or training in a STEM field. 
(d) F
UNDS .— 
(1) R EQUIRED USE OF FUNDS .—An eligible 
entity that receives a grant under this sec-tion shall use such grant funds to carry out programs to achieve 1 or more of the goals described in subsection (a) at the elementary school or secondary school levels, with re-spect to women and girls, underrepresented minorities, and students from all economic backgrounds (including economically dis-advantaged individuals and students living in economically distressed areas). 
(2) A
UTHORIZED USE OF FUNDS .—The pro-
grams described in paragraph (1) may in-clude any of the following activities, with re-spect to the individuals described in para-graph (1): 
(A) Carrying out the activities described in 
subparagraph(A)(ii) or B)(ii) of subsection (c)(2), as appropriate. 
(B) Providing professional development for 
teachers, afterschool providers, and other school personnel in elementary schools or secondary schools, including professional de-velopment to encourage, through academic instruction and support, such individuals to pursue advanced classes and careers in STEM fields. 
(C) Providing tutoring and mentoring pro-
grams in STEM fields. 
(D) Establishing partnerships with institu-
tions of higher education, potential employ-ers, and other industry stakeholders that ex-
pose such individuals to professionals in STEM fields, or providing opportunities for postsecondary academic credits or creden-tials. 
(E) Providing after-school activities and 
other informal learning opportunities de-signed to encourage interest and develop skills in STEM fields. 
(F) Providing summer programs to extend 
learning time and to deepen the skills and interest in STEM fields of such individuals. 
(G) Purchasing and utilizing— (i) educational or instructional materials 
that are designed to improve educational outcomes in STEM fields, and will serve to deepen the skills and interest in STEM fields of such individuals; or 
(ii) equipment, instrumentation, or hard-
ware used to teach and encourage interest in STEM fields. 
(H) Internships or opportunities for experi-
ential learning in STEM fields. 
(e) R
EPORT .— 
(1) E LIGIBLE ENTITIES .—Each eligible entity 
receiving a grant under this section shall, on an annual basis, submit a report to the State educational agency on the use of funds and the number of students who participated in the programs carried out with the grant funds. 
(2) S
TATE EDUCATIONAL AGENCY .—Each 
State educational agency shall, on an annual basis, submit to the Secretary a report on the use of funds and the number of students who participated in the programs carried out 
in the State with the grant funds. 
(3) S
ECRETARY .—The Secretary shall, on an 
annual basis, and using the reports received under paragraph (2), report to Congress on the overall impact and effectiveness of the grant program under this section. 
(f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) ESEA DEFINITIONS .—The terms ‘‘edu-
cational service agency’’, ‘‘elementary school’’, ‘‘local educational agency’’, ‘‘insti-tution of higher education’’, ‘‘secondary school’’, ‘‘Secretary’’, and ‘‘State’’ have the meanings given the terms in section 6101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801). 
(2) C
OMMUNITY COLLEGE .—The term ‘‘com-
munity college’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘junior or community college’’ in sec-tion 312 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1058). 
(3) E
CONOMICALLY DISADVANTAGED INDI -
VIDUAL .—The term ‘‘economically disadvan-
taged individual’’ has the meaning given the term in section 400.4 of title 34, Code of Fed-eral Regulations, as such section is in effect on the date of enactment of this Act. 
(4) E
CONOMICALLY DISTRESSED AREA .—The 
term ‘‘economically distressed area’’ means a county or equivalent division of local gov-ernment of a State in which, according to the most recently available data from the Bureau of the Census, 40 percent or more of the residents have an annual income that is at or below the poverty level. 
(5) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘‘eligible 
entity’’ means— 
(A) a local educational agency; (B) an educational service agency serving 
more than 1 local educational agency; 
(C) a consortium of local educational agen-
cies; 
(D) a nonprofit organization that— (i) works with elementary schools, sec-
ondary schools, or institutions of higher edu-cation; and 
(ii) has demonstrated a commitment to 
achieving the goals described in paragraphs (1) through (4) of subsection (a); or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.048 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1254 February 26, 2015 
(E) a community college working in part-
nership with secondary schools to create op-portunities for dual enrollment, credit trans-fer, or accelerated postsecondary credentialing. 
(6) P
ARTNERS .—The term ‘‘partners’’ means 
organizations that employ workers in STEM- related careers or organizations with dem-onstrated expertise in identifying, scaling, and implementing successful practices in STEM education and workforce develop-ment. 
(7) STEM.—The term ‘‘STEM’’ means— (A) science, technology, engineering, and 
mathematics; and 
(B) other academic subjects that build on 
the subjects described in subparagraph (A), such as computer science. 
(8) U
NDERREPRESENTED MINORITY .—The 
term ‘‘underrepresented minority’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘minority’’ in sec-tion 637.4(b) of title 34, Code of Federal Regu-lations, as such section is in effect on the date of enactment of this Act. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 125, the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) and 
a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Massachusetts. 
Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today to offer an amendment rooted in values that I know we all share. While we may disagree over various aspects of Federal policy in K–12 education, there are important areas where we can in fact find common ground. 
We all believe that our children de-
serve an education that prepares him or her to succeed in a modern economy. We all know that far too many children don’t get that chance today—particu-larly children in minority and high- poverty schools. We all know that over the next 10 years, jobs in STEM fields— science, technology, engineering, and mathematics—are expected to grow at almost twice the rate of jobs in other fields. 
Today, in Massachusetts, Mr. Chair-
man, the unemployment rate for His-panic residents is 60 percent higher than for their White neighbors, and it is over 110 percent higher for African Americans. Even more alarming, the poverty rate for Black families in Mas-sachusetts is 144 percent higher than their White neighbors and 273 percent higher for Hispanics. Shockingly, those numbers are actually better than far more States across the country. 
While our economy is steadily im-
proving, that gap is a dangerous eco-nomic undercurrent that, left unaddressed, will affect us all. In an in-creasing globalized and competitive economy, we need to ensure that we are tapping all the talent and potential that we have here in America in order to succeed. 
Title I funds are some of the best re-
sources the Federal Government has to make sure that every child in every school has a fair chance at the starting line, delivering much-needed assistance to schools that disproportionately serve minority and low-income com-munities. But this bill, in its current form, would jeopardize the already in-adequate resources that so many 
schools depend on. 
The Democratic substitute is a better 
path. It would protect those title I re-
sources and allow them to serve their original civil rights purpose: to ensure that each of our students has an equal chance to succeed. 
I join my Democratic colleagues in 
wishing that we were not considering a bill today that would consolidate title I funds and undermine their historic role. But the amendment I offer today says that even if we are going to be liv-ing in the proposed world of cuts and block grants, STEM education and eco-nomic justice are still priorities we must elevate. 
My amendment would simply allow 
but not require States to use their flexible title I funding for grants that support the success of women, minori-ties, and low-income students in STEM. 
Too often, Mr. Speaker, the resources 
our teachers need to prepare their stu-dents for jobs today and tomorrow are limited by ZIP Code, gender, and race. That makes this far more than an eco-nomic issue. It is a civil rights issue that will define our society for genera-tions to come. 
I know that we all support equal ac-
cess to the jobs of a modern economy. That is why we must pass this amend-ment, increase the reach of STEM edu-cation into communities that need it most, and ensure that a student’s po-tential isn’t limited by the street that he or she grows up on. 
With that, Mr. Speaker, I reserve the 
balance of my time. 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
the time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
my colleague for offering this amend-ment, even though I am opposed to it. 
The Federal Government has taken a 
very active role in improving STEM education. In fact, in a count I took a couple of years ago, there were over 200 Federal STEM programs, but our multibillion-dollar investment is fail-ing to produce strong results—not be-cause of lack of funding, but because of too much bureaucracy. 
Let’s stop throwing money at new 
programs and instead provide States and local districts the flexibility to in-vest in programs that produce more ef-ficient and effective results instead of Washington’s priorities. 
I agree with the importance of this 
issue for the future of our skilled work-force, but I have concerns that it intro-duces yet another Federal program. 
For these reasons, I oppose the 
amendment, but urge my colleagues to support the bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Chairman, if I 
might inquire as to the time I have re-maining. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Massachusetts has 1
1⁄2minutes re-
maining. Mr. KENNEDY. I yield 1 minute to 
my colleague from Connecticut (Ms. E
STY). 
Ms. ESTY. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today in support of this commonsense amendment, and I want to thank my good friend, Congressman K
ENNEDY , for 
his leadership on this issue. 
This amendment supports equal op-
portunities for all of our children. Many of the good-paying jobs of the fu-ture will require STEM skills, and we as a country must do better to ensure that all children, no matter who they are or where they live, receive quality math and science education. 
For far too long, efforts to expand 
STEM education have left girls and children of color behind. As wages re-main flat and income inequality only deepens across our country, ensuring access to quality STEM education for every child is not just a moral impera-tive, it is an economic necessity. Our children deserve these opportunities and our companies need vibrant diver-sity in their workforce. 
So, again, I want to thank Congress-
man K
ENNEDY for offering today’s 
amendment, and I urge my colleagues to support it. 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Chairman, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
b1530 
Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Chairman, I ap-
preciate the words of my colleague in recognition of this important issue. I just would like to point out that this amendment does not require anything. 
It totally allows for STEM education 
to be highlighted and STEM programs, particularly important, I believe, at a time when Hispanics and African Americans combined make up 13 per-cent of our STEM workforce and women only make up 26 percent of our STEM workforce. 
This is an imperative. It is a priority 
for our country if we are truly going to recognize the talent and potential of every American. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Chairman, again, I 
appreciate the gentleman’s interest in this issue. His amendment creates a new program. 
Under the underlying bill, there is an 
allowable use. If the school wants to spend money on STEM education, they certainly may, and I think that is the right way to approach this. 
Again, I oppose the gentleman’s 
amendment and support the underlying bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
EN-
NEDY ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.014 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1255 February 26, 2015 
the gentleman from Massachusetts will 
be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . GROTHMAN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 2 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 5, lines 4, 7, 16, 20, and 24, strike 
‘‘2021’’ and insert ‘‘2018’’. 
Page 6, lines 4, 10, 16, 21, and 25, strike 
‘‘2021’’ and insert ‘‘2018’’. 
Page 7, line 4, strike ‘‘2021’’ and insert 
‘‘2018’’. 
Page 450, lines 19 and 23, strike ‘‘2021’’ and 
insert ‘‘2018’’. 
Page 461, line 17, strike ‘‘2021’’ and insert 
‘‘2018’’. 
Page 484, line 11, strike ‘‘2021’’ and insert 
‘‘2018’’. 
Page 619, line 7, strike ‘‘2021’’ and insert 
‘‘2018’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 125, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. G
ROTHMAN ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Wisconsin. 
Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chairman, 
there were a lot of problems in No Child Left Behind, and one of them, of course, is this top-down idea that the Federal Government can run edu-cation. 
This is a relatively simple amend-
ment. We are shrinking the time that this bill, which is a very hard-worked on bill, shrinking the time before we revisit this issue from 6 years back down to 3 years, from 2021 back down to 2018. 
One of the reasons why I think our 
forefathers did not want Federal Gov-ernment involved in a lot of things is we move so slowly. Back home, my local superintendent can change policy daily. My local school boards meet every other week. My State super-intendent can change policy daily and probably changes rules every few months. 
We knew there were big problems 
with No Child Left Behind back in 2002– 2003. Eleven or 12 or 13 years later after the problems were very apparent, we still have not amended that bill, which is why this is a good amendment right now. 
As hard-worked on as this bill is, we 
know a year from now, a year and a half from now, people will say: Oh, I wish you would have done that, I wish you would have done something else. 
I don’t think it is too much to ask 
that we revisit this legislation 3 years from now, well after our local school boards or well after our local State leg-islators will have met many, many, many times. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, I claim time in opposition, al-though I am not opposed to the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, 50 years ago, we 
passed the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, recognizing that a child’s future opportunities are pri-marily established by virtue of their education. 
We know that there is inequality in 
education, primarily because we fund it typically by the real estate tax. We fund it politically, and those in low-in-come areas tend to get the short end of the stick. That is why we passed the Elementary and Secondary Education Act. 
The underlying bill takes all that 
good work and goes backwards. They cap the funding. We take the money from the low-income areas, give it to the wealthy areas, we eliminate the focus on English learners and disabled. The bill goes in the wrong direction. 
By shortening the authorization of 
the life of this bill, under H.R. 5, the gentleman’s amendment will force us to reauthorize it and reconsider it in a shorter period of time, and if it is a bad bill, I think that is a good thing. 
Since it is my firm belief that the 
implementation of this bill will yield devastating results for our Nation’s most vulnerable children, the gen-tleman and I are in agreement that we ought to revisit it as soon as possible, and that is why I am not in opposition to the amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. K
LINE). 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Chairman, I under-
stand the gentleman’s concerns, but I must oppose the amendment. I believe it is important to ensure our strong prohibitions and limited Federal role are put in law and maintained for years into the future, rather than for the length of a pilot project. Our school boards and superintendents and edu-cators need to have some consistency and not be worried about things that are going to change in a year or two or three. 
These prohibitions in the bill are im-
portant to correct the course of the Federal Government, ensure the U.S. Secretary of Education cannot exercise any control over State and local edu-cation decisions, and that cannot be a short-term fix. 
For that reason, I oppose the gentle-
man’s amendment. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield such time as he may con-sume to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS). 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, believe it 
or not, there is something worse than No Child Left Behind. There is some-thing worse than this bill, H.R. 5, and that is constantly moving the ball fed-erally which, unfortunately, this 
amendment would entail. 
One of the biggest concerns from edu-
cators, from school boards, from State boards of education is we need time to implement whatever the heck you do in Washington, good, bad, or indif-ferent. To keep the ball moving con-stantly adds piles and piles of paper-work at the district level. 
No Federal education law is going to 
be perfect. No Child Left Behind isn’t perfect. It has its flaws; it has its mer-its. H.R. 5, I don’t think anybody would agree it is perfect. It has its merits; it has its flaws. Some will feel the flaws outweigh the merits. Some will feel the merits outweigh the flaws. 
Having the Federal education policy 
in place for long enough for all of its systems around public education to catch up and create rules, create poli-cies to see the new law succeed to the extent that it can are absolutely crit-ical for any Federal education law. 
The worst possible outcome would be 
every single 2 or 3 years, this body goes 
in a radically different direction with regard to Federal education policy, causing every State, every district, every educator, every principal—in-stead of spending time teaching kids and helping educate children in the classroom—studying up on Federal education policy, trying to fill out new forms, trying to figure out new testing regimes; and, just as they figure them out, we are going to move the ball again. 
Whatever the Federal education pol-
icy is, it is very important to have some consistency. Now, look, we have had No Child Left Behind for 15 years. We should have replaced it earlier, but the right time wasn’t in 2002 or 2003. It might have been when it expired in 2010. 
Let’s come up with a new Federal 
education policy. Now, we are on over-time, but the answer is not to take it back before we even know whether a Federal education policy is working be-fore it expires, only to be replaced by a new Congress with a different law re-quiring a totally different change of di-rection by educators, principals, school boards, and State boards of education. 
For these reasons, I encourage my 
colleagues to oppose this amendment. 
Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chairman, can 
I ask how much time is remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Wisconsin has 3 minutes remain-ing. 
Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chairman, I 
am prepared to close then. 
The Acting CHAIR. Does the gen-
tleman from Virginia have any addi-tional speakers? 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. I don’t have 
any additional speakers, Mr. Chairman, but I believe I have the right to close. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Wisconsin has the right to close. 
PARLIAMENTARY INQUIRY  
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Parliamen-
tary inquiry, Mr. Chairman. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
will state his parliamentary inquiry. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.051 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1256 February 26, 2015 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. If ours is the 
position of the underlying bill, and they are trying to amend it, who has the right to close? 
The Acting CHAIR. A member of the 
committee controlling time in true op-position would have the right to close. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chairman, just 
one more time to emphasize on this amendment, it is my experience, in many, many years dealing with local superintendents, local school boards, very rarely are they appreciative of people on other levels of government without that expertise in education telling them what to do. 
Right now, I live in the 
Campbellsport School District. They are not appreciative when the legisla-ture in Madison tells them how to run their schools, and they are certainly not appreciative when the U.S. Con-gress tells them how to run the schools. 
I am going to vote for this bill today. 
I think this bill is a step in the right direction. My guess is, if I talk to my local school boards 6 months from now, a year from now, they will be grateful that this bill passed, but they would like still more freedom. 
I do think that the local school 
boards are closer to the parents, closer to the children, and will do a better job of managing those schools than we will. 
That is why I have introduced this 
amendment. I mean, maybe 3 years from now, we are going to go back home to our school districts, and they will say: Oh, my goodness, I wish you would have prescribed more or ordered us around more. 
I don’t think that is going to happen. 
I think what is going to happen is 3 years from today, when we look at this again, the local school districts are one more time going to say: Hey, back there in 2015, when you paused this bill, I am glad you passed that bill, but please give us still more freedom. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Wisconsin (Mr. G
ROTHMAN ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . MEEKS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 3 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
Mr. MEEKS. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 27, beginning on line 10, strike ‘‘, at 
the State’s discretion,’’. 
Page 35, line 24, strike ‘‘may’’ and insert 
‘‘shall’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 125, the gentleman from New York (Mr. M
EEKS ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New York. 
Mr. MEEKS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
H.R. 5 perpetuates the same serious 
flaw with the accountability systems as in No Child Left Behind, which de-ters high-quality teachers from joining low-performing schools. We need to re-mediate this problem. 
The current accountability system 
discourages quality teachers from join-ing low-performing schools because they are warned that if their students are not considered proficient then they will suffer adverse consequences. 
As it stands, if a student starts sev-
enth grade at a fourth grade reading level, works diligently with their teacher, and then achieves a sixth grade level by the end of the school year, that student will not be deemed proficient, and both the teacher and the school would be negatively im-pacted. 
My amendment would change that. 
My amendment would require that an-nual statewide assessments measure students’ growth as a crucial compo-nent of the achievement within the ac-countability system established by the State. 
It would leave it to the State to de-
cide their own measurement of growth, so they can measure an individual stu-dent’s learning progress and not give an entire school one score based on the amount of the students who are deemed proficient in particular sub-jects. 
I believe high-quality teachers would 
be more willing to join schools com-posed of a significant amount of stu-dents not meeting proficiency stand-ards. My amendment, therefore, up-holds the fundamental principle of the original ESEA to encourage equality in the provision of education, regardless of social economic status or demo-graphics of the student behind the desk. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KLINE. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
time in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment, and I do oppose the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
the gentleman for this amendment, al-though I do oppose it. 
This amendment would require that 
annual statewide assessments measure student growth and include such growth in that State’s accountability system. Under the Student Success Act, the 
underlying bill, States are already al-lowed to include student growth meas-ures in their accountability system if the State chooses. 
b1545 
Adding a Federal mandate is con-
trary to this bill’s purpose of returning control to the hands of the State and local education leaders; therefore, I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MEEKS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 
minute to the gentlewoman from Or-egon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ). 
Ms. BONAMICI. I thank the gen-
tleman from New York for yielding and for offering this important amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, under No Child Left 
Behind, schools were punished if all students did not reach a static pro-ficiency target. It did not matter how many gains students made or how close students were to reaching proficiency. The system under No Child Left Behind was unworkable and damaging. 
This reauthorization should recog-
nize the tremendous gains most stu-dents make each year, and it should provide an incentive for schools to pro-vide differentiated instruction to all students, including those performing above and below any proficiency bench-mark. It is time to replace the No Child Left Behind-style accountability systems that label schools as failing, even when students make tremendous growth. 
This amendment is an important step 
in the right direction, and I urge my colleagues to support it. 
Mr. KLINE. I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. MEEKS. I yield 1 minute to the 
gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS). 
Mr. POLIS. I would like to thank the 
gentleman from New York (Mr. M EEKS ) 
for bringing forward this very impor-tant amendment that really cuts to the heart of one of the most important changes from No Child Left Behind. 
Mr. Chairman, as you know, No Child 
Left Behind had a concept called ade-quate yearly progress. It is a bit of a misnomer because it was anything but progress. It was a static picture of where students were. With this new bill reflected in H.R. 5 and the Democratic substitute, the goal is to look at stu-dent growth. 
Now, unfortunately, the Republican 
bill absent the Meeks amendment leaves student growth optional. The core piece of Federal education policy, from both a civil rights perspective and an education perspective, should be to ensure that for every child in our coun-try there is accountability for the aca-demic growth of that child each year. That is the key tenet of transparency and accountability that this amend-ment would restore to the underlying bill. 
I strongly believe that if we can pass 
this amendment, it would remedy one of the major inequities and setbacks in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.053 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1257 February 26, 2015 
this bill. At least No Child Left Behind 
had universal goals, even if the goals were off the mark. 
Mr. MEEKS. Mr. Chairman, how 
much time do I have left? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from New York has 1
1⁄2minutes re-
maining. 
Mr. MEEKS. I yield 1 minute to the 
gentleman from Virginia (Mr. S COTT). 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, I think the case has been made for the growth model as opposed to the static model. It is much fairer. It gives credit where credit is due, as the gen-tleman from New York has said. Some teachers produce 2 and sometimes 3 years’ growth in 1 year, but because the student was so far behind, they are still not up to par on the static test; and on the AYP standard, that school is a failing school although they did tremendous work. 
The reason that this needs to be re-
quired is these assessments are a little more expensive, and if you don’t re-quire it, they won’t get done. These are the better assessments and should be a part of the legislation. 
I thank the gentleman for intro-
ducing his amendment. 
Mr. KLINE. I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. MEEKS. Mr. Chairman, this is an 
issue that I believe really needs to be addressed, and I would hope that this amendment will be included in a larger bipartisan reauthorization of ESEA. 
I withdraw the amendment at this 
time, Mr. Chairman. 
The Acting CHAIR. The amendment 
is withdrawn. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MRS . LAWRENCE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 4 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 30, line 14, after the second comma, 
insert ‘‘by status as a student in foster care,’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 125, the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. L
AWRENCE ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Michigan. 
Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise today to speak in support of amendment No. 4, which requires that the Secretary of Education disapprove any State plan that fails to, in con-sulting with the State and local edu-cation agencies, demonstrate that there is a separate reporting of aca-demic assessments for foster youth. The bill requires the Secretary of Edu-cation to report academic assessments for foster children. 
Victor Hugo said, ‘‘He who opens a 
school door, closes a prison.’’ I believe this statement is particularly true for children living in poverty, those who are homeless, and those in the foster care system. Many students are blessed to have 
parents that can be advocates for them in and out of school; they have parents that know their teachers, attend PTA meetings, and even testify at school board hearings. However, too many young people are not that lucky. 
One in 45 children experience home-
lessness in America each year. Children experiencing homelessness are four times more likely to show delayed de-velopment and are twice as likely to have learning disabilities. Many of these children are under the care of the State through our foster care system. 
There are approximately 402,000 chil-
dren in foster care in the United States. In Michigan alone, approxi-mately 13,000 children are in foster care on any given day. On average, children remain in State care for nearly 2 years, and 8 percent of children in foster care have been there for more than 4 or 5 years. The ethnic breakdown is even more devastating, as 24 percent of those in foster care are African Amer-ican, double the percentage of African American children in the entire United States population. 
In 2013, more than 23,000 young people 
aged out of foster care without perma-nent families. In fact, research has shown that those who leave care with-out being linked to permanent families are likely to experience homelessness, unemployment, and incarceration as adults. The State, therefore, has a vested interest in this next generation of Americans who face heightened emo-tional, behavioral, and academic chal-lenges. 
Amendment No. 4 simply further 
disaggregates the data that is already collected. If included, the data gen-erated would allow the State to track the achievement or failure of students who are in foster care on their aca-demic assessments. As you are aware, academic assessment results are al-ready disaggregated within each State and LEA by gender, racial and ethnic group, English proficiency status, stu-dents with disabilities, and students with an Active Duty military parent. This only seeks to ensure that foster youth are also monitored and reported on so that the State can take correc-tive action, as needed. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. KLINE. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
the gentlewoman for this amendment. 
Foster children are a vulnerable pop-
ulation of students that face many dis-ruptions in their lives. Unfortunately, it sometimes also disrupts their edu-cation. This amendment will allow States and schools to see how their fos-ter children are doing, in addition to other subgroups of students, and then better address their unique needs to improve their education. Again, I thank the gentlewoman for 
the amendment. I urge my colleagues to support the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. L
AW-
RENCE ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . GOODLATTE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 5 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 35, after line 7, insert the following: 
‘‘(G) L OCALLY DESIGNED ASSESSMENT SYS -
TEM.—Nothing in this paragraph shall be 
construed to prohibit a local educational agency from administering its own assess-ments in lieu of the State-designed academic assessment system under this paragraph, if— 
‘‘(i) the local educational agency obtains 
approval from the State to administer a lo-cally designed academic assessment system; 
‘‘(ii) such assessments provide data that is 
comparable among all local educational agencies within the State; and 
‘‘(iii) the locally designed academic assess-
ment system meets the requirements for the assessments under subparagraph (B), except the requirement under clause (ii) of such subparagraph. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 125, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Virginia. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Chairman, like many Members of 
Congress, I continually hear from folks in my district about the need for more local control of education. Mandates from Washington do not always trans-late well to the school boards, adminis-trators, and teachers who are closest to our Nation’s students and are ulti-mately responsible for providing edu-cation in our schools. 
While the underlying bill provides 
flexibility to States and localities in many beneficial ways, the need for ad-ditional flexibility for school dis-tricts—specifically, in regards to test-ing—has come to my attention. The amendment I have offered would pro-vide this additional flexibility to local-ities by giving States new authority to allow local educational agencies to ad-minister their own locally designed academic assessment system in place of the State-designed academic system. 
While the same requirements as laid 
out by the underlying bill for State-de-signed academic assessments would also apply to any locally designed aca-demic assessment, this would provide an opportunity for localities to create their own assessment tests if they have determined their respective statewide test does not meet their individual 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:07 Dec 23, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\FEB 15\H26FE5.REC H26FE5SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1258 February 26, 2015 
school’s needs. They also have to have 
the approval of the State to do this. Having this choice can only benefit our Nation’s schools as they seek to pro-vide quality education in a transparent manner. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, I rise in opposition to the amend-ment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is 
recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, this would just add confusion to an already difficult situation. To have each locality set its own assessments means that all of the assessments are going to be different. 
What happens in one city is going to 
be different from another city. If a stu-dent in one city moves from another city, all of a sudden, they become more intelligent? No, they just did better on that different assessment. 
Mr. Chairman, in our Democratic 
substitute, we have an amendment coming up, an idea that the assess-ments should be as accurate as possible and that we should have as few assess-ments as possible. 
One of the things people keep talking 
about is the multiple tests and the bur-
den of these tests. We can do better. But allowing each locality to come up with its own home-baked assessment only will lead to confusion and some-thing that nobody will understand. You won’t know whether a student in one city is doing as well as a student in an-other city because you can’t compare the results. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I just want to say that this would be 
a new authority given to localities that the State would have to approve. The school district or locality could exer-cise that authority ongoing. 
Practically speaking, if a school dis-
trict in Virginia, for example, felt that the standards of learning were not suit-able for their needs, they would have the opportunity to create and admin-ister their own Rockingham County as-sessment test. But since the State is still ultimately responsible for this and has the authority to determine to do this, I think this is going to occur in limited circumstances because the State still has that ultimate power and responsibility. 
The same requirements as laid out by 
the underlying bill for State-designed academic assessments would apply to any locally designed academic assess-ment: reading and math assessments in each of grades three through eight and once in high school; and in science, once in elementary, middle, and high school; reasonable adaptations and ac-commodations for students with dis-abilities; inclusion of English learners and so on. 
This will encourage creativity and 
innovation that may help to better in-form how we do this testing process. 
Let’s open this up to more ideas from more communities, and I think this will be very well received by school systems around the country and by the States, for that matter. 
b1600 
The amendment will not decrease 
transparency. Parents and the commu-nity will still be able to have access to the information they need about their schools. Under my amendment, any lo-cally derived assessment would still be required to provide data that is com-parable among all local education agencies in the State. 
Chairman A
LEXANDER of the Senate 
HELP Committee released a discussion draft of his ESEA reauthorization bill in January, and it includes a similar provision to this amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the chair-
man and the members of his staff working with me and my staff on this amendment, and I, again, urge my col-leagues to support the amendment. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS). 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, this un-
fortunate amendment, which enjoys 
the opposition of both the Chamber of Commerce as well as the civil rights and disability community, would effec-tively gut the transparency and ac-countability that we currently have around performance and growth in pub-lic schools. 
It is absolutely critical to have a 
common measuring stick to under-stand how all students are doing. Al-lowing districts to create and measure their success by their own standards ef-fectively encourages dumbing down of standards and disguises the persistence of learning gaps across our commu-nities. Accountability provides impor-tant information to help educators benchmark student performance rel-evant to students statewide, not just students in their school or district. The learning that we have for making sure that we can compare students from across the State is absolutely critical in creating a high performance, quality public education system. 
Mr. Chairman, this amendment pro-
poses to give additional flexibility. It actually provides additional disguises and subterfuge, which is why it is op-posed by both the business community and the civil rights community. It is really important that we maintain our commitment to transparency and ac-countability and that we know what performance standards we are meas-uring our students against. I would en-courage my colleagues to oppose this amendment. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, I just wanted to read 
parts of a letter from the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights. It says: 
Locally developed assessments will under-
mine one of the central tenets of State and local efforts to raise achievement for all stu-
dents: the ability to have comparable data and, as a result, know how all students, in all schools and all communities, fare on a common, objective measure of achievement. 
Statewide assessments serve as a check to 
ensure the students who are the focus of Fed-eral law—low-income students, students of color, students with disabilities, and English learners—are not being subject to lower ex-pectations than their peers. The assessments provide parents, communities, and advocates with critical information about how well dif-ferent schools and districts are serving dif-ferent students, a crucial tool for monitoring and ensuring protection of civil rights. Local assessment would not allow for these same comparisons. 
T
HELEADERSHIP CONFERENCE  
ONCIVIL AND HUMAN RIGHTS , 
February 26, 2015. 
OPPOSE GOODLATTE AMENDMENT #74— 
PROTECT CIVILRIGHTS  
DEAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of The 
Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, a coalition charged by its diverse membership of more than 200 national orga-nizations to promote and protect the civil and human rights of all persons in the United States, we urge you to oppose Rep-resentative Goodlatte’s Amendment #74 to H.R. 5, which would allow school districts to administer their own assessments in lieu of a single, statewide assessment. Locally devel-oped assessments will undermine one of the central tenets of state and local efforts to raise achievement for all students: the abil-ity to have comparable data and, as a result, know how all students, in all schools and all communities, fare on a common, objective measure of achievement. 
Statewide assessments serve as a check to 
ensure the students who are the focus of fed-eral law—low-income students, students of color, students with disabilities, and English learners—are not being subject to lower ex-pectations than their peers. The assessments provide parents, communities, and advocates with critical information about how well dif-ferent schools and districts are serving dif-ferent students, a crucial tool for monitoring and ensuring the protection of civil rights. Local assessment would not allow for these same comparisons. 
We continue to oppose the underlying bill 
and urge you to vote against Goodlatte Amendment #74, which further weakens H.R. 5 and undermines the protections of civil rights. If you have any questions, please con-tact Liz King, Senior Policy Analyst and Di-rector of Education Policy, at king@civilrights.org. 
Sincerely, 
W
ADEHENDERSON , 
President & CEO. 
NANCY ZIRKIN , 
Executive Vice Presi-
dent. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, for those reasons I would oppose this amendment and reserve the bal-ance of my time. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, I 
am the only speaker, and I would urge my colleagues to support the amend-ment for the reasons I have already elaborated. It is important to give States, local governments, and school divisions more flexibility. I urge my colleagues to support the amendment, and yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, I would hope that we would fol-low the guidance of the business and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.060 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1259 February 26, 2015 
the civil rights communities and op-
pose the amendment offered by my dis-tinguished colleague from Virginia. We oppose the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. H
ULTGREN ). 
The question is on the amendment of-fered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . CASTRO OF  
TEXAS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 6 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Chairman, 
I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 40, after line 3, insert the following: 
‘‘(8) O MBUDSMAN FOR TEXTBOOK STAND -
ARDS .—The Secretary shall appoint an om-
budsman who is dedicated to overseeing and resolving State disputes on textbooks stand-ards for K-12 grade levels in order to ensure that States are held accountable for uphold-ing the highest academic standards for K-12 textbooks.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 125, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ASTRO ) and a Member 
opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Chairman, 
this is a commonsense amendment that seeks to appoint a neutral ombudsperson within the Department of Education to address student K–12 textbook standards and concerns. 
This neutral ombudsperson would be 
somebody who could receive com-plaints from students, teachers, admin-istrators—anybody in the schools. This person would be independent of the Secretary. And most importantly, be-cause I know that we yield much power to the States over curriculum in text-books, this is somebody who would not have any authority to make binding decisions to overturn State decisions, but somebody who could help take in complaints or concerns and also help resolve those concerns within the States, sometimes between publishers in the States, for example. 
There are a few reasons I brought 
this forward. First, in different States, as in my State of Texas, for example, there have been some very heated dis-putes over what should be included in textbooks—when we think about his-tory, for example. In 2010, I believe, the State Board of Education in Texas con-sidered removing Thomas Jefferson— for the Virginians that are here—from the list of influential philosophers. They have tried to remove Cesar Cha-vez from Texas textbooks. Some of the same things have happened in places like Arizona, where there have been very heated battles over textbooks there. 
This ombudsperson would not have 
any binding authority to resolve those disputes. This would simply be some-body at the Department of Education 
who could offer voluntarily to help re-solve them or also take in those con-cerns. 
The second part is several years 
ago—and this is just an anecdote to il-lustrate this—there was a woman who sent me a picture over Facebook. The picture was of her daughter’s textbook. Her daughter was taking summer school at, I believe, my old high school, Thomas Jefferson High School in San Antonio. This textbook was completely graffitied. It was torn up. It was about as battered as you could find a text-book. This woman was making the point to me that her daughter should not have to be learning from that text-book because the quality was abso-lutely horrendous. 
Well, it turns out that in Texas, in 
some school districts, students were no longer able to take textbooks home with them. Even though the school dis-trict had not moved to online learning or anything like that, they weren’t able to take textbooks home with them because of the condition of the text-books and because they were being torn up so much. 
I think that we need at the Depart-
ment of Education somebody who can take in those concerns and let the Con-gress know about them and let the De-partment know about them, but also offer to work with the States to im-prove those conditions because some-thing like that is most certainly affect-ing students’ learning ability. 
With that, Mr. Chairman, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Indiana is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
the gentleman for offering his amend-ment, even though I am opposed to it. 
Mr. Chairman, States should have 
good textbooks for students that cover the material thoroughly, fairly, and most importantly, accurately. But there is no Federal role in determining what those books are or judging the quality of them, frankly. All the argu-ments the gentleman makes can be taken care of at the State level and at the local level. 
I fail to see how they would get any 
better result in any of his examples by having some Federal bureaucrat hun-dreds, if not thousands, of miles away from the situation do any better job with it. In fact, Mr. Chairman, the Fed-eral Government already is prohibited from weighing in on things like cur-riculum and standards. There is abso-lutely no role for the Federal Govern-ment in approving or overseeing the adoption of textbooks. I think that is a bad idea. It leads us on a slippery slope to even worse outcomes. 
So it is in that spirit and that vein 
that I must oppose this amendment. I 
urge my colleagues, all of them, Repub-lican and Democrat, to do so as well. 
Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Chairman, 
will the gentleman from Indiana yield me 30 seconds? Mr. ROKITA. I yield the gentleman 
30 seconds. 
Mr. CASTRO of Texas. I hear the 
gentleman’s concerns, and I understand that most of the power in this subject matter is vested with the States. But the fact is there are real problems in some of our States that are not being addressed and that aren’t being han-dled in the State capitols. This posi-tion is a nonbinding one, one where folks in the States would have to come and voluntarily seek out a dispute res-olution. This person wouldn’t have any power to make decisions for the States or override any decisions. I understand the wariness among many here in this 
Chamber of the role of the Federal Government. 
Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Chairman, reclaim-
ing my time, I thank the gentleman, again, for his concern, but I fail to see how this Capitol can do any better a job in solving the problem than the gentleman’s State capitol or at the local level. The government that gov-erns best is the government that is closest to the people, and that serves this situation well. 
Having nothing further to offer on 
this, Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. C
ASTRO ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Chairman, 
I demand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas will be post-poned. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . LANGEVIN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 7 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 58, strikes lines 12 through 14 and in-
sert the following: 
‘‘(B) work-based learning opportunities 
that provide students in-depth interaction with industry professionals for the purposes of gaining experience and, if appropriate, academic credit;’’. 
Page 58, line 19, strike the period and in-
sert ‘‘; and’’. 
Page 58, after line 19, insert the following: 
‘‘(16) if appropriate, how the local edu-
cational agency will use funds under this subpart to train school counselors to effec-tively provide students relevant information regarding their individual career and post-secondary education goals.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 125, the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
ANGEVIN ) and 
a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Rhode Island. 
Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I my con-sume. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.062 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1260 February 26, 2015 
Mr. Chairman, I would like to thank 
Chairman K LINE and Ranking Member 
SCOTT for their work in bringing this 
bill to the floor. While I still have strong concerns about the underlying bill, I am pleased to offer this bipar-tisan amendment along with my good friend and colleague, Mr. G.T. T
HOMP -
SONof Pennsylvania. 
As cochairs of the Congressional Ca-
reer and Technical Education Caucus, Mr. T
HOMPSON and I are committed to 
expanding skills training that will pro-vide students of all ages with the capa-bilities necessary to meet the demands of the modern economy. Our amend-ment simply provides flexibility for States to use title I funds for appren-ticeships and comprehensive career counseling. 
Now, this is becoming a common re-
frain I know, but the skills gap is a persistent and wholly fixable drag on our economy, and we simply need to address it. In conversations with businessowners across my home State in Rhode Island, I have constantly heard that they are struggling to find qualified candidates to fill the job openings that they have available right now. In a State such as mine that has one of the highest unemployment rates in the country still, this is a troubling situation that we need to fix. 
Apprenticeships are a tested and 
proven way for students to gain real- world experience while earning credit toward high school graduation. Stu-dents are able to get on-the-job train-ing and skills needed for future career success. Adding apprenticeships to title I will provide a much-needed boost to career training programs. 
Additionally, this amendment will 
make it easier for school districts to invest in comprehensive career coun-seling, a vital part of skills training. 
It is becoming clear that high school 
diplomas are no longer sufficient for the modern job market. Our amend-ment seeks to help school counselors connect high school students with the skills that they need to succeed in the 21st-century workforce. 
Now, Mr. Speaker, while not every 
job will require a college degree, some sort of postsecondary education will be absolutely necessary, and, in fact, is absolutely necessary. Whether it comes from a community college, a skills training program, or on-the-job train-ing, we need to change what it means to be college- and career-ready. We need to provide students with the knowledge and the experience that will truly prepare them for what is next. 
With that, Mr. Chairman, I urge all 
of my colleagues to join us in sup-porting this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Chairman, although I am not op-posed to this thoughtful amendment, I claim the time. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Chairman, I want to thank my good friend and cochairman of the bi-partisan Career and Technical Edu-cation Caucus, Mr. L
ANGEVIN , for work-
ing with me on this amendment and his leadership. We believe it is vitally im-portant that flexibility be provided to local school districts as they explore options for students to earn academic credit through internships or appren-ticeships. 
Unfortunately, too often, our schools 
have subscribed to a one-size-fits-all approach when it comes to the oppor-tunities available to all students. 
b1615 
It is expected that all graduates will 
be going on to a 4-year postsecondary school or program. Mr. Chairman, this is a false premise. It is not realistic and certainly not fair to students. 
While every child should leave high 
school college and career ready, it is imperative that we allow school dis-tricts to assist young learners in career exploration and the positive gains that can be achieved through real-world work experiences. 
This amendment provides flexibility 
for school districts to provide credit for achieving these real-world academic experiences. I encourage support of this amendment. 
I yield the balance of my time to the 
gentleman from Indiana (Mr. R
OKITA ), 
the subcommittee chairman. 
Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
the gentleman for his leadership. On behalf of Chairman K
LINE and myself 
and other certain members of the com-mittee, I would like to put on the R
ECORD that we think this amendment 
improves the underlying bill. 
I thank the gentlemen for offering it 
and urge my colleagues to support it. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank both of my colleagues for their supportive comments in support of this amendment. I urge all of my colleagues to support the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
AN-
GEVIN ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MR . BARLETTA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 8 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 58, line 14, strike ‘‘and’’. 
Page 58, line 19, strike the period and in-
sert ‘‘; and’’. 
Page 58, after line 19, insert the following: ‘‘(16) if appropriate, how the local edu-
cational agency will use funds under this subpart to support activities that coordinate and integrate before-school and after-school 
programs, and summer school programs. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 125, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
ARLETTA ) and 
a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Chairman, I 
want to thank the committee for work-ing with me during markup to address my concerns, especially the bill’s im-pact on our Nation’s afterschool pro-grams. Supporting kids who attend afterschool programs has been a bipar-tisan effort. 
My amendment simply requires 
school districts that use title I money for afterschool, before school, or sum-mer school activities to report and de-scribe those activities in their local plans. I am confident the data col-lected from this reporting will further demonstrate the importance of after-school programs to our Nation’s kids. 
We already know afterschool pro-
grams help keep kids safe, improve academic performance, and help work-ing families across America. The bene-fits of these programs span all aspects of our communities. Students partici-pating in afterschool programs have shown improvement in homework com-pletion. There is also improvement in class participation and in attendance. 
This all leads to better grades, better 
behavior, and lower rates of drug use and violence. Where I am from in Penn-sylvania, gangs have become a problem in some of our areas. When I was mayor of Hazleton, I saw it on our own streets. Afterschool programs offer a safe environment for kids to further their academic learning, rather than seeking out and joining gangs. 
For example, I am proud that SHINE, 
the Schools & Homes In Education afterschool program is expanding from Carbon County into Luzerne County in my district. This nationally recognized program offers afterschool and summer school programs for kids in pre-K through college. It focuses on projects in STEM courses—science, technology, engineering, and math—as well as the arts. 
SHINE helps produce better-educated 
young people who later go on to grad-uate from professional schools, col-leges, and universities to become im-portant parts of our Nation’s work-force. It is a deterrent for criminal be-havior. 
At the end of the day, afterschool 
programs like SHINE can change a child’s future for the better. I will con-tinue to advocate for their success. I have a special interest in the improve-ment of our educational system be-cause two of my four daughters are teachers. This amendment and legisla-tion as a whole are very close to my heart. 
Afterschool programs help ensure 
America’s students succeed not only in academic success, but in student en-gagement as well. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.066 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1261 February 26, 2015 
I ask my colleagues to demonstrate 
their support for afterschool programs by supporting my amendment, and I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield the remainder 
of my time to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. A
LLEN ). 
Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
support to my friend, Mr. L OU 
BARLETTA ’s amendment to the Student 
Success Act. 
Last week, I had the opportunity to 
spend time in our district and visit many of our local schools. One thing that I heard from both administrators and teachers are the success of after-school programs and the summer pro-grams. Let’s face it, sometimes, stu-dents just have a difficult time maybe during the school year, and they get behind, and when they get behind, they tend to stay behind. 
These afterschool programs and these 
summer programs give our students the opportunity to catch up. That is important because, as long as they are with and remain with the class and can be successful, they are successful stu-dents. 
That is why I am proud to support 
Mr. B
ARLETTA ’s amendment providing 
that school districts report afterschool, before school, or summer activities in their local education plans. 
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
the time in opposition to the amend-ment, though I am not opposed to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Michigan is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chairman, I want 
to thank my friend, Mr. B
ARLETTA , for 
his interest and his work on this sub-ject, as well as thank our ranking member for his service and the work that he has put into this overall effort. 
This is really important, and I think 
it is important that we stop for a mo-ment and recognize the effect, the im-pact, that afterschool programs have in the lives and the trajectory of the lives of so many kids in this country who otherwise don’t have a positive outlet for all the energy that these young people carry around with them all the time. 
There are neighborhoods in this 
country—certainly neighborhoods in the communities that I represent—that without afterschool programming pro-vided in that school building, there is no other positive avenue available for them. There is not a community cen-ter. There is not a park that is main-tained. They don’t have the access to or the means to join a YMCA or a YWCA. 
For these kids, the only avenue they 
have to explore cultural activities, to become involved in music or in the arts or in just good physical exercise, are those afterschool programs, which have the additional value of connecting these young people to their school in a way that is not solely tied to simply 
classroom time and the very important work that they are doing on their aca-demic studies, but allows them to fill that connection to school as the center of their community. 
Of course, what we know—and the re-
search is clear on this—is that young people who are involved in afterschool programming, they do better academi-cally. 
Mr. Chairman, I appreciate Mr. 
B
ARLETTA ’s efforts on this, and I look 
forward to working with him on after-school programming. It is really im-portant, and I think it is right that the Congress address it. 
With that, I yield the remainder of 
my time to the gentleman from Vir-ginia (Mr. S
COTT), the ranking member. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, I thank the gentleman for yield-ing, and I thank the gentleman for his amendment. 
I support the important work being 
done by afterschool, before school, and summer programs. These programs have been proven to increase academic achievement, increase student achieve-ment, and reduce dropouts. 
This is especially powerful in light of 
some studies that show that many stu-dents actually regress during the sum-mer. If they are given effective summer programs, that regression can cer-tainly be stopped, so it is a very power-ful idea. 
I thank the gentleman for offering 
his amendment, and I hope that it is adopted. 
Mr. KILDEE. I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
ARLETTA ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MR . QUIGLEY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 9 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Strike section 119 and insert the following 
new section: 
SEC. 119. QUALIFICATIONS FOR PARAPROFES-
SIONALS. 
Section 1119 of the Elementary and Sec-
ondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6319) is amended— 
(1) by striking subsections (a), (b), (d), (i), 
(j), (k), and (l); 
(2) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-
section (a); 
(3) by redesignating subsections (e) 
through (h) as subsections (b) through (e), re-spectively; 
(4) in subsection (a), as redesignated by 
paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘hired after the date of enactment of the No Child Left Be-hind Act of 2001 and’’; 
(5) in subsection (b), as redesignated by 
paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘Subsections (c) and (d)’’ and inserting ‘‘Subsection (a)’’; and 
(6) in the section heading, by striking 
‘‘
TEACHERS AND ’’. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 125, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Q
UIGLEY ) and a Mem-
ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Illinois. 
Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Chairman, we 
must keep a critical part of ESEA: standards for paraprofessionals. 
Republicans and Democrats agree, 
classroom professionals—or paraprofes-sionals as they are called—must be pre-pared and equipped to carry out their work in the classroom. 
Today, paraprofessionals are quali-
fied to provide much-needed instruc-tional support, especially for students with special needs. Every school dis-trict in our country is in compliance with these standards and has been since 2006. In fact, 11 States, including my own State of Illinois, have already codified these requirements in their own State law. 
Removing these Federal require-
ments would risk defaulting to low or nonexistent standards for these profes-sionals at the State or local levels. We simply can’t let this happen. 
Classrooms are already severely 
overcrowded, and paraprofessionals provide teachers with the critical sup-port they need to best educate our chil-dren. I am a strong supporter of our teachers, and part of that support comes in ensuring that their aides and other classroom counterparts are qualified to do their jobs. 
By eliminating these standards, we 
are turning our backs on the teachers who educate our children. Let’s sup-port our teachers and support para-professionals. 
I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on my amend-
ment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Indiana is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
my colleagues for this amendment, al-though I must oppose it. 
This amendment adds back specific 
Federal requirements for paraprofes-sionals. These provisions place too much emphasis on a teacher’s creden-tials, degrees, and licensing. As a re-sult, schools have come to value a teacher’s resume over his or her ability to increase student achievement, i.e., their effectiveness. 
The elimination of these require-
ments in the Student Success Act does not prohibit States or local school dis-tricts from having requirements for teachers and paraprofessionals, but certainly, it is not the job of the Fed-eral Government to tell States and locals what those requirements are. 
Because of that, I urge my colleagues 
to vote against this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
1 minute to the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. M
CKINLEY ). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.069 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1262 February 26, 2015 
Mr. M CKINLEY. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the gentleman. 
Paraprofessionals play an important 
role in our schools. They are teacher’s aides, instructional assistants, and often work closest with special-needs students. They also provide support to teachers by working with students in direct instructional roles. 
As a grandfather of student with spe-
cial needs, I clearly understand the im-portance of ensuring that he has the proper support he needs at school. 
This amendment does not create any 
new standards or requirements. It sim-ply maintains the qualification re-quirements already in place. Without these requirements, we risk having underqualified people in charge of spe-cial education students. 
It is critical to student success that 
we have qualified, trained paraprofes-sionals, teachers, and administrators. Remember, every schoolteacher in the country is already compliant with this requirement. 
This is common sense, and I urge 
support of this amendment. 
Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Chairman, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
1 minute to the gentleman from Vir-ginia (Mr. S
COTT), the ranking member. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, I thank the gentleman for yield-ing. 
Mr. Chairman, when Congress en-
acted No Child Left Behind in 2002, we recognized the importance of para-professional qualifications. 
Because their support to students has 
a significant impact on their success in school, paraprofessionals provide a wide range of critical support, includ-ing tutoring, computer assistance, li-brary resources, classroom manage-ment, translation, and other instruc-tional services. 
In the past 13 years, paraprofes-
sionals have met these strong quali-fications, including minimum postsec-ondary credentials and a demonstra-tion of specialized knowledge. They al-ready meet these standards, and that is why it is unfortunate that the under-lying bill repeals these standards. 
b1630 
We don’t understand why we would 
want to go backwards in maintaining the high standards; and that is why this amendment is so important, and I would hope it would be adopted. 
Mr. ROKITA. I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Chair, the entire 
purpose of ESEA was to improve the status of education for all of our chil-dren in this country regardless of their ZIP Code or their special needs status. Let’s keep these standards for para-professionals intact. I urge my col-leagues to vote for this bipartisan amendment to support teachers and students. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Chair, in closing, I 
would like to say that the whole theme, the whole purpose of the Stu-
dent Success Act is the fact that we trust teachers, parents, local policy-makers, local taxpayers more, thinking that they can do a better job than any-one out here in Washington, D.C. 
The arguments the gentlemen make 
are certainly good ones. Standards are a good thing; they should be made at the local and State level. The govern-ment that governs best is the one that is closest to the people. That is what the Student Success Act, in large part, is about. 
The gentleman from West Virginia 
indicates that he is the grandfather of a special needs child. I am the father of a special needs child. As one of the au-thors of the Student Success Act, I think these standards can be well adopted at the State and local level, and that is where they should be adopt-ed. 
With that, I urge my colleagues to 
vote against this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. Q
UIGLEY ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Chair, I demand a 
recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MS . FUDGE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 10 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
Ms. FUDGE. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 92, strike lines 8 through 14 and insert 
the following: 
SEC. 121. FISCAL REQUIREMENTS. 
Section 1120A (20 U.S.C. 6321) is amended 
by striking ‘‘part’’ each place such term ap-pears and inserting ‘‘subpart’’. 
Page 563, after line 16, insert the following 
(and redesignate provisions accordingly): 
‘‘SEC. 6541. MAINTENANCE OF EFFORT. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—A local educational 
agency may receive funds under a covered program for any fiscal year only if the State educational agency finds that either the combined fiscal effort per student or the ag-gregate expenditures of the agency and the State with respect to the provision of free public education by the agency for the pre-ceding fiscal year was not less than 90 per-cent of the combined fiscal effort or aggre-gate expenditures for the second preceding fiscal year. 
‘‘(b) R
EDUCTION IN CASE OF FAILURE TO  
MEET.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The State educational 
agency shall reduce the amount of the allo-cation of funds under a covered program in any fiscal year in the exact proportion by which a local educational agency fails to meet the requirement of subsection (a) of this section by falling below 90 percent of both the combined fiscal effort per student and aggregate expenditures (using the meas-ure most favorable to the local agency). ‘‘(2) S
PECIAL RULE .—No such lesser amount 
shall be used for computing the effort re-quired under subsection (a) of this section for subsequent years. 
‘‘(c) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive 
the requirements of this section if the Sec-retary determines that a waiver would be eq-uitable due to— 
‘‘(1) exceptional or uncontrollable cir-
cumstances, such as a natural disaster; or 
‘‘(2) a precipitous decline in the financial 
resources of the local educational agency.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 125, the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. F
UDGE ) and a Member 
opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Ohio. 
Ms. FUDGE. Mr. Chairman, my 
amendment would reinstate mainte-nance of effort requirements in H.R. 5. It would continue to require States to show that current year funding is at least 90 percent of the prior year amount before receiving any Federal education dollars. 
Maintenance of effort is intended to 
protect resources for schools and stu-dents in tough economic times. Re-moval of maintenance of effort require-ments from ESEA, as contemplated in H.R. 5, would allow States to raid their education budgets to pay for other budget line items or programs. That will leave the Federal Government the primary or only funding source for schools. 
If the goal of H.R. 5 is to reduce Fed-
eral input for education, this does just the opposite. States should not be given free rein to reduce school fund-ing. That approach disproportionately impacts poor communities and chil-dren. This Congress should not revert to the times of larger class sizes, poor-ly supported teachers, and less access to rigorous curriculum for so many of our poor, disabled, and English-learn-ing children. 
The 90 percent MOE threshold in 
common law is a commonsense safe-guard. It ensures State agencies re-main invested in key education pro-grams while still allowing States the room to respond to changing fiscal re-alities. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the 
gentleman from Virginia (Mr. S
COTT), 
the ranking member. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. I thank the 
gentlelady for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, the purpose of ESEA 
is to increase resources to an edu-cation, especially focused on areas of high poverty. The underlying bill lim-its the amount of money that can be spent under the bill. It takes money by changing the formula from low-income areas to high-income areas, and now this amendment tries to eliminate one of the most devastating impacts, that is the requirement of the maintenance of effort. 
If there is Federal money going into 
the States, it can only increase money going to education if the States main-tain their effort. If they are able to re-duce their effort and just replace the money they were spending with the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.071 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1263 February 26, 2015 
Federal money, then there has been no 
increase in education, and the ones left behind continue to remain behind. 
This is an extremely important 
amendment. It makes sure that the Federal money actually increases the money going to education to help those left behind, and I would hope that we would correct this grievous error in the underlying bill by adopting the amend-ment. 
Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Chair, I rise in op-
position to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Indiana is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Chair, I oppose this 
amendment because it simply goes back to the status quo of current law, which ties the hands of State officials over budgeting. 
What schools and States need is less 
Federal control and greater flexibility, not the opposite. We need to stop thinking that we know what is best for States, and that includes telling them how much to spend on various areas of their budget. 
I want to be clear that the statutory 
civil rights provisions in current law are kept. We don’t have that issue with this bill. 
I want to also make the point that 
just because you spend more money on something doesn’t mean you get a bet-ter result. Since 1970, Federal edu-cation spending has increased 300 per-cent in this country, while test scores have remained flat. So just increasing funding levels isn’t necessarily the an-swer. 
The fact of the matter is an MOE di-
rects the States’ and individuals’ prop-erty, i.e., their money, to do things that really we shouldn’t be telling States or localities or individuals what to do with. 
With that, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Ms. FUDGE. Mr. Chairman, may I in-
quire as to how much time I have re-maining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Ohio has 2
1⁄2minutes remaining. 
Ms. FUDGE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 
minute to the gentlewoman from Or-egon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ). 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank Representative F UDGE for yield-
ing and for offering this important amendment. 
Public education is primarily the re-
sponsibility of States and local school districts. Historically, the Federal Government contributes about 10 per-cent of funding to K–12 education. 
The Elementary and Secondary Edu-
cation Act, since it was first enacted as part of the war on poverty, has supple-mented the role of States and districts by providing targeted resources to stu-dents and communities that have tra-ditionally been underserved and con-tinue to need that additional support. This amendment is critical to pre-serving that targeted role. 
The receipt of Federal funds should 
not be used to replace the investment of States in public education. I urge 
my colleagues to support Representa-tive F
UDGE ’s important amendment. 
Mr. ROKITA. I continue to reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Ms. FUDGE. Mr. Chairman, it is cer-
tainly important that we restore MOE requirements to this bill. H.R. 5 must be amended to ensure every child in America has access to a quality edu-cation. 
Mr. Chairman, this bill is so flawed 
that even this amendment will not im-prove it significantly. Therefore, I re-spectfully withdraw my amendment. 
AMENDMENT NO . 11 OFFERED BY MR . 
DESAULNIER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 11 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
Mr. D
ESAULNIER. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 92, strike lines 19 and 20 and insert 
the following: 
(2) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘such as the Early Reading 
First program’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following new 
sentence: ‘‘Each local educational agency shall develop agreements with such Head Start agencies and other entities to carry out such activities.’’; and 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 125, the gentleman from California (Mr. D
ESAULNIER ) and 
a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. 
Mr. D
ESAULNIER. Mr. Chairman, 
there is no doubt that Head Start pro-grams produce incredible benefits for American children and families in-volved and for their communities. Those benefits are not only edu-cational, but economic and health-re-lated as well. 
As a former Head Start commissioner 
in California, I have seen firsthand how effective these programs can be at making kids excited about learning at an early age and the positive effects that they have on their education in the future. 
The original intent of the law was to 
ensure that local education agencies are working collaboratively with Head Start to ensure Head Start is providing services that are the most thoughtful and relevant to their local community. However, while Head Start agencies are required to form coordination agree-ments with local education agencies, the opposite is not true, which slows the process and creates unnecessary bureaucracy. 
For example, this loophole causes 
Head Start agencies to spend weeks on end trying to pin down the local edu-cation agency. The local education agency, on the other hand, doesn’t feel that it is a priority to sign an official agreement since they are not required to do so. This causes the process to break down. This amendment is short and sweet. 
It would simply strengthen the lan-guage that currently exists within the ESEA, which reads that both parties must coordinate with early childhood programs and, instead, require local education agencies to develop agree-ments with Head Start agencies. 
It would make agreements a two-way 
street, would clarify and solidify the process, and would be a victory for local education agencies, Head Start programs, and the children in the pro-grams that they both serve. 
It is long overdue to make this fix, 
and it is noncontroversial and non-partisan. 
I yield back the balance of my time, 
Mr. Chair. 
Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Chair, I claim time 
in opposition, although I am not op-posed to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Indiana is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Chairman, research 
indicates reliable, high-quality child care is critical to sustaining parents’ ability to work. That is why the legis-lation would allow States and schools to use funds allocated through what we call the local academic flexible grant under title I to support pre-K pro-grams. Instead of creating a Federal program, as I see this amendment, it improves the coordination between ex-isting Head Start programs and local educational agencies. 
This amendment improves the under-
lying bill, I think, and strengthens ex-isting early childhood care and edu-cation programs for children in low-in-come families. 
As a cosponsor of the bill, I would 
like to thank the gentleman for offer-ing this amendment. Again, I think it improves the underlying bill, and I urge my colleagues to support it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. D
ESAULNIER ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 12 OFFERED BY MR . RODNEY  
DAVIS OF ILLINOIS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 12 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. 
Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 225, line 17, strike the final quotation 
marks and period at the end. 
Page 225, after line 17, insert the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1405. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION FOR COL-
LECTIVE BARGAINING. 
‘‘Nothing in this title shall be construed to 
alter or otherwise affect the rights, rem-edies, and procedures afforded to school or local educational agency employees under Federal, State, or local laws (including ap-plicable regulations or court orders) or under the terms of collective bargaining agree-ments, memoranda of understanding, or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.074 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1264 February 26, 2015 
other agreements between such employers 
and their employees.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 125, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Illinois. 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. 
Chairman, I rise today to offer this amendment that would protect the voices of our educational professionals and also maintain local control, which is what reforming the ESEA program is all about, especially in my district. 
This amendment simply protects the 
savings clause of title I of the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act to ensure that nothing in Federal law can be construed to terminate or overturn a State or local collective bargaining law, memorandum, or other agree-ments. 
The savings clause predates No Child 
Left Behind and has been in existence for more than 20 years. In addition, 34 States, including my home State of Il-linois, Mr. Chairman, explicitly allow collective bargaining for teachers, edu-cation support professionals, and other higher education faculty. The amend-ment does not expand collective bar-gaining rights that exist in current law. 
The bottom line is this amendment 
provides certainty to local and State entities that the current collective bar-gaining agreements will remain in place. This amendment is supported by many here in Washington and many teachers and educational professionals that I have spoken with, including those at the Illinois Education Associa-tion and the National Education Asso-ciation. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
amendment to provide certainty for our educational professionals. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
b1645 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, I rise to claim the time in opposi-tion, although I am not in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, I rise in support of the amend-ment offered by the gentleman from Il-linois. The amendment is thoughtful and necessary to restore employee pro-tections that are already in current law. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from the great State of Indiana (Mr. R
OKITA ), 
my colleague and friend. 
Mr. ROKITA. I thank the gentleman. Mr. Chair, I think this is a good 
amendment. It clarifies the law on this topic, and I am glad to support it. I thank the gentleman for offering it, and I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS). 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, relation-
ships between districts and their em-ployees can at times be turbulent. It is challenging for school board members, and it is challenging for educators. Most of all, it is challenging and frus-trating for the parents of kids who are in the schools. What this amendment does is it helps to provide a degree of certainty and predictability with re-gard to collective bargaining agree-ments that are in place. 
As we move forward with the ESEA 
reauthorization, we should focus on what needs to be fixed and what doesn’t need to be fixed. The truth is many collective bargaining agreements in place are strong and are an asset to the districts that have them. We have many school districts in Colorado that have entered collective bargaining agreements with their educators, agreements that include pay for per-formance, that include quality meas-ures; and we should encourage that kind of creativity at the district level. 
The more we can do to provide the 
kind of stability within this regime as we switch to a post-No Child Left Be-hind era, providing the predictability for the educators who are in the class-room every day and who are doing the very best they can to educate our kids, is a tenet that, hopefully, we all agree on and is one that is reflected in this amendment, which I strongly support. 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. 
Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time in order to offer closing remarks. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield 1 minute to the gentle-woman from Oregon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ). 
Ms. BONAMICI. Thank you, Mr. 
Ranking Member, for yielding. 
Mr. Chair, I want to thank Rep-
resentative D AVIS and Representative 
JOYCE BEATTY for offering this amend-
ment. The savings clause is an impor-tant feature of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, and I appre-ciate the bipartisan effort of my col-leagues to reinstate it. 
The Student Success Act should re-
spect collective bargaining agreements and memoranda of understanding that have been negotiated across this coun-try. I commend the Representatives for their work to make sure that this leg-islation we are debating does not inter-fere with local laws or agreements, and I ask my colleagues to join me in sup-porting this amendment. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. 
Chairman, I want to thank my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle for their support for this commonsense amendment. 
When I go back and speak to my edu-
cational professionals and also as a fa-ther of three teenagers in the Taylorville, Illinois, public school sys-tem, it is constantly about: How do we make sure that Washington stays out 
of running our schools in our local school districts? That is what is so great about other provisions in this ESEA reform package. My colleague Mr. R
OKITA and my colleague Chair-
man J OHNKLINE have put measures in 
place that will fix some of the prob-lems that many of us have seen through the implementation of No Child Left Behind over a decade ago. 
Local control matters, and in this in-
stance, this clarifies that local control and locally negotiated collective bar-gaining agreements are not superseded by bureaucrats here in Washington, 
D.C. 
Mr. Chairman, may I inquire as to 
how much time I have remaining. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Illinois has 2
1⁄4minutes remain-
ing. 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from the great State of Illinois (Mr. B
OST), my friend and colleague. 
Mr. BOST. I thank my friend from Il-
linois for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the 
amendment, and I urge its adoption. 
The amendment simply states that 
nothing in the bill shall interfere with State and local collective bargaining laws. This amendment is about Federal respect of State and local laws. When it comes to education, I am a firm be-liever in local control, and everybody who has known me over the years from my State knows that to be a fact. 
For too long, the Federal Govern-
ment has attempted to determine for parents, teachers, and school adminis-trators what is best for our schools and for our children in southern Illinois. The underlying bill may not be perfect, but we can’t let it fall for the good that it does do. The legislation takes an im-portant step forward in restoring local control in education. That is good for my kids, and it is good for your kids. 
Once again, I thank my friend for the 
opportunity to support the amend-ment. 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. 
Chairman, I want to thank my col-league from Illinois (Mr. B
OST), who 
has been a fighter for those in edu-cation throughout his tenure as a State representative in Illinois. He and I have worked together on these issues for over 20 years. 
Since I offered my closing remarks 
before he spoke, I will take this oppor-tunity, before I lose my voice com-pletely, to yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. R
ODNEY  
DAVIS). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 13 OFFERED BY MS . MOORE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 13 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
Ms. MOORE. Mr. Chair, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.028 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1265 February 26, 2015 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 229, line 1, after ‘‘the Secretary’’ in-
sert ‘‘makes a determination in writing to Congress for that fiscal year that the level and quality of educational services to indi-viduals age 5 through 17 from families with incomes below the poverty line has not de-creased since the date of enactment of the Student Success Act and’’ 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 125, the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. M
OORE ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Wisconsin. 
Ms. MOORE. Mr. Chair, I rise today, 
along with my colleagues F
REDERICA  
WILSON of Florida and D ANNY DAVIS of 
Illinois, to offer an amendment. 
This amendment seeks to protect our 
most vulnerable students by ensuring that high-poverty schools are not ad-versely affected by provisions in H.R. 5, which propose changes in the funding allocation formula for teacher support and the quality of educational services under title II of the No Child Left Be-hind Act. Mr. Chair, if we don’t adopt this amendment, we may inadvertently break a long bipartisan agreement on our fundamental need to ensure that our low-income students are not as-signed less qualified teachers and less quality educational resources than their more advantaged peers. 
The reality is that a school district 
that serves students in poverty faces many, many hurdles and challenges in recruiting and in retaining teachers as well as other qualified staff. Current law prioritizes teacher development funding to States and schools serving the greatest concentrations of students in poverty. 
Specifically, the No Child Left Be-
hind title II formula for school dis-tricts focuses 65 percent of funds on students in poverty and 35 percent on the number of students, which is stu-dents in poverty versus just the num-ber of students. The State formula fo-cuses 80 percent of its funding on pov-erty and 20 percent on student popu-lation. H.R. 5 completely upends this. It eliminates this critical prioritization by equally weighting poverty with mere student population, sort of cutting the baby in half, 50/50. This removes substantial Federal sup-port from schools and States serving the poorest students and gives these funds to schools and States without similar levels of economic need. This, of course, Mr. Chair, has an impact on every single State in the Union where there are disparate levels of income in our communities. It undermines teach-er training and student achievement for students in poverty. 
My amendment simply would delay 
the implementation of this formula until the Secretary of Education cer-tifies to Congress that students in pov-erty are not adversely affected by this change in service, quality, and level. This would provide the appropriate caution before eliminating that crit-
ical safeguard of funds for students in poverty. 
As written, we have strong reasons to 
fear that H.R. 5 would result in Federal dollars being siphoned away from States and school districts with the poorest students and being awarded to States and schools with higher afflu-ence. In fact, data from the U.S. De-partment of Education released earlier this week show that H.R. 5 translates into billions of dollars of cuts in school districts serving high populations of Black and Hispanic students. 
Mr. Chair, since all politics is local, I 
must decry the loss of these edu-cational resources to the largest school district in my jurisdiction, and that is the Milwaukee Public Schools system. They would lose upwards of $160 mil-
lion in Federal funds for impoverished students over a 6-year period if we rat-ify H.R. 5 in its current form. Our Sec-retary of Education, Arne Duncan, has called this kind of a reverse Robin Hood—stealing from the poor to give to the rich. 
While we are discussing this, I just 
want to point out one last thing. This is budget neutral. This amendment doesn’t add one dime to the cost of this bill. Its only intention is to protect the very teacher supports that help close the achievement gaps for low-income students. I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this bill. 
Mr. Chair, how much time do I have? The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
has 30 seconds remaining. 
Ms. MOORE. I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Indiana is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
the gentlewoman for this amendment, although I must oppose it. 
It is my understanding that this 
amendment is unnecessary in the sense that, during the last Congress, the House adopted a nearly identical amendment offered by the gentle-woman when H.R. 5 was considered at the time. Because it was adopted, her original amendment is included in the base text of this version of H.R. 5; therefore, this amendment is duplica-tive of existing language. 
Mr. Chair, I would politely say to the 
gentlewoman that she fails to see just how persuasive she was in the last Con-gress, and I would urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment, not because of the underlying idea, but because it is simply duplicative of existing lan-guage. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Chair, if this is du-
plicative, then it does no harm. This was offered with an abundance of cau-tion because the formula is being pro-posed to be changed. 
So just vote for it. I mean, if it is re-
petitive or redundant, what is the harm? Please vote for it. Please with-draw your objection. I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. M
OORE ). 
The question was taken; and the 
Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Ms. MOORE. Mr. Chair, I demand a 
recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Wisconsin will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 14 OFFERED BY MR . MCKINLEY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 14 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 231, after line 3, insert the following: 
‘‘(7) A description of any subjects the State 
has identified as being workforce critical subjects pursuant to section 2234(6).’’. 
Page 266, line 20, strike the closing 
quotation marks and the last period. 
Page 266, after line 20, insert the following: ‘‘(6) W
ORKFORCE CRITICAL SUBJECT .—The 
term ‘workforce critical subject’ means an academic subject of urgent importance to the current and future workforce needs of the State, including science, technology, en-gineering, math, and any other subject that has been identified by the State, in consulta-tion with employer, workforce, community, educator, parent and professional stake-holders.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 125, the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. M
CKINLEY ) 
and a Member opposed each will con-trol 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from West Virginia. 
Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Chairman, this 
amendment is quite simple. It requires States to identify ‘‘workforce critical subjects’’ for their schools. A work-force critical subject is one that matches the needs of employers to the courses being taught. 
Too often, we graduate students with 
skills that don’t match the needs of our employers. In West Virginia, we have needs for jobs in oil and gas, health care, information technology, and clean coal research. 
b1700 
But each State is different. Cur-
rently, 60 percent of U.S. employers are experiencing difficulties finding quali-fied workers to fill vacancies, and 58 percent of HR professionals reported that workers lack competencies needed to perform their jobs. 
Today’s workforce is ever changing. 
This amendment will help States iden-tify areas where to focus on developing skills and competencies needed in the workforce. This could involve an in-creased focus on science, technology, engineering, and math. Identifying workforce-critical subjects will help us do just that. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.080 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1266 February 26, 2015 
I want to thank the STEM Education 
Coalition and Chairman K LINE for their 
support of this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, I ask to claim the time in opposi-tion, although I am not opposed to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, I think the gentleman’s amend-ment focuses on the importance of aligning education with labor market needs so that when you get educated, you are educated for the jobs of the fu-ture. The underlying bill, however, does not insist on college and career- ready standards so that when young people graduate from high school, they ought to be ready for a job or for col-lege. 
We would like to see in the legisla-
tion that the standards set by each State provide that if you graduate from high school, you are able to go to college without remediation. That is not in the underlying bill. This amend-ment does a step in the right direction by aligning education to labor market needs. 
Therefore, I am not in opposition to 
the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from West Virginia (Mr. M
CKIN-
LEY). 
The amendment was agreed to. Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Chairman, I move 
that the Committee do now rise. 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. K
LINE) having assumed the chair, Mr. 
HULTGREN , Acting Chair of the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Com-mittee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 5) to support State and local accountability for public edu-cation, protect State and local author-ity, inform parents of the performance of their children’s schools, and for 
other purposes, had come to no resolu-tion thereon. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. 
Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 3 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1847 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) at 6 
o’clock and 47 minutes p.m. 
f 
STUDENT SUCCESS ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 125 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in 
the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 5. 
Will the gentleman from Idaho (Mr. 
S
IMPSON ) kindly take the chair. 
b1848 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 5) to support State and local account-ability for public education, protect State and local authority, inform par-ents of the performance of their chil-dren’s schools, and for other purposes, with Mr. S
IMPSON (Acting Chair) in the 
chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-
mittee of the Whole rose earlier today, amendment No. 14 printed in part B of House Report 114–29 offered by the gen-tleman from West Virginia (Mr. M
CKIN-
LEY) had been disposed of. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in part B of House Report 114– 29 on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: 
Amendment No. 1 by Mr. K
ENNEDY of 
Massachusetts. 
Amendment No. 2 by Mr. G ROTHMAN  
of Wisconsin. 
Amendment No. 6 by Mr. C ASTRO of 
Texas. 
Amendment No. 9 by Mr. Q UIGLEY of 
Illinois. 
Amendment No. 13 by Ms. M OORE of 
Wisconsin. 
The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes 
the minimum time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . KENNEDY  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
ENNEDY ), on which further pro-
ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 204, noes 217, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 95] 
AYES—204 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver 
Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers 
Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Guinta Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer 
Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries 
Johnson, E. B. Jolly Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Knight Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson 
Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Ros-Lehtinen Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schock Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) 
Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (AK) 
NOES—217 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) 
Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) 
Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.084 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1267 February 26, 2015 
Latta 
Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen 
Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) 
Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—11 
Clay 
Hinojosa Hurt (VA) Johnson (GA) Lee 
Long Meeks Roe (TN) Sewell (AL) 
Speier Waters, Maxine 
b1910 
Messrs. SCHWEIKERT, DENHAM, 
DUNCAN of South Carolina, and SMITH of Nebraska changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
Messrs. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania, 
RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, DIAZ- BALART, DOLD, CURBELO of Florida, UPTON, Ms. TSONGAS, Messrs. CLY-BURN, AL GREEN of Texas, ROYCE, Ms. STEFANIK, and Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . GROTHMAN  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. G
ROTHMAN ) on which further pro-
ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 114, noes 311, not voting 7, as follows: 
[Roll No. 96] 
AYES—114 
Amash 
Ashford Barr Bera Bishop (UT) 
Blackburn Blum Bonamici Brady (TX) 
Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brownley (CA) 
Buck Burgess Capuano Castro (TX) 
Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Collins (GA) Cooper DeSantis DesJarlais Doggett Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Engel Fincher Fleming Flores Fortenberry Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Harris Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. 
Hill Himes Holding Hudson 
Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jolly Jones Jordan Kelly (PA) Labrador Lance Loudermilk Love Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Massie McClintock McHenry Meadows Messer Mica Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Nadler Neugebauer Nolan Olson Palmer Pascrell 
Perry Peters Poe (TX) Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Ribble Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) Ross Rothfus Rouzer Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Smith (NE) Stewart Stutzman Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Wittman Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) 
NOES—311 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Black Blumenauer Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley 
Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Forbes Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Goodlatte Graham Granger Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Higgins 
Honda Hoyer Hunter Hurd (TX) Israel Issa Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaMalfa Lamborn Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McDermott McGovern 
McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) 
Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schock Schrader Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano 
Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Womack Yarmuth Young (AK) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—7 
Hinojosa Hurt (VA) Lee Long 
Roe (TN) Speier Waters, Maxine 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1916 
Mr. PAYNE changed his vote from 
‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
Mr. BARR changed his vote from 
‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
(By unanimous consent, Mr. M CCAR-
THYwas allowed to speak out of order.) 
LEGISLATIVE PROGRAM  
Mr. M CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, Mem-
bers are advised that the House is ex-pected to complete its work for the week by tomorrow evening. Informa-tion on the legislation that will be con-sidered and more detailed floor timing for tomorrow will be announced after the conclusion of the Rules Committee hearing tonight. 
Mr. HOYER. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. M
CCARTHY. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Maryland. 
Mr. HOYER. What can we expect to 
be on the floor tomorrow, Mr. Leader? 
Mr. M CCARTHY. Well, Mr. Whip, I 
expect that we will deal with the cur-rent schedule that we have before us, plus dealing with DHS. 
Mr. HOYER. Can the majority leader 
tell us, in light of fact that is less than 24 hours from now, what we might be considering with respect to keeping the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.031 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1268 February 26, 2015 
Department of Homeland Security op-
erating on a permanent basis through September 30? 
Mr. M
CCARTHY. As the gentleman 
knows, we dealt with this weeks ago and sent it over to the Senate. And as I just listed before, we will provide that information after the Rules Committee hearing tonight. 
Mr. HOYER. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. M
CCARTHY. Gladly. 
Mr. HOYER. The Rules Committee is 
going to meet tonight at 9:30 tonight, is that the—8:00. Somebody said 8 o’clock over here—a member of the Rules Committee. Was it at 8:00 or at 9:30? 
Mr. M
CCARTHY. I think it was— 
where is our Rules Committee chair? Eight o’clock. 
Mr. HOYER. Eight o’clock. Will the 
gentleman yield again? 
Mr. M
CCARTHY. Gladly. 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Leader, we have 
been now—you are correct—6 weeks leaving the Department of Homeland Security twisting in the wind. We have done that as the gentleman knows—— 
Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, re-
claiming my time, I have been very clear about the schedule for tomorrow. We will end our work by tomorrow evening. This House has taken action to make sure that DHS is fully funded. We did our part. 
I yield back. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
yields back. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . CASTRO OF  
TEXAS  
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, 2-minute voting will continue. 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ASTRO ) on 
which further proceedings were post-poned and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 182, noes 243, not voting 7, as follows: 
[Roll No. 97] 
AYES—182 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. Brady (PA) 
Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline 
Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings 
Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette 
Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy 
Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick 
Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Price (NC) 
Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) 
Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Yoho 
NOES—243 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson 
Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler 
Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Levin LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci 
Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schock Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers 
Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—7 
Hinojosa 
Hurt (VA) Lee Long 
Roe (TN) Speier Waters, Maxine 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1924 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MR . QUIGLEY  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Q
UIGLEY ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 218, noes 201, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 98] 
AYES—218 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Barletta Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos 
Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly 
Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.090 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1269 February 26, 2015 
Denham 
Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart 
Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind 
Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin 
Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney Meehan Meeks Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Renacci 
Ribble Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen 
Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schock Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walden Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Watson Coleman Welch Whitfield Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—201 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw 
Culberson DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding 
Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows 
Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mulvaney Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Rice (SC) Rigell Roby 
Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Smith (MO) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thornberry Tiberi 
Tipton Trott Turner Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—13 
Blum 
Hinojosa Hurt (VA) Lee Long Meng 
Mullin Palmer Poliquin Roe (TN) Smith (NE) 
Speier Waters, Maxine 
b1928 
So the amendment was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 13 OFFERED BY MS . MOORE  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. M
OORE ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 185, noes 239, not voting 8, as follows: 
[Roll No. 99] 
AYES—185 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline 
Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro 
DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda 
Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee 
Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui 
McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney 
Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. Sanchez, Loretta 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—239 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold 
Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn 
Lance Latta LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.034 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1270 February 26, 2015 
Rogers (KY) 
Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schock Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster 
Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker 
Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—8 
Granger Hinojosa Hurt (VA) Lee 
Long Roe (TN) Speier 
Waters, Maxine 
b1933 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 15 OFFERED BY MR . DELANEY  
The Acting CHAIR (Ms. R OS- 
LEHTINEN ). It is now in order to con-
sider amendment No. 15 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
Mr. DELANEY. Madam Chair, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 235, line 4, strike ‘‘and’’ at the end. 
Page 235, line 9, strike the period at the 
end and insert ‘‘; and’’. 
Page 235, after line 9, insert the following: 
‘‘(F) Support State or local pay for success 
initiatives that meet the purposes of this part.’’. 
Page 241, line 4, strike ‘‘or’’ at the end. Page 241, line 7, strike the period at the 
end and insert ‘‘; or’’. 
Page 241, after line 7, insert the following: 
‘‘(10) carrying out activities related to pay 
for success initiatives that meet the pur-poses of this part.’’. 
Page 250, after line 20, insert the following: 
‘‘(ix) Supporting State or local pay for suc-
cess initiatives that meet the purposes of this part.’’. 
Page 257, line 25, strike ‘‘and’’ at the end. Page 258, line 3, strike the period at the 
end and insert ‘‘; and’’. 
Page 258, after line 3, insert the following: 
‘‘(I) carrying out activities related to pay 
for success initiatives that meet the pur-poses of this part.’’. 
Page 508, after line 17, insert the following 
(and redesignate the succeeding provisions accordingly): 
‘‘(34) P
AY FOR SUCCESS INITIATIVES .—The 
term ‘pay for success initiatives’ means ini-tiatives— 
‘‘(A) that produce a measurable, clearly de-
fined outcome that results in social benefit and direct cost savings to the local, State, or Federal Government; 
‘‘(B) except as provided in subparagraph 
(D)(i), that make payments only when agreed-upon outcomes are achieved; 
‘‘(C) for which a feasibility study is con-
ducted on the initiative describing how the proposed intervention is based on strong or moderate evidence of effectiveness and how the initiative will meet the requirements of subparagraph (A); and 
‘‘(D) for which— ‘‘(i) an evaluation, which may be paid for 
out of funding for the pay for success initia-tive without respect to a successful outcome, 
is included that uses experimental designs using random assignment or other research methodologies that allow for the strongest possible causal inferences when random as-signment is not feasible by an independent evaluator to determine whether the initia-tive has met the outcomes described in sub-paragraph (A); and 
‘‘(ii) the State or local educational agency 
produces an annual, publicly available report on the progress of the initiative in meeting the requirements of subparagraph (A), as ap-propriate.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 125, the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. D
ELANEY ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Maryland. 
Mr. DELANEY. Madam Chair, I yield 
myself 3 minutes. 
I want to start by thanking Congress-
man Y
OUNG , Congressman P OLIS, Chair-
man K LINE, and Ranking Member 
SCOTT for their support of this bipar-
tisan amendment. I know my col-leagues join me, Madam Chair, in the view that whenever the government, the private sector, and the not-for-prof-it community work well together, we get better outcomes for all of our citi-zens, which is exactly what the Pay for Success framework is designed to do. It allows local governments to innovate and address best practices and be fis-cally responsible with respect to the provision of government services. 
This amendment, Madam Chair, is 
designed specifically to allow the funds that are allocated in the underlying bill for teacher training and retention to utilize Pay for Success frameworks against those programs. 
Teacher turnover is a big issue in the 
United States. It is estimated to cost our educational system $1- to $2 bil-lion. In my own State of Maryland, it is estimated to cost up to $45 million. It is very important that we make a difference against this problem. We want to make sure that educational agencies have as many tools available at their disposal as possible to work against this problem, including Pay for Success approaches and frameworks. 
Madam Chair, I want to thank my 
colleagues for their support of this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. Madam 
Chair, I claim time in opposition, al-though I am supportive of the amend-ment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. 
Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. Madam 
Chair, I want to thank the gentleman from Maryland for his hard work on this important amendment and for his leadership. Currently, teacher attrition costs the United States over $1 billion each year. Many teachers leave within the first 5 years because of a lack of ef-fective mentoring, training, and sup-port. Providing these teachers with ef-fective, evidence-based training 
through a Pay for Success model will not only save the government money, it will also help to retain top talent in the classroom. 
Madam Chair, this amendment would 
do just that. It would give States and local school districts the ability to par-ticipate in this innovative new financ-ing model in order to retain our best teachers. 
Now, Pay for Success projects, also 
known as social impact bonds or social impact partnerships, are public-private partnerships that harness philan-thropic and other private sector invest-ments to scale up scientifically proven social and educational programs. Be-cause these projects are focused on re-sults, government money is only paid out to private sector investors when desired outcomes are met and only in accordance with the value assigned to those successful outcomes. This social impact financing model has the poten-tial to fundamentally transform our Nation’s education programs, shifting the focus of such programs from inputs to outcomes. 
I want to thank the gentleman from 
Maryland, the gentleman from Colo-rado, and others for their leadership on this issue. I also want to thank my fel-low colleague from Indiana for his overall leadership on this educational bill. I look forward to our continued cooperation on these efforts. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. DELANEY. Madam Chair, I yield 
1 minute to the gentleman from Colo-rado (Mr. P
OLIS), my friend. 
Mr. POLIS. Madam Chairman, I want 
to thank my colleagues from Maryland and from Indiana for bringing this amendment forth. I am honored to be a cosponsor of this amendment. 
Social impact bonds essentially allow 
a way in which we can leverage philan-thropic dollars to meet a socially desir-able outcome. It is only paid back if that outcome is reached. What this can apply to teacher development and teacher training is a type of market discipline—to fund what works, to le-verage our limited resources through a Pay for Success mechanism to ensure that we are getting what we paid for. 
This is important to educators who 
deserve the very best in professional development. It is important for stu-dents to make sure that they benefit from the limited professional develop-ment dollars that we have. It is also important for the philanthropic com-munity and for government investment because we want to make sure our dol-lars are deployed as positively as pos-sible. 
Some of these metrics can include: 
Does the professional development lead the recipient to help improve student achievement? That is one of the ulti-mate benchmarks of whether profes-sional development and teacher train-ing work. By tying and aligning our limited resources for outcomes for sup-porting teachers through a Pay for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.035 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1271 February 26, 2015 
Success initiative, we can make sure 
that our limited investment has a max-imum positive benefit. 
Madam Chairman, I strongly urge my 
colleagues to adopt this strong amend-ment. 
Mr. DELANEY. Madam Chair, I want 
to thank the gentleman from Colorado for his support of the amendment. 
I yield 1 minute to my colleague from 
Virginia (Mr. S
COTT), the ranking 
member. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Madam 
Chair, I thank the gentleman for yield-ing. 
This amendment will make evidence- 
based prevention approaches a reality. We all know that many evidence-based approaches save more money than they cost. This will allow the private sector to make those investments and prove that we are right. So I want to thank the gentleman from Maryland for in-troducing the amendment and thank him and the gentleman from Indiana for their leadership. 
This is a great amendment, Madam 
Chair. I trust it will be adopted, and we will be able to make great progress in education and other social services. 
Mr. DELANEY. Madam Chair, again, 
I urge my colleagues to support the amendment. I thank my colleagues for supporting it here on the floor. As I said in the beginning, whenever the government, the private sector, and the nonprofit community work to-gether, we get better outcomes for our citizens. 
Madam Chair, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. Madam 
Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentle-woman from the State of Washington 
(Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS ), my hard-
working colleague. 
Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS. Madam 
Chair, I rise in support of the amend-ment, and I rise to support strong, con-servative legislation that provides equal opportunity and education for everyone in this country, no matter their walk of life, how much money they may have, or what challenges they face. The Student Success Act im-proves, strengthens, and modernizes our classrooms to give all of our stu-dents the opportunity to reach their full potential. 
As the mom of a 7-year-old son, Cole, 
who has special needs, I know firsthand that everyone has different needs in the classroom. Every student’s path to learning is both unique and equally im-portant. So I am proud to advance leg-islation that recognizes that. 
It all starts by innovating and em-
powering America’s students. That is why I have championed the 21st Cen-tury Classroom Innovation Act, in-cluded in today’s legislation, and to-gether we will ensure that that tech-nology will be fully incorporated into our classrooms to enhance personalized learning for our students. By blending traditional learning programs with high tech tools, we will take our class-rooms and our students to the 21st cen-tury. But the foundation of real, edu-
cational reform goes beyond techno-logical advancements and begins with an unequivocal recognition that our students may have different needs, but they should all have an equal oppor-tunity—an equal opportunity to learn, an equal opportunity to graduate, and an equal opportunity for a diploma. 
b1945 
That is why I have championed sev-
eral important provisions in the Stu-dent Success Act that address these needs. 
First, when a State establishes guide-
lines for individualized alternative testing, they will do so on a subject-by- subject basis. Parents must be clearly informed when they move their chil-dren in alternative testing, so they will fully understand the implications of making those decisions for their kids. 
Right now, far too many parents with 
children with disabilities aren’t told when their kids are moved into alter-native testing. This legislation changes that. 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. I yield an ad-
ditional 1 minute to the gentlewoman. 
Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS. It en-
sures that students with disabilities who have taken alternative assess-ments cannot be prevented from re-ceiving a regular diploma. 
These provisions will enhance data 
transparency, improve communication between parents and teachers, and give everyone an equal opportunity to re-ceive a diploma. It ensures that when my son Cole and millions like him walk into a classroom, they will be de-fined by their abilities, not their dis-abilities. 
At its very core, this legislation 
changes the way we think about and educate those with disabilities. That is how we achieve real 21st century edu-cation reform. 
Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. Madam 
Chair, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. R
OKITA ), my colleague. 
Mr. ROKITA. Madam Chair, I thank 
the gentleman from Indiana, my good friend, for his leadership on this issue and the gentleman on the other side of the aisle. I appreciate it very much. 
I rise in strong support of this 
amendment. I think it is a great exam-ple of the kind of use that we intended with this language to begin with. 
The Federal Government spends tens 
of billions of dollars on education an-nually. If you ask the average Hoosier or any American, they think Wash-ington does a pretty poor job of spend-ing those dollars efficiently, as was just demonstrated. 
Instead of business as usual, we 
should look for new and innovative ways to achieve results, which is ex-actly the concept behind the gentle-man’s Pay for Success initiatives. These initiatives provide flexibility for the public and private sectors to part-ner together around common goals. 
This model ensures value for taxpayer dollars. 
As a cosponsor of the underlying bill, 
along with Chairman K
LINE and certain 
members of the Education and the Workforce Committee, we would urge all our colleagues, both Republican and Democrat, to support this amendment. 
Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. Madam 
Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Maryland (Mr. D
ELANEY ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 16 OFFERED BY MR . JEFFRIES  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 16 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
Mr. JEFFRIES. Madam Chair, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 240, line 14, strike ‘‘technology,’’ and 
insert ‘‘technology (including education about the harms of copyright piracy),’’. 
Page 338, line 5, strike ‘‘technology,’’ and 
insert ‘‘technology (including education about the harms of copyright piracy),’’. 
Page 355, line 4, strike ‘‘technology,’’ and 
insert ‘‘technology (including education about the harms of copyright piracy),’’. 
Page 511, line 6, strike ‘‘technology,’’ and 
insert ‘‘technology (including education about the harms of copyright piracy),’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 125, the gentleman from New York (Mr. J
EFFRIES ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New York. 
Mr. JEFFRIES. Madam Chair, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Madam Chair, I rise today in support 
of a modest change to H.R. 5 that would amend relevant portions of the Student Success Act related to tech-nology to include education about the harms of copyright piracy. 
This amendment is designed to en-
courage local educational agencies, teachers, educational staff, and parents to discuss the harms of copyright pi-racy, as well as the use of technology in a responsible fashion. 
In the absence of classroom instruc-
tion about the importance of intellec-tual property, as well as the harms of copyright piracy at the elementary and secondary school level, young people are often unaware of the boundaries es-tablished in law to prevent the illegal infringement of copyrighted content. 
Research suggests that in order to 
uphold the societal value of respect for intellectual property, individuals must learn or be introduced to this principle at an early age. This mission, of course, is anchored in the United States constitutional charge to Con-gress to protect intellectual property. 
Article I, section 8, clause 8 of the 
United States Constitution says: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.097 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1272 February 26, 2015 
The Congress shall have power to promote 
the progress of science and useful arts, by se-curing for limited times to authors and in-ventors the exclusive right to their respec-tive writings and discoveries. 
We have an article I responsibility as 
Members of Congress to insure that creators and innovators are not robbed of the fruits of their labor. Technology, of course, is a wonderful thing, and it is the way of the future. 
It is an important tool, and we must 
ensure that our students are using it in a safe and responsible fashion or, cer-tainly, at least, provide our local edu-cational stakeholders the opportunity 
to disseminate information in a man-ner that they see fit. 
In the classroom, children are cur-
rently taught that plagiarism is an ethical violation of academic honesty. This amendment will hopefully facili-tate the extension of this discussion into the digital era. 
To that end, we must help our local 
schools and parents be given the tools necessary to proactively educate, to the extent that they see fit, informa-tion about the unforeseen impact on copyright piracy, the importance of in-tellectual property, and its connection, of course, to the American economy. 
A variety of bipartisan stakeholders 
support this amendment, including the educational organizations such as CreativeFuture, as well as the Copy-right Alliance, the Recording Industry Association of America, the National Music Publishers’ Association, the Songwriters Guild of America, the Au-thors Guild, The Association of Amer-ican Publishers, as well as The Record-ing Academy. 
Intellectual property protection is a 
foundation of the American economy. Our continued prosperity, at least in part, depends on protecting the innova-tion and the creative output of artists, musicians, scientists, and engineers and insuring that the next generation of creators could flourish as well. 
Thus, it is important to recognize the 
vital role that education can play in helping the future leaders of America understand the value of the American creative community and protect the significant sector for future genera-tions. 
For these reasons, I urge my col-
leagues to support this modest amend-ment. 
Madam Chair, I yield 30 seconds to 
the distinguished gentleman from Vir-ginia (Mr. S
COTT). 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Madam 
Chair, I thank the gentleman for yield-ing. 
Madam Chair, copyright law is a 
complicated field, and any guidance we can give teachers and parents in how to avoid copyright infringement and re-frain from unintentional or intentional piracy would be worthwhile. 
I support the gentleman’s amend-
ment. 
Mr. JEFFRIES. Madam Chair, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
Mr. POLIS. Madam Chair, I claim the 
time in opposition, even though I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Colorado is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. POLIS. Madam Chair, I don’t in-
tend to use the whole time. 
I just wanted to add my praise to Mr. 
Jeffries’ work. I think it also rep-resents a good starting point. I cer-tainly support this amendment. 
There are a number of issues around 
technology that are important to in-corporate in professional development. Some of them have to do with the legal framework, like copyright. I would add to that illegal hacking or accessing of sites. I would add to that trademark pi-racy, in addition to copyright piracy. 
Some of them have to do with poten-
tial dangers to students, like cyber bul-lying, privacy, and knowledge about how students don’t put their personal information online or how it could make them subject to a crime. 
Along with, of course, copyright pi-
racy, particularly in the academic con-text, it is important that teachers, par-ents, and educational professionals re-ceive education on the fair use in the academic context, a very important piece of when you are researching doc-ument citations where the line is be-tween plagiarism and a proper citation, where the line is between fair use in a noncommercial academic context and illegal commercial or personal use of a copyrighted product. 
I think this represents a good start-
ing point. I look forward to working with the gentleman from New York on this issue as it moves forward, and I support the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. J
EFFRIES ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 17 OFFERED BY MS . CLARK OF  
MASSACHUSETTS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 17 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. 
Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 240, line 15, strike ‘‘or’’ at the end. 
Page 240, insert the following after line 20: 
‘‘(I) professional development for teachers, 
principals and other school administrators in early elementary grades that includes spe-cialized knowledge about child development and learning, developmentally-appropriate curricula and teaching practices, meaningful family engagement and collaboration with early care and education programs; 
‘‘(J) professional development, including 
through joint professional development op-portunities, for early childhood educators, teachers, principals, specialized instruc-tional support personnel, and other school leaders; or 
‘‘(K) training on child development, im-
proving instruction, and closing achieve-ment gaps;’’ 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 125, the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. C LARK ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Massachusetts. 
Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. 
Madam Chair, I yield myself 3 minutes. 
Madam Chair, in addition to achiev-
ing outstanding results for individual children, high-quality early childhood education and care is as close to a sil-ver bullet as we are going to find to solve our economic challenges. 
Young children’s brains develop at an 
astonishing pace. Children’s first learn-ing experiences during these years are critical to their visual, language, and social emotional development. Skills developed at this stage are the founda-tion of language and reading pro-ficiency, the key indicators for aca-demic and economic success later in life. 
America’s early childhood teachers 
will provide our children their first in-formative experiences and are, there-fore, a critical influence on our Na-tion’s future economy. An important stepping stone to the middle class is not just access to early learning, but access to high-quality learning. 
Parents should be able to go to work 
and have confidence that their kids are receiving high-quality learning experi-ences. This confidence, in turn, en-hances parents’ ability to work and reach their own economic potential. 
For this reason, I am offering a com-
monsense amendment. This amend-ment simply clarifies that professional development for early grade teachers is an acceptable use of funding under this bill. 
Local school systems should have the 
flexibility to use title II funds, the ex-isting funds that are already targeted to support teachers, principals, and school leaders on professional develop-ment that directly benefits our young-est learners. It is important to note that this amendment does not require them to do so; rather, it simply allows them. 
This no-cost amendment is supported 
by a range of early childhood advo-cates, including the Center for Law and Social Policy and Zero to Three. High- quality early childhood education for our youngest learners is a goal that cuts across party lines and enjoys broad support from the American pub-lic. 
It is a win-win. I hope my colleagues 
in both parties will support this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. H
ULTGREN ). 
Without objection, the gentleman from Indiana is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
the gentlewoman for this amendment. 
Early childhood care and education, 
as we all can appreciate, is critical to both children and working parents. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.100 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1273 February 26, 2015 
This amendment would allow schools 
and Head Start centers, if they so choose, Mr. Chairman, as the gentle-woman described, would allow them, if they so choose, to coordinate and pro-vide important services to low-income children. 
It will also ensure parents have a 
clear understanding of the services being offered. I think this amendment is a step forward for the existing part-nerships between the Head Start pro-gram and local education agencies. 
Like the amendment that was dis-
cussed before, I think this amendment is deserving of our support on both sides of the aisle. 
With that, I yield back the balance of 
my time. 
b2000 
Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. I yield 
1 minute to the gentlewoman from Or-egon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ). 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chairman, I 
would like to thank Representative C
LARK for yielding and for offering this 
important amendment. 
High-quality early childhood edu-
cation sets up students for success throughout their lives and is a critical component of any education system. We should be doing all we can to sup-port early childhood educators, to help engage families in early education, and to take steps to close the achievement gap before it opens. 
This amendment is an important step 
to building a strong foundation for our country’s students. I urge my col-leagues to support Representative C
LARK ’s amendment. 
Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. C
LARK ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 18 OFFERED BY MR . COHEN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 18 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Chair, I offer amend-
ment 18. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 240, line 15, strike ‘‘or’’ at the end. 
Page 240, line 20, add ‘‘or’’ at the end. Page 240, insert the following after line 20: 
‘‘(I) professional development on restora-
tive justice and conflict resolution;’’ 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 125, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. C
OHEN ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Tennessee. 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today to offer an amendment to H.R. 5, the Student Success Act, to add a sec-tion on restorative justice and conflict resolution, allowing States to award grants for professional development in those areas. This amendment allows more flexi-
bility to States by expanding the types of training that can be paid by title II funds, which would be used to make sure teachers and administrators have sufficient training opportunities. The amendment doesn’t add any cost to the bill. 
Numerous studies have shown that 
once students enter the juvenile justice system, they are more likely to be ar-rested as adults. Rather than feeding the school-to-prison pipeline, this amendment offers a means to train teachers and administrators on how to address disciplinary problems by means other than simply suspending or expel-ling students. When students are away from the classroom because of suspen-sions or expulsions, they are more like-ly to get in trouble with law enforce-ment. 
Many LEAs have moved away from 
zero tolerance policies because stu-dents were being suspended or expelled from the classroom for relatively minor behavior. An example was a stu-dent who used his hand to simulate a gun and was suspended and another sit-uation where a child brought a Nerf- style gun to school and was reported to the police. These types of incidents hurt the students, cost society more money in the long run, and cost us human beings. 
This amendment would help by pro-
viding a means to fund the training necessary to establish disciplinary policies and procedures that don’t treat each infraction the same, often with excessive punishment. Restorative jus-tice and conflict resolution programs work to address the cause of discipli-nary problems and repair any harm that has been done. Evidence suggests those restorative justice programs work, and they save money in the long run because incarcerating youth is ex-pensive. A report released by the Jus-tice Policy Institute in 2014 showed in-carcerating a child can exceed $400 a day—or nearly $150,000 a year. 
Many of our Nation’s most vulner-
able youth are swept into the justice system as a result of the current over-reliance on policing in our schools. This needs to stop. From Pennsylvania to California, schools have been seeing reductions in disciplinary infractions and suspensions because of the pro-gram’s usage, and it has been used in many communities around the country but needs to be used in more. 
There are many organizations that 
support, in this country, restorative justice and this amendment. The NEA, the AFT, the Peace Alliance, National Association of Community and Restor-ative Justice, Dignity in Schools, and the Kansas Institute for Peace and Conflict Resolution have all written in support of this amendment. 
If this amendment becomes law, 
teachers and school administrators have the opportunity and resources to address disciplinary problems in ways other than suspension, expulsion, or in-volving law enforcement. More flexi-bility will go to LEAs and save money 
in the long term. CBO has said the amendment does not add cost. 
I appreciate the opportunity to 
present this amendment, which will help numerous students stay on the path to graduation and a crime-free life. I ask my fellow Members to sup-port it. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Chair, I claim the 
time in opposition, although I am not opposed. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Indiana is 
recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
my friend, the gentleman from Ten-nessee, for this amendment. 
This amendment will allow teachers 
and other school professionals, if they so choose, at the State and local level—and that is the key here throughout our bill—to receive train-ing and to better address problems that may arise at their schools. I agree, con-flict resolution is an important tool to help keep students and faculty safe and focused on education rather than the problems. 
This is a good amendment, as it im-
proves the underlying bill, and I thank the gentleman again for offering it. I urge my colleagues to support it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COHEN. I want to thank my 
friend from the Hoosier State for work-ing with me on this. 
I yield 1 minute to the gentleman 
from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS) to address 
his support. 
Mr. POLIS. I thank the gentleman 
from Tennessee. 
Mr. Chairman, I am very proud that 
my home county of Boulder County is one of four judicial districts in the State of Colorado to have a pilot pro-gram for restorative justice. Boulder, Weld, Pueblo, and Alamosa Counties are recipients of the pilot program, and it really is a tremendous opportunity to use restorative justice in the juve-nile delinquency context. 
As you know, the goal of restorative 
justice is for the young people to figure out how they can make up for their crimes directly to the people affected rather than just have a fine that is placed on them. Our district attorney, Stan Garnett, believes that 60 to 70 percent of juvenile crime will be able to be dealt with through restorative justice in Boulder County. 
What this amendment would allow 
for Mr. C
OHEN is a more meaningful 
partnership with the school district to this effect. The current funds for the pilot program come through the justice system. If funds are available to train educators with regard to restorative justice, a more meaningful and inte-grated partnership with the school dis-trict and the DA’s office and the sher-iff’s department can be reached to make restorative justice even more successful, both in Boulder County, Colorado, as well as the rest of the country. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.102 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1274 February 26, 2015 
I strongly support the amendment. 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Chairman, in the 
process of thanking Chairman K LINE 
and Ranking Member S COTT and the 
Committee on Education and the Workforce and Chairman S
ESSIONS and 
Ranking Member S LAUGHTER and the 
rest of the Committee on Rules, I yield the balance of my time to the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. S
COTT), the 
ranking member. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, I thank the gentleman from Ten-nessee for this great amendment. I know, working with him on the Com-mittee on the Judiciary for many years, that he is a strong supporter of crime prevention initiatives; and re-storative justice and conflict resolu-tion programs have been shown to re-duce crime time and time again, and so these concepts are appropriate in our schools. They will help create safe learning environments. I am delighted to support it. 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Chair, I yield back 
the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Tennessee (Mr. C
OHEN ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 19 OFFERED BY MS . WILSON OF  
FLORIDA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 19 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Chair, as 
the designee of Mr. D
UFFY , I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 268, line 9, before the period insert 
‘‘any assessments mandated by the State educational agency or local educational agency for the student for that school year, and any local educational agency policy re-garding student participation in such assess-ments’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 125, the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. W
ILSON ) and a Mem-
ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Florida. 
Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, this amendment requires school districts to be transparent in providing information to parents at the begin-ning of the school year on mandated assessments the students will have to take during the school year and any school district policy on assessment participation. 
As a former teacher and elementary 
school principal, I have seen firsthand the damage caused by the pervasive overuse of high-stakes standardized testing. For the sake of our students and our education system, we need to move towards a more balanced form of assessment that effectively measures diverse kinds of success in teaching and student learning. Unfortunately, H.R. 5 fails to address schools’ exces-sive dependence on deeply problematic standardized tests. As someone who has dedicated dec-
ades of my career and my life to my students and their success, I can tell you that teachers do not join the pro-fession to teach to the test; yet more and more educators are forced to spend time preparing students for tests, ad-ministering tests, and reviewing the re-sults of those tests. By some estimates, almost one-third of a teacher’s time is spent preparing students to take stand-ardized tests. This is unacceptable. That is why this amendment is so im-portant. 
By providing parents with informa-
tion about the standardized tests their students will be taking and providing them with the policies regarding stu-dent participation, we begin to hold the system accountable for the dra-matic overuse of these tests. 
It is time to end this practice of toxic 
overtesting. That is why I support this amendment and ask all of my col-leagues to vote in favor of this amend-ment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Chair, I claim the 
time in opposition, although I do not oppose the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Indiana is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. ROKITA. I thank my colleagues, 
Ms. W
ILSON and Mr. D UFFY , for this 
amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, it looks like this 
amendment promotes transparency for parents and students, and that is a great thing, and that is one of the chief purposes of our bill. We have all heard the concerns about testing from our constituents, neighbors, and colleagues alike. One way to address that is to en-sure parents are aware of what tests their children will have to take. This narrowly tailored amendment ensures parents have that ability to request this information from their children’s school. 
This is a good amendment, as it im-
proves the underlying bill, and I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Florida (Ms. W
ILSON ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 20 OFFERED BY MR . POLIS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 20 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chair, I have an 
amendment as the designee of Mr. M
ESSER and a cosponsor. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 270, line 6, amend the section header 
for section 3101 so that it reads ‘‘ SENSE OF  
CONGRESS ; PURPOSE ’’. 
Page 270, after line 6, insert the following: ‘‘(a) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .— 
‘‘(1) F INDINGS .—The Congress finds the fol-
lowing: ‘‘(A) The number of public charter schools 
has dramatically increased in recent years. Between the 2008–2009 school year and the 2013–2014 school year, there was a 77 percent increase in the number of students attending public charter schools and a 39 percent in-crease in the number of schools. 
‘‘(B) Charter schools serve a very diverse 
population of students. Nationally, 57 per-cent of students enrolled in charter schools are minority students, while only 39 percent of students in non-charter public schools are minority students. 
‘‘(C) For the 2014–2015 school year, there 
are more than 6700 public charter schools serving about 2.9 million students. This rep-resents a 4 percent growth in the number of open charter schools, and a 14 percent in-crease in student enrollment from the 2013– 2014 school year. 
‘‘(D) There are more than one million stu-
dent names on charter school waiting lists. 
‘‘(E) Charter schools are open in areas 
where students need better education op-tions, including areas that serve economi-cally disadvantaged kids. Almost 50 percent of the students attending charter schools qualify for free or reduced priced lunch, a slightly larger percentage than non-charter public schools. 
‘‘(F) Charter schools serve students in all 
areas, from urban cities to rural towns through traditional brick and mortar schools, blended learning models, and online programs, giving parents across the Nation options to find the best learning environ-ment for their children. 
‘‘(G) Charter schools give parents the op-
portunity to find the right place for their child to learn. Whether they are looking for digital learning, Montessori, or a more struc-tured environment, charter schools provide a variety of education options for families. 
‘‘(H) Charter schools have strong account-
ability to parents and the community be-cause they have to meet the same State aca-demic accountability requirements as all other public schools, satisfy the terms of their charter with their authorizing author-ity, and satisfy parents who have selected the school for their children. 
‘‘(2) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
the Congress that charter schools are a crit-ical part of our education system in this Na-tion and the Congress believes we must sup-port opening more quality charter schools to help students succeed in their future. 
Page 270, line 7, strike ‘‘It’’ and insert the 
following: 
‘‘(b) P
URPOSE .—It 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 125, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS) and a Mem-
ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Colorado. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, over 40 
States now allow for public charter schools, Washington State being the newest. Like other kinds of public schools, we find across the country high-quality public charter schools as well as poorly performing public char-ter schools. 
Charter schools are not an answer; 
they are not a problem. They are an opportunity; they are a way that there can be more flexibility at the site level. Some have extended schooldays; some have a differentiated curriculum than the district; some partner very closely with community nonprofits to provide wraparound services. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.105 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1275 February 26, 2015 
Before I came to Congress, Mr. Chair-
man, I had the opportunity to found two charter schools, and I served as su-perintendent of one. The New America School, which now has five campuses in New Mexico and Colorado, works with new immigrants and English language learners to help them gain proficiency in reading and writing English and get-ting a high school-level diploma. 
Many of the students that we re-
cruited to attend our school were not in school before; they worked odd jobs. We had a flexible schedule day or night. We had to provide day care be-cause just under half of our young women who attend that school have children themselves. 
I also had the opportunity to be a co-
founder of the Academy of Urban Learning, which works with homeless youth and youth in transitional hous-ing in Denver, Colorado. 
What this sense of Congress does is it 
simply supports the public charter school movement, which has long had near universal bipartisan support, and it calls upon and supports more quality public charter schools. I want to sepa-rate this from, of course, some of the issues that my colleagues perhaps on both sides of the aisle have with par-ticular low-quality schools, whether they are charter schools or neighbor-hood schools or something in between, like innovation schools, which Colo-rado allows. 
If the school is poor quality, hope-
fully it is a school that not only the Member of Congress who represents that district has a problem with, but hopefully the school board and the su-perintendent also want to take the steps necessary to improve the quality of that public school. 
b2015 
To the extent that we have meth-
odologies and models for successful public charter schools, we need more of them just as we need more high-quality neighborhood schools and just as we need more high-quality magnet schools. I hope that this can be incor-porated as a sense of Congress. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
the time in opposition, but I do not op-pose the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Indiana is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. ROKITA. I thank my colleagues 
Mr. P
OLIS and Mr. M ESSER for con-
tinuing to raise this issue. I am in com-plete agreement with it as are certain Members and a good deal of the com-mittee—really, of this Chamber as a whole. 
Mr. Chairman, this amendment high-
lights the important role charter schools play in our education system. Parents are clamoring for more options for their children, and charter schools help fit that need. 
I visit charter schools all over Indi-
ana and more and more throughout the Nation. It is clear that, while charter 
schools might not be the answer for ev-eryone—that is, some parents love their traditional public schools, some want to have their children homeschooled, and others believe a pri-vate school is the right choice—the key here is choice. 
Many parents would not have an op-
tion at all without charter schools, as the gentleman describes. Charter schools are a great thing, and I appre-ciate this amendment’s adding a sense of Congress on the importance of char-ter schools. 
Again, I thank the gentleman for of-
fering this amendment. I think it is a great amendment, and I encourage my colleagues to support it and the under-lying bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, to address 
the issue of accountability within char-ter schools, charter schools are subject to the same accountability laws as other public schools, both at the Fed-eral level through No Child Left Behind and, indeed, in the successor bill. 
All of the same accountability and 
metrics are applied to public charter schools as they are to magnet schools, to neighborhood schools, and to other district schools of choice. 
In addition, charter schools have a 
strong accountability to parents in the community because, in addition to meeting those State and Federal aca-demic requirements, they have to earn the enrollment of their students. 
Unlike a neighborhood school, they 
start with zero students, and without the confidence of the community and without the confidence of the parents who choose to entrust that particular public school with the education of their kids, they will not succeed. 
I am glad that our Congress can come 
together around important innovation and public education, and I strongly encourage my colleagues to adopt this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 21 OFFERED BY MR . POLIS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 21 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 284, line 8, strike ‘‘and’’. 
Page 284, line 14, insert ‘‘and’’ after the 
semicolon. 
Page 284, after line 14, insert the following: ‘‘(iii) is working to develop or strengthen a 
cohesive strategy to encourage collaboration between charter schools and local edu-cational agencies on the sharing of best prac-tices;’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 125, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-
utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Colorado. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I am 
pleased to offer an amendment today that would amend the Charter Schools Program in title III for the underlying bill and make a positive improvement. 
As you know, the Charter Schools 
Program not only is a lifeline for grow-ing and replicating public charter schools, but we want to see the benefit of that innovation spread across other public schools. I am very grateful to both the underlying bill and the Demo-cratic substitute, which both have very strong language—in fact, nearly iden-tical—about helping quality public charter schools grow and expand. 
As many of my colleagues are quick 
to point out, traditional public schools are also doing innovative things and are showing growth every day. For the foreseeable future, the vast majority of students in the country will continue to attend district public schools. 
District public schools are inno-
vating to provide meaningful programs for students and are helping to narrow the achievement gap in our country every day. 
As my colleagues know, I am quick 
to point out the benefit of innovation that public charter schools allow, in-cluding the two that I founded in Colo-rado and New Mexico. 
My amendment, which I am offering 
with Mr. R
OKITA , would encourage 
charter schools and traditional public schools to collaborate and share best practices. They need not operate in their own separate silos. Both can learn from one another. Both kinds of school governance bring ideas to the table that can improve the quality of education for all students. 
This amendment would simply en-
courage public schools with traditional governance through a school district and public charter schools to work to-gether so that both parties can learn from the others’ success. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
the time in opposition, although I do not oppose the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Indiana is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. 
Mr. ROKITA. I want to thank my 
friend and colleague for this amend-ment, and I appreciate being able to join with him on it and on continuing our work on the charter school initia-tives. 
Mr. Chairman, this amendment sup-
ports the sharing of best practices be-tween charter schools and traditional public schools. Again, I think that is a good thing. We have seen the successful charter school-traditional public school collaborations, like in Ohio be-tween breakthrough schools and the Cleveland Metropolitan School Dis-trict, and we know that working to-gether helps each of them excel. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.109 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1276 February 26, 2015 
It is the old adage of iron sharpening 
iron, and that is reflected here in this good amendment. Put simply, Mr. Chairman, many of us believe other charter schools and traditional public schools can benefit from these partner-ships as well. 
This is a great amendment, and it 
improves the underlying bill. I thank the gentleman for offering it, and I urge my colleagues to support it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 
minute to the gentlewoman from Or-egon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ). 
Ms. BONAMICI. Thank you, Rep-
resentative P OLIS, for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, I want to thank Rep-
resentatives P OLIS and R OKITA for of-
fering this amendment. 
High-quality charter schools are lab-
oratories for innovation. In exchange for offering families, students, and edu-cators the autonomy to experiment with new educational models, we ex-pect that successful approaches to teaching and learning will be widely shared so that the roughly millions of students—in fact, the vast majority of students—in traditional public schools can benefit from the lessons learned. 
Last Congress, an amendment I au-
thored was included in the bipartisan Success and Opportunity through Qual-ity Charter Schools Act. That provi-sion, which is now included in H.R. 5, asks States to track and report on the sharing of best practices emerging from charter schools. 
I am pleased that the Polis-Rokita 
amendment encourages the collabora-tion between charter schools and school districts to improve the dis-semination of promising practices, and I urge my colleagues to join me in sup-porting this amendment. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I hope 
that this amendment, in our small way, helps Congress change the cul-ture, which all too often is too com-petitive between charter schools and school districts. 
I have talked to district administra-
tors and to heads of literacy for dis-tricts who hadn’t been to and didn’t know about innovative literacy pro-grams going on in charter schools in their own districts. 
Again, there is plenty of blame to go 
around. I have talked to charter schools that aren’t aware of their own district’s initiatives for professional development or for STEM education in the lower grades. 
By working together, even at times 
when it takes swallowing one’s pride, I am confident that both public charter schools and district-run schools will benefit in the long run, most impor-tantly, benefiting the students that they serve. I call upon my colleagues to support this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS). 
The amendment was agreed to. AMENDMENT NO . 22 OFFERED BY MS . KELLY OF  
ILLINOIS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 22 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Chair-
man, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 336, after line 20, insert the following: 
‘‘(7) An assurance that the applicant will 
conduct training programs in the commu-nity to improve adult literacy, including fi-nancial literacy.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 125, the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. K
ELLY ) and a Mem-
ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Illinois. 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Chair-
man, I offer a commonsense amend-ment to H.R. 5, the Student Success Act. 
My amendment makes a minor modi-
fication to the underlying bill and does not have an impact on direct spending; still, the simple fix stands to make a tremendous difference for countless students and families on the education front. 
My amendment would provide an as-
surance from statewide family engage-ment center grantees, under the ‘‘fam-ily engagement in education pro-grams’’ portion of the bill, that they will conduct adult and financial lit-eracy training programs in their com-munities as part of their efforts to en-gage families and improve academic outcomes for students. 
So often, the national debate around 
education focuses on children in school, but estimates suggest there are 30 million adults in the United States who have trouble with basic literacy. This means, not only do they struggle in their own lives when reading a menu or paying the bills, but they are also unable to help their children with the most basic homework exercises. Par-ents who struggle to read are often in-capable of comprehending report cards and academic progress reports, and their struggle with literacy can have multigenerational consequences as these parents are unable to provide early academic guidance at home that is critical to early learning success. 
Like reading literacy, financial lit-
eracy is a critical component to com-prehensive education, and communities stand to gain from the existence of more local programs devoted to teach-ing money management skills to par-ents and kids. 
Many teachers cite a lack of time, a 
lack of State curriculum requirements, and a lack of demand as the top chal-lenges to teaching financial literacy. American students today often find themselves in situations in which they are making more spending decisions and accumulating more debt at a time when debt pressures are impacting stu-dent performance and resulting in stu-
dents dropping out of school. 
As the family engagement centers 
supported by this bill aim to improve educational outcomes for families across the spectrum, they must realize that bolstering reading and financial literacy is a critical comprehensive family engagement in education strat-egy. 
Our national security, economic 
prosperity, and global standing depend on America’s ability to secure its edu-cational and financial future. When schools succeed, America succeeds, and when communities and families are in-vested in education, students thrive. 
I ask for bipartisan support of this 
commonsense amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
time in opposition, although I do not oppose the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Indiana is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. ROKITA. I thank the gentle-
woman for this amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, family engagement 
centers are available to help parents understand and engage in their chil-dren’s education. As a part of that mis-sion, the centers help parents learn basic skills, like literacy. In today’s world, financial literacy is an impor-tant issue for parents to be able to un-derstand and support their children’s education. 
I want to be clear that this language 
is part of a grant application and re-quirement. In that regard, it is not part of a testing standard or a teacher training standard. With that, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment and the underlying bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Illinois (Ms. K
ELLY ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 23 OFFERED BY MS . BONAMICI  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 23 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Beginning on page 342, strike line 13 
through page 343, line 24, and insert the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(3) S
TATE ACTIVITIES AND STATE ADMINIS -
TRATION .—A State educational agency may 
reserve not more than 17 percent of the amount allotted to the State under sub-section (b) for each fiscal year for the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(A) Not more than 5 percent of such 
amount for each fiscal year for— 
‘‘(i) the administrative costs of carrying 
out its responsibilities under this part; 
‘‘(ii) monitoring and evaluation of pro-
grams and activities assisted under this part; 
‘‘(iii) providing training and technical as-
sistance under this part; 
‘‘(iv) statewide academic focused pro-
grams; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00110 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.112 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1277 February 26, 2015 
‘‘(v) sharing evidence-based and other ef-
fective strategies with eligible entities. 
‘‘(B) To do one or more of the following: ‘‘(i) To pay the costs of developing the 
State assessments and standards required 
under section 1111(b), which may include the costs of working, at the sole discretion of the State, in voluntary partnerships with other States to develop such assessments and standards. 
‘‘(ii) If the State has developed the assess-
ments and standards required under section 1111(b), to administer those assessments or carry out other activities related to ensuring that the State’s schools and local edu-cational agencies are helping students meet the State’s academic standards under such section. 
‘‘(iii) To conduct an audit of State assess-
ments and report, in a publicly available for-mat, the findings of such audit, which may include assessment purposes, costs, schedule of administration and dissemination of re-sults, description of alignment with the State’s academic standards, and description of policies for inclusion of all students. 
‘‘(iv) To develop and implement a plan to 
improve the State assessment system, which may include efforts, if appropriate as deter-mined by the State— 
‘‘(I) to reduce the number of assessments 
administered; 
‘‘(II) to provide professional development 
on assessment and data literacy; 
‘‘(III) to ensure the quality, validity, and 
reliability of assessments; or 
‘‘(IV) to improve the use of assessments by 
decreasing the time between administering assessments and releasing assessment data. 
‘‘(C) Not more than 5 percent of such 
amount for each fiscal year for awarding blended learning projects under paragraph (4).’’. 
Page 355, after line 15, insert the following 
(and redesignate succeeding provisions ac-cordingly): 
‘‘(2) S
TREAMLINING ASSESSMENT SYSTEMS .— 
An eligible entity that receives an award under this part may use such funds— 
‘‘(A) to conduct an audit of the local as-
sessments administered by the local edu-cational agency and report, in a publicly available format, the findings of such audit, which may include such findings as described under section 3202(c)(3)(B)(iii); and 
‘‘(B) to develop and implement a plan, in 
collaboration with local stakeholders, which may include efforts, if appropriate as deter-mined by the eligible entity, as described under section 3202(c)(3)(B)(iv).’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 125, the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Oregon. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chairman, I 
would like to thank Chairman K
LINE 
and Ranking Member S COTT for their 
leadership on the committee and on this important legislation. I know that we will need to continue to work to-gether to identify opportunities for bi-partisan collaboration if we are going to successfully replace No Child Left Behind, and I have confidence we can do that. 
I also thank Representative C
OS-
TELLO for his work on this amendment 
and for his partnership on the SMART Act. Mr. C
OSTELLO ’s dedication to pub-
lic education is commendable, and I look forward to continuing to work with him. Mr. Chairman, the Bonamici-Costello 
amendment is an example of finding common ground on a way to support teaching and learning in our Nation’s classrooms. We have all heard about the overuse and misuse of standardized tests. Too much time is lost in pre-paring for and in administering assess-ments, and too few of these assess-ments provide timely information that meaningfully supports the learning that is taking place in our schools, but the purposeful use of high-quality as-sessments can support teaching and learning. Good assessments used appro-priately can serve as one tool for moni-toring students’ progress and in help-ing parents, teachers, and school lead-ers see how students are performing across the State. 
This amendment will help to reduce 
the testing burden and build high-qual-ity assessment systems that support teachers and students. Importantly, the amendment recognizes that a one- size-fits-all policy to address excessive testing won’t work. There is evidence that time spent testing fluctuates sig-nificantly among districts, with some districts dedicating three times as many hours to testing as other dis-tricts. 
b2030 
This variety in the use of tests is why 
our amendment lets the States and local districts design their own plans to improve the use of assessments. 
Our amendment reserves a portion of 
local academic flexible grant funds for States and school districts to improve the use of assessments. The amend-ment allows States and school districts to use those funds to audit their assess-ment systems and report to the public the results, which might include the amount of time students spend taking tests, whether those tests are high quality, and whether the tests provide prompt feedback to support teaching. 
The amendment allows States and 
school districts to use the funds to de-velop and implement a plan to make assessments work better for their teachers, families, and students. States and school districts can eliminate low- quality or redundant tests, provide pro-fessional development on assessment literacy, or speed the delivery of as-sessment results to student and edu-cators. 
Once again, I thank Representative 
C
OSTELLO for his partnership, and 
Chairman K LINE, Representative 
ROKITA , and Representative S COTT for 
their willingness to work with us to make sure States and school districts have the ability to eliminate unneeded assessments and get the most out of 
high-quality assessments. 
I urge my colleagues to support the 
Bonamici-Costello amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Chairman, I claim the time in opposi-tion, but I do not intend to oppose the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, public education is 
overly burdened by standardized tests. Frustrated teachers and parents, not to mention students, are all saying the same thing: We need to do something about excessive testing in our public schools. 
Make no mistake, regular assess-
ments in English and math are essen-tial objective tools to measure achieve-ment, but their impact has been worn down through an unnecessary maze of blue books and Scantron sheets that waste classroom time and prevent our teachers from doing their jobs. 
Let me illustrate the point at my 
alma mater, Owen J. Roberts High School. Prior to 1992, high school stu-dents would have a midterm and final test for some of their courses, and teachers would spend a day or two re-viewing for these tests and a class pe-riod giving the tests. This would be ap-proximately 5 hours per subject of in-structional time for reviewing for and administering these exams. 
Currently, a member of the class of 
2017 who is proficient already on Penn-sylvania assessment tests will spend approximately 43 hours preparing for and taking three Keystone exams and the other high school assessment to prepare for college. 
A member of the class of 2017 who is 
not proficient on these tests during the first attempt could spend, minimally, 163 hours preparing for and taking three Keystone exams twice, com-pleting three online PBA assessments, attending three classes of remediation, and completing the other high school assessments to prepare for college. 
The bottom line: it is too much. It is 
stifling. It is not conducive to fostering the intellectual growth we want to see in our students. 
This bipartisan amendment is a solu-
tion to many of the redundant, low- quality, and unnecessary testing that takes place. It will empower teachers and parents by giving existing Federal funding to State and local education agencies to develop curriculum plans to make the use of tests for the stu-dent. 
It also means quicker delivery of as-
sessment data to educators and parents and a more qualitative analysis of how to shape curriculum for that student from the local district and parents, not the Federal Government. 
We need to stop teaching to the test 
and get back to empowering our chil-dren to think and succeed at the local level. 
I thank Chairman K
LINE for the op-
portunity to address this important issue, and I appreciate the efforts of Congresswoman B
ONAMICI and her un-
wavering dedication to this issue of im-proving public education. She has been a delight to work with. 
I encourage my colleagues to join in 
favor of this amendment to be included 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00111 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.056 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1278 February 26, 2015 
in H.R. 5, and I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Ms. BONAMICI. May I inquire about 
the balance of my time? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Oregon has 21⁄2minutes remain-
ing. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chairman, at 
this time I yield 1 minute to my col-league from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS). 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chair, I want to 
thank Ms. B ONAMICI for bringing for-
ward this important amendment. Hard-ly a day goes by where I don’t hear from my constituents that there is too much testing. 
Now, they don’t often make the ef-
fort to distinguish between district testing, State testing, Federal testing and classroom testing, but clearly the Federal piece is the part that we are dealing with here today in Washington. 
What this amendment ensures is that 
we can focus on the quality of testing. We recently had a school district, Poudre School District, in and around Fort Collins, that did a review of all the different levels of testing that they have. What drives the most frustration among educators and among families and among students is testing for which they either don’t understand the purpose or it doesn’t have a purpose. 
We need to make clear not only what 
the purpose of testing is in public edu-cation but also have the most efficient and best route to get from here to there with regard to the quality of the tests. 
There are too many unnecessary and 
low-quality tests in public education. And at the same time we maintain our commitment to accountability and transparency, we must ensure that we take the quickest possible line from point A to point B through the highest- quality tests and the minimum amount of testing necessary to fulfill the very important public policy goals of ac-countability and transparency. 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. C
URBELO ), a 
true champion of public education. 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, I rise today in support of the amendment offered by my distin-guished colleagues, Mr. C
OSTELLO and 
Ms. B ONAMICI . 
As a member of the Miami-Dade 
County Public School Board, I am all too familiar with all of the challenges that our families and students face as it relates to testing. 
Now, don’t get me wrong. Testing is 
a critical part, an element of the ac-countability system. If we can’t ask the question, ‘‘Are our children learn-ing?’’ then we have already failed in de-livering an education system that serves this great Nation and our fami-lies. However, excessive and redundant testing has undermined accountability systems and has made it harder for our young people to learn. 
That is why I commend my distin-
guished colleagues for working to-gether in a bipartisan way to offer this solution that will help millions and 
millions of children, teachers, and fam-ilies all over our country. I know that the children of Miami-Dade County Public Schools and Monroe County Public Schools will appreciate this amendment. I know that the teachers back home will appreciate this amend-ment, and I commend my colleagues for their courage to work together in favor of such a smart solution. 
I also want to take the opportunity 
to commend Chairman K
LINE and 
Chairman R OKITA for all of their hard 
work on the underlying bill, which I support. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chairman, I 
want to thank, again, my cosponsor of this amendment and those who spoke in favor. Good, quality assessments can inform instruction. Duplicative assess-ments need to be eliminated. This amendment gives districts and States the flexibility to do that. I urge my colleagues to support it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. R
OKITA ). 
Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Chair, I thank Mr. 
COSTELLO for yielding. I want to con-
gratulate him on already being an ef-fective Member of Congress. I also want to thank Representative B
ONAMICI for her continued work on 
this amendment and seeing it through; also, Representative C
ARLOS CURBELO , 
a member of our committee, for his ef-fectiveness to date. It has been a great partnership all the way around. 
I want to associate myself with Mr. 
C
URBELO ’s remarks and also simply add 
that this amendment helps States ex-amine all of the assessments given to students, helps improve how student assessments are used, and possibly lim-its how many are given. 
This is a commonsense amendment, 
and I am happy to support it and urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to do so as well. 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Oregon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 24 OFFERED BY MR . POLIS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 24 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 343, after line 24, insert the following 
new subparagraph: 
‘‘(H) Awarding grants for the creation and 
distribution of open access textbooks and open educational resources.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 125, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS) and a Mem-
ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Colorado. 
Mr. POLIS. In education, Mr. Chair-
man, oftentimes textbooks cost hun-dreds of dollars for each student. Now, sometimes that money has to come from the families. Sometimes the school or the district might have some old dog-eared textbooks, outdated and of different versions. 
I have been to a number of class-
rooms where the teacher has to say, For your assignment, if you have this version, read pages 33 through 35. If you have this version, it is 36 through 38. If you don’t have any version, here’s a few copies in front that we’ll give to you. 
That gets in the way of a quality 
education, both from an access stand-point, from a reinforcing economic dis-parity standpoint, as well as pre-venting our students from having ac-cess to the most up-to-date textbooks and available information. 
In an effort to address this issue, 
what my amendment would do is cre-ate an allowable use of funds for award-ing grants for the creation and dis-tribution of open source textbooks and open educational resources. 
The open source movement, in gen-
eral, is sweeping the country with re-gard to available education and other areas. My amendment allows funds to be used for the creation and distribu-tion of open source educational re-sources and textbooks at the K–12 level to bring cost savings to school dis-tricts, cost savings to families, and quality enhancements and educational enhancements to those districts, schools, and States that embrace this utilization of the funds. 
Many States and districts are al-
ready beginning to embrace this con-cept to save costs and improve the quality of their educational content in tight budget times. My amendment would simply allow them to use exist-ing Federal funds to boost these cost savings even more in innovative dis-tricts and States that have chosen to embrace the open source textbook movement. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Indiana is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. ROKITA. Again, I thank Mr. 
P
OLIS for this amendment. The amend-
ment simply clarifies that States may use, again, at their choosing, their funds under the local academic flexible grant to create or distribute open source education resources. This is a good thing. This grant is designed to be used to support the activities the State and local school districts believe are important to their students. If open source material is what is best for them, they should be able to use the funding to support that activity. This is in line with the spirit and themes 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00112 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.117 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1279 February 26, 2015 
found throughout the Student Success 
Act. 
Again, I thank the gentleman for his 
leadership in offering it. I urge my col-leagues to support it, and the under-lying bill. 
With that, I yield back the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, by sup-
porting my amendment, Congress can 
voice its support for the growing aca-demic open source community and for encouraging cost-reducing, quality-en-hancing innovation in the content that is available for students across the country. 
I encourage my colleagues to support 
my amendment, the open education re-sources amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 25 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
LEE 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 25 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 354, line 19, strike ‘‘two’’ and insert 
‘‘three’’. 
Page 355, after line 15, insert the following: 
‘‘(iii) Accountability-based programs and 
activities that are designed to enhance school safety, which may include research- based bullying prevention, cyberbullying prevention, disruption of recruitment activ-ity by groups or individuals involved in vio-lent extremism, and gang prevention pro-grams, as well as intervention programs re-garding bullying.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 125, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Texas. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, 
let me thank the gentleman from Indi-ana for his kindness this evening as I have listened to the debate. I want to thank the ranking member of the full committee, Mr. S
COTT, and Mr. K LINE, 
who have worked diligently. We could not have come to the point of having Members’ amendments without the very hard work of Mr. S
COTT’s staff, 
and certainly Mr. K LINE. So I thank 
both of them because of our great con-cern on this issue. 
Mr. Chairman and colleagues, this is 
a face that I am trying to help with my amendment. This is the face of children being bullied in America. 
My amendment supports account-
ability-based programs and activities that are designed to enhance school safety, including research-based bul-lying prevention, cyber bullying pre-vention, disruption of recruitment ac-tivity by groups or individuals involved in violent extremism, and gang preven-tion programs. I will note, Mr. Chairman, that this 
amendment wants to support account-ability-based programs and to acknowl-edge that every day in schools across America children of all kinds are bullied. One in seven students in grades K–12 is either a bully or a victim of bullying, and 282,000 students are phys-ically attacked in secondary schools each month. 
The Jackson Lee amendment also ad-
dresses growing concerns regarding violent extremism and the misuse of social media by militant extremist groups to recruit students and young persons. 
It really is about giving tools to 
schools to be prepared for the new, if you will, ills that are facing our chil-dren, which include cyber bullying, bullying based on discrimination, and peer advocacy. 
b2045 
It is noted that when bystanders in-
tervene, bullying stops within 10 sec-onds, 57 percent of the time; and bullied youths were most likely to re-port that actions that accessed support from others made a positive difference. 
I ask my colleagues to support this 
amendment and to realize that we can provide the skills and the tools for school districts to help in these very unfortunate circumstances for our chil-dren. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Indiana is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
the gentlewoman for offering this amendment. This adds an allowable use of funds for what we are calling the local academic flexible grant to sup-port projects that focus on school and student safety. 
The local academic flexible grant, 
again, is the product of us eliminating over 65 programs in current law and de-livering the funds that supported those programs back to the States and, with the States’ blessing, even further back to local school districts and so forth. 
We know all too well that bad things 
can happen in schools. This amend-ment will clarify that school districts can use this funding—again, not being mandated by the Federal Govern-ment—but through this grant can use the funding to support programs aimed at making schools safer. This is in all our interests. 
I thank the gentlewoman for offering 
this amendment and urge my col-leagues to support it and the under-lying bill. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, 
how much time do I have remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Texas has 3 minutes remaining. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Let me, first of 
all, thank the gentleman from Indiana, again, for the clarity of this instruc-tion to our school districts across America; and if I might, again, ac-knowledge Mr. S
COTT and the chairman 
of the full committee. 
If I might continue to say that cyber 
bullying, it is estimated that 2.2 mil-lion children experienced cyber bul-lying in 2011. 
This is a teaching tool. This is a Mar-
vel comic book that says Internet superheroes meet the Internet villains, many different tools that school dis-tricts can use to be able to educate our children. 
Sixty-four percent of students en-
rolled in weight loss programs reported experiencing weight-based victimiza-tion. 
As I indicated, peer advocacy, 70.6 
percent of young people say they have seen bullying in their school. We know that this is a problem, but we know that intervention helps. My amend-ment, again, emphasizes the interven-tion and the accountability. 
I ask my colleagues to support this 
amendment, I thank them for their support in advance, and I leave you simply by acknowledging that this face should be a smile. When every child goes to school, they should have a smile on their face. 
Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the 
desk. It is listed in the report as Jackson Lee Amendment No. 25. 
As the founder and co-chair of the Congres-
sional Children’s Caucus, I have long advo-cated for the health, dignity and well-being of our nation’s children. 
One of the fundamental things that children 
need to succeed in life is a good education. 
I thank the Rules Committee for making in 
order Jackson Lee Amendment No. 25. 
Mr. Chair, Jackson Lee Amendment No. 25 
supports accountability-based programs and activities that are designed to enhance school safety, which may include research-based bul-lying prevention, cyberbullying prevention, dis-ruption of recruitment activity by groups or in-dividuals involved in violent extremism, and gang prevention programs. 
Statistics on bullying: Mr. Chair, the daily reality for too many of 
our children is that they are threatened, bullied, and assaulted but reluctant to tell adults about their pain or shame: 
1. 1 in 7 students in grades K–12 is either 
a bully or a victim of bullying. 
2. 282,000 students are physically attacked 
in secondary schools each month. 
3. 90% of 4th to 8th grade students report 
being victims of bullying of some type. 
4. 71% of students report incidents of bul-
lying as a problem at their school. 
5. 15% of all students who don’t show up 
for school report it to being out of fear of being bullied while at school. 
Consequences of bullying: 1. 15% of all school absenteeism is directly 
related to fears of being bullied at school. 
2. According to bullying statistics, 10 per-
cent of school dropouts do so because of re-peated bullying. 
3. Bullying is a leading cause of adolescent 
suicide. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00113 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.120 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1280 February 26, 2015 
The Jackson Lee Amendment also address-
es growing concerns regarding violent extre-mism and the misuse of social media by mili-tant extremist groups to recruit students and young people. 
Mr. Chair, as we all know, our world 
changed on September 11, 2001. 
Groups like ISIS/ISIL are attempting to 
reach children and young people through so-cial media. 
This activity is being addressed by law en-
forcement, intelligence, and Homeland Secu-rity. 
It is important that we provide schools and 
school districts an opportunity to include in their education programs around school vio-lence material for parents and their children on the issue of radical extremism. 
As the ranking member of the Judiciary 
Committee’s Subcommittee on Crime, Ter-rorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, as well as a senior member of the Homeland Security Committee I believe that we must ad-dress emerging threats where they are as early as possible. 
I ask my colleagues to support Jackson Lee 
Amendment No. 25 to help protect our school age children from bullying and radical extre-mism. 
CYBERBULLYING AND SUICIDE STATISTICS  
Cyberbullying: Estimated that 2.2 million stu-
dents experienced cyberbullying in 2011. 
Of the 9% of students that reported being 
cyber-bullied in the National Crime Victimiza-tion Survey compared to 6.2% in 2009 (NCES, 2013): 71.9% reported being cyber-bullied once or twice in the school year, 19.6% re-ported once or twice a month, 5.3% reported once or twice a week, and 3.1% reported al-most every day. 
Bullying based on discrimination: 64% of 
students enrolled in weight-loss programs re-ported experiencing weight-based victimiza-tion. 
Of 7,000 LGBT aged 13–21 revealed that 
because of their sexual orientation: 8 of 10 students had been verbally harassed at school, 4 of 10 had been physically harassed at school, 6 of 10 felt unsafe at school, and 1 of 5 had been the victim of a physical assault at school. 
Children with disabilities were two to three 
times more likely to be bullied than their non-disabled peers. 
Peer advocacy: 70.6% of young people say 
they have seen bullying in their schools (U.S. Department of Health & Human Services, 2014). When bystanders intervene, bullying stops within 10 seconds 57% of the lime (U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, 2014). 
Bullying intervention: Bullied youth were 
most likely to report that actions that accessed support from others made a positive difference (Davis and Nixon, 2010). 
Last thing, I would like to reference the fol-
lowing: Super Heroes Meet the Internet Vil-lains Marvel, sponsored by Microsoft. 
HOWONEGOVERNMENT ISTAKING DRASTIC  
MEASURES TOSAVEKIDSFROMISLAMIC EX-
TREMIST BRAINWASHING  
(By Kara Pendleton) 
ISIS has been busy recruiting children, 
even publishing a booklet for mothers called the Sister’s Role in Jihad that instructs them to begin indoctrinating their children as infants, because waiting until they’re older may ‘‘be too late.’’ The Middle East Media Research Institute 
(MEMRI) reports that ‘‘children are central to ISIS,’’ being both a propaganda tool and future fighters. 
Due to a surge in Islamic extremism occur-
ring in the U.K., the government is taking steps to help combat the grooming and in-doctrination of youngsters: 
A new bill proposed in the U.K. would en-
list school teachers as agents of the state in the fight. 
How would it work? The Daily Mail cites a Home Office (the 
U.K. counterpart to the U.S. State Depart-ment) spokesman, who explained: 
‘‘We are not expecting teachers and nurs-
ery workers to carry out unnecessary intru-sion into family life but we do expect them to take action when they observe behaviour of concern. 
For schools, including nurseries and other 
childcare providers, we would expect staff to have the training they need to identify chil-dren at risk of radicalisation and know where and how to refer them for further help if necessary.’’ 
However, some argue this latest move is a 
step too far. 
The policy director of the human rights 
body Liberty, Isabella Sanky, believes the focus should be on supporting those children who are at risk: 
‘‘Instead they are playing straight into 
terrorists’ hands by rushing through a Bill that undermines our democratic principles and turns us into a nation of suspects.’’ 
People remain split over whether it is ac-
ceptable for the state to take children away from their parents. With ISIS and radical Islam on the rise, it’s clearly difficult to find the line between freedom and state control and identify a solution that both respects in-dividual rights and protects the populous. 
I ask for support of the Jackson Lee 
amendment and yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  
LEE). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 26 OFFERED BY MS . WILSON OF  
FLORIDA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 26 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 354, line 19, strike ‘‘two categories’’ 
and insert ‘‘four categories’’. 
Page 355, after line 15, insert the following: 
‘‘(iii) Establishing, expanding, or main-
taining intensive care reading laboratories to assist elementary school students who are reading at below grade level. 
‘‘(iv) Enabling elementary schools to pro-
vide instruction in language arts, mathe-matics, and science in grades 1 through 3 through teachers who are specialized in lan-guage arts, mathematics, or science, respec-tively. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 125, the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. W
ILSON ) and a Mem-
ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Florida. 
Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, this amendment provides for ele-mentary students reading below grade 
level to utilize intensive care reading labs to improve their reading effi-ciency. 
I am well aware of the shortcomings 
of H.R. 5 and its failure to make the improvements necessary to bring our educational system into the 21st cen-tury. The bill falls short of providing quality education for many of our young students and has, in fact, left many of our students behind. 
Students need enriching learning en-
vironments, individualized instruction, well-trained teachers, and positive re-inforcement to support their edu-cational development. 
Mr. Chairman, this amendment I 
have before you today provides for just that approach to helping students im-prove their reading proficiency. 
First, it provides for individualized 
reading instruction through intensive care reading labs, in addition to their normal reading instruction in schools, helping improve students’ literacy early in their education. 
In these labs, students will be taught 
by highly trained teachers who work with students in small numbers to im-prove their literacy and reading com-prehension. If children can read on grade level by grade three, they will graduate high school. 
Teachers in first, second, and third 
grade should specialize in teaching lan-guage arts, then another subgroup should specialize in math and science. They should be trained by the school district. 
By using this specialized approach, 
schools will be able to better prepare teachers and ensure students are being taught by teachers dedicated to their 
specific fields. In high schools, English teachers teach English, math teachers teach math. It should be the same in K–3 grades. 
That is why I support this amend-
ment and why I urge all of my col-leagues to vote for this amendment as well. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
time in opposition to this amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Indiana is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Chair, I appreciate 
the gentlewoman’s concern and the purpose of this amendment; however, it must be opposed. 
Comprehensive literacy and reading 
programs and their connection to col-lege and career success are obviously vitally important. 
Since State and local educational of-
ficials understand the importance of reading proficiency, including the ben-efits of teaching comprehension, vocab-ulary, and other skills, I am confident that these officials will see the benefits of programs like this and choose to use their local academic flexible grant under this bill to fund programs like this. 
The block grant is designed to be 
flexible, thereby allowing local edu-cation officials to use the funds in a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00114 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.073 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1281 February 26, 2015 
way that most benefits their students. 
We do not want to start rebuilding the silos that we have just knocked down with this bill language. 
I believe this amendment, unfortu-
nately, would do that very thing by re-quiring this instruction instead of let-ting State and local school districts, teachers, parents, local taxpayers, and school officials decide what is best for their students. 
I agree, again, with the importance 
of this issue, but oppose the amend-ment as the underlying bill already provides States and school districts funding flexibility to set their own pri-orities, not letting Washington do it. 
I encourage my colleagues, on that 
basis then, to oppose this amendment but still support the underlying bill. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Florida (Ms. W
ILSON ). 
The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 27 OFFERED BY MR . COURTNEY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 27 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 366, line 5, strike ‘‘and’’. 
Page 366, after line 5, insert the following: 
(2) in paragraph (1)(E)— (A) by striking ‘‘(E)’’ and inserting 
‘‘(E)(i)’’; 
(B) by striking the semicolon and inserting 
‘‘; or’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) resided on Federal property under 
lease under subchapter IV of chapter 169 of title 10, United States Code;’’; and 
Page 366, line 6, strike ‘‘(2)’’ and insert 
‘‘(3)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 125, the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. C
OURTNEY ) and 
a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Connecticut. 
Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Chairman, 
nearly two decades ago, Congress cre-ated the Military Housing Privatiza-tion Initiative to improve military family housing that, in many cases, was decrepit by allowing private devel-opers to upgrade, maintain, and oper-ate housing communities. 
In the years since, public-private 
ventures created under this program have infused millions in private capital to improve the living conditions of military families at installations all across the country and has made a tre-mendous difference for our military families across the Nation. 
As of 2011, 193,000 units of housing 
have been converted under this pro-gram. Under the program, priority for housing goes first to military per-sonnel, then to Federal employees and retirees. However, if occupancy rates drop below certain levels for a period of time, the housing can be made avail-
able to the general public. 
Allowing nonmilitary families with 
children access to this housing is an important part of ensuring the finan-cial viability of these ventures, but it also presents unanticipated challenges to the host communities where they are located, since these properties are property tax exempt. 
For example, today, there are 130 ci-
vilian nonmilitary children residing at the public-private housing at Naval Submarine Base New London in Grot-on, Connecticut. 
These children attend Groton public 
schools alongside military children re-siding in the same community; yet Groton receives no Impact Aid support for the cost of their education. Since their housing is property tax exempt, the host community has to absorb the entire per pupil cost for their edu-cation. 
While I was made aware of this prob-
lem because of the growing challenge in Groton, it is clear from discussions with Navy officials and the Groton de-veloper that the same problem will face communities across the country that have privatized military housing, as the size and composition of our mili-tary changes in the years ahead. 
Under current law, local schools are 
eligible to receive only 5 percent of the support payments for children residing on Federal property with a parent who is not affiliated, but only if the number of children being educated equals or ex-ceeds 1,000 or equals or exceeds 10 per-cent of the total numbers of students in average daily attendance. 
My amendment is simple. It would 
ensure that the number of civilian chil-dren living in property tax exempt military housing can be more ade-quately factored into a community’s support for educating these children under Impact Aid. 
Since my amendment was made in 
order last night, I have heard recogni-tion of the problem that I am seeking to address, but also concerns at how it would have wider-ranging impacts to this program, particularly in light of the ongoing funding challenges in Im-pact Aid. 
Throughout the day, my staff and I 
have had productive and thoughtful discussions with the National Associa-tion of Federally Impacted Schools and the Military Impacted Schools Associa-tion about how to address this issue that my communities and others are facing. 
I would note that the chairman of 
the committee, Mr. K
LINE, who also 
serves on the House Armed Services Committee with me, has pledged to work with my office to try and address this issue which, again, at the end of the day, is about fairness for host com-munities that step up and make sure that our military families have safe and good schools. 
Mr. KLINE. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. COURTNEY. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Minnesota. Mr. KLINE. I will be happy to work 
with you. 
Mr. COURTNEY. I appreciate that, 
Mr. K
LINE. These organizations have 
pledged to work with me to find ways to constructively address these issues in the days moving ahead. 
Mr. Chair, I withdraw my amend-
ment. 
AMENDMENT NO . 28 OFFERED BY MR . NOLAN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 28 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 391, line 19, add at the end after the 
period the following: ‘‘It is further the policy of the United States to ensure that Indian children do not attend school in buildings that are dilapidated or deteriorating, which may negatively affect the academic success of such children.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 125, the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. N
OLAN ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Minnesota. 
Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Chairman, I would 
like to begin by thanking Chairman K
LINE for his work on this important 
legislation; of course, Ranking Member B
OBBY SCOTT as well; and the members 
of the committee and the Rules Com-mittee for allowing us to offer this amendment here this evening. 
Mr. Chairman, in short, my amend-
ment ensures that Indian children will not be expected to attend school in buildings that are dilapidated and dan-gerous. 
Under title V of House Resolution 5, 
the Federal Government has an obliga-tion to fund and to maintain these schools. It is time to honor that obliga-tion and send the message to our stu-dents in Indian Country that their edu-cation and their success in life are im-portant to all of us, and expecting them to go to school in facilities in utter disrepair simply does not send that message. 
According to the Department of the 
Interior, there are 63 schools funded by the Bureau of Indian Education that are listed in poor condition. 
For example, the Bug-O-Nay-Ge-Shig 
School on the Leech Lake Reservation in my district is housed in an old pole building—cold and drafty in the winter, hot in the summer, unfit for children or teachers in any season. 
I operated my sawmill and pallet fac-
tory in a pole building. I think we all agree that we want something better for our children when they go to school. 
Look around us right now, Mr. Chair-
man. We have a magnificent Capitol here to symbolize the importance of the work and the purpose of what we do here. 
Sure, as a practical matter, we can 
conduct our Nation’s business in a pole 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00115 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.126 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1282 February 26, 2015 
building, but we don’t and for good rea-
son. 
b2100 
Architecture needs to carry with it 
not only a sense of function but a sense of importance and a sense of purpose. The simple truth is architecturally dis-tinctive schools deliver a message to students that their education is valued, that it is important. 
The Bug-O-Nay-Ge-Shig School I 
mentioned, like so many others, has an incredibly long list of serious prob-lems. Students endure rodent and bat infestations, roof leaks and holes, mold and fungus, a faulty air system, uneven floors, poor lighting, sewer problems, and dangerous electrical configura-tions with wires just crisscrossing all the hallways and the rooms in a dan-gerous way. This building is literally at risk of collapse. It has earned the nickname ‘‘Killer Hall’’ from the local emergency responders. 
Students and faculty throughout the 
63 schools in Indian Country face simi-lar serious health and safety risks every day at schools like this, thus per-petuating lower graduation rates and difficulties retaining qualified teach-ers. In fact, Chairman K
LINE, himself, 
called for action on tribal school con-struction in a letter to the Bureau of Indian Education just last week, and I want to applaud him for that. 
Regarding the Bug-O-Nay-Ge-Shig 
School, the chairman said: ‘‘This ap-palling situation not only adversely af-fects the quality of education these students receive, but also their health and safety.’’ The chairman is right. Our children deserve better, regardless of where they live. 
I want to particularly thank the gen-
tlewoman from Minnesota, Congress-woman B
ETTY MCCOLLUM , for her con-
tinued support on this issue, as well as Congresswoman A
NNKIRKPATRICK of 
Arizona, Congressman B ENRAYLUJA´N 
of New Mexico, and Congressman R AUL 
RUIZof California for cosponsoring this 
amendment. 
I am pleased the administration re-
quested more money for the Bureau of Indian Education construction funding in its most recent budget, but we can do better. We can do more. 
Minnesota’s MinnPost reporter Devin 
Henry recently wrote a story entitled, ‘‘Where Republicans and Democrats Agree the Government Needs to Spend More,’’ and that item is funding for In-dian education and construction. I will include that article in the R
ECORD . 
[From MINNPOST, Feb. 9, 2015] 
WHERE REPUBLICANS AND DEMOCRATS AGREE  
THEGOVERNMENT NEEDS TO SPEND MORE 
(By Devin Henry) 
WASHINGTON .—From budget limits to the 
national debt, much of the debate Wash-ington today focuses on cutting spending. But on at least one line item in President Obama’s budget, lawmakers on both sides of the aisle agree that the government needs to spend more. 
Minnesota Rep. Betty McCollum, a Demo-
crat on the budget-writing Appropriations Committee, said she and a group of members, including Republicans, are looking for ways 
to boost funding for school construction on tribal lands around the country, even after Obama proposed pumping millions in new money into it. 
Tribal school construction has been ne-
glected for some time, so even though Obama proposed more than doubling its modest budget next year, it’s not nearly enough to confront the problem of broken down schools around the country. In Minnesota, the Leech Lake Reservation’s Bug-O-Nay-Ge-Shig School, typifies this—it’s housed in a used pole barn and students have taken to wear-ing winter coats while in the school. When winds reach 40 miles per hour, teachers move children to other buildings. 
The administration sees Obama’s proposal 
as a first step of a multi-year effort to im-prove the system, but Indian education advo-cates are looking for more money right now to kick-start new school construction down the road. 
Still, officials are heartened that the issue 
is at least on the radar—the Bug School, for example, isn’t funded in Obama’s plan, but tribal chairwoman Carri Jones issued a statement saying the tribe is ‘‘extremely pleased and grateful’’ that the president in-cluded new funds in his budget. 
On Capitol Hill, funding for Indian edu-
cation, especially school construction, is an area of relative bipartisanship: last year, for example, both parties agreed on a large spending increase for replacement school construction around the country, above what even Obama proposed. McCollum credits this to trust and treaty obligations the United States government has to tribes across America—the U.S. has a responsibility to support tribes, and it’s one Congress takes seriously. 
There are still a lot of questions about 
what McCollum and others are trying to do, like how much money they’re looking for, and where it will come from. For now, she’s not getting into details, except to say that she thinks more money could be on its way. 
‘‘This is not enough money and we need to 
come up with a plan that would have tribal nations, American children who are members of tribal nations, going to safe schools, 21st century schools,’’ she said. 
OBAMA ’S PLAN WINS BIPARTISAN SUPPORT  
Obama has proposed a $1 billion budget for 
the Bureau of Indian Education in 2016—a $150 million increase over current levels. That includes $45 million for new school con-struction. The budget represents a big in-crease over what Obama has looked for in the past—new school construction saw a big influx of funding in the stimulus act in 2009, but his $3.5 million request last year was his first since 2011. 
Even so, the problem is much bigger than 
what’s in Obama’s budget. His proposal would go toward building the last two build-ings on a 2004 list of replaceable schools, but that would still leave behind a $1.3 billion backlog of dilapidated schools nationwide. 
Members on both sides of the aisle greeted 
the request as a welcome change of pace after what McCollum described as a ‘‘time out’’ for BIE construction funding. Repub-lican Rep. Tom Cole, an Oklahoman on the Appropriations Committee with whom McCollum has worked on Indian issues, said the proposal ‘‘is an area where we can co-operate and hopefully make a lot of progress on.’’ 
Minnesota Rep. John Kline, who chairs the 
House Education Committee, said in a state-ment that he’s ‘‘pleased’’ by the proposal and vowed to ‘‘look more closely at this issue and demand better for these students.’’ 
All that said, everyone recognizes the plan 
only accounts for two schools-worth of fund-ing. When Interior Secretary Sally Jewell in-
troduced Obama’s plan to reporters last month, she acknowledged that $45 million isn’t enough to made major inroads in the school construction backlog. She called it ‘‘just step one in a multi-year approach’’ to fixing the backlog, and said it ‘‘was as far as we could reasonably go’’ to fit funding into the overall budget and get lawmakers’ ap-proval. 
HAPPY WITH THE PLAN , BUT LOOKING FOR MORE  
Congress has a history of going above and 
beyond what the Obama administration re-quests on BIE issues. Last year, for example, Obama requested $3.5 million to plan con-struction of a new BIE school in Maine. Con-gress appropriated $20.1 million to straight- up build the school instead. 
Since Obama’s 2016 budget covers the 
money needed to rebuild the schools still on the government’s list, any money above that could go toward planning the schools that might be included on a new replacement list, McCollum said. ‘‘When we see the list and we have a dollar figure off the list, then we need to have the big idea, the big plan on a way forward so we can get these schools recon-structed so they can be repaired, and rebuilt where they need to be taken down,’’ she said. 
To that end, she and other budget writers 
are scouring the budget—from the Interior Department and beyond—trying to find fund-ing to pump up BIE construction even fur-ther. It’s a bipartisan effort: McCollum said she, Cole and a group of other Republicans began discussing additional funding schemes while they toured Indian Country in Arizona last month. 
‘‘We were literally at dinner like, ‘what if 
we try this, what if we try that, well we’re going to talk to Treasury, we’re going to talk to OMB, let’s talk to the White House,’’’ she said. 
There is danger here, of course, that par-
tisan budget fights could delay or derail the whole process. The Interior budget is rel-atively small, which McCollum said makes it difficult to shift funding toward a bipartisan priority like Indian schools when there are other areas—clean air and water, wildfire prevention—that need funding. It’s easier to find money for Defense Department schools (the only other school system the federal government runs) because the DOD budget is so big. 
But that’s what negotiations are for. 
McCollum and Oklahoma’s Cole both said they expect to eventually find a path for-ward on this. ‘‘The trick is always finding the money, be-cause the president is proposing this having disregarded the budget caps,’’ Cole said. ‘‘But it wouldn’t be the first time, on Inte-rior Approps, we’ve been able to rob Peter to pay Paul. And the Democrats might not like the Peter, but we all agree on the Paul that needs help, in this case Indian Education.’’ 
BUG SCHOOL COULD GET ON NEW LIST  
The Leech Lake Reservation’s Bug School 
has gained some notoriety in the Indian edu-cation community. Jewell visited it last summer and in announcing Obama’s funding request, mentioned it as the type of school that needs to be replaced. Lawmakers did the same in a budget bill Congress passed in December. 
When officials made their list of replace-
ment schools in 2004, they left off the Bug School. The Interior Department has now as-sembled a team of experts from the Depart-ment of Defense’ school system and the Inte-rior Department to write a new list and come up with criteria meant to more accu-rately identify replaceable schools. 
For example, McCollum said, the last list 
considered the condition of all the schools in an individual district, and because Leech 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00116 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.130 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1283 February 26, 2015 
Lake’s elementary schools are in com-
parably acceptable condition, the Bug School was less likely to make the cut. Its inclusion in a budget bill, and the attention Jewell has given it, indicates its inclusion on a new list, which is expected this spring. 
‘‘We are extremely pleased and grateful 
that the President’s budget includes substan-tially more funding for BIE school construc-tion and rehabilitation than in years past and that it begins to recognize the signifi-cant need in Indian Country for a safe learn-ing environment for our students,’’ Jones, the Leech Lake tribal chairwoman, said in a statement to MinnPost. ‘‘We are fighting to give our community a new high school facil-ity because our children deserve the best educational opportunities.’’ 
Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Chairman, the 
choice today is simple. No child should be expected to endure deteriorating school rooms to get an education. I urge my colleagues to adopt the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KLINE. Mr. Chairman, I seek 
time in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment, although I do not oppose it. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. KLINE. Mr. Chairman, I want to 
thank my colleague from the cold north of Minnesota for his very excel-lent amendment. We know in Min-nesota, as we know across the country, that the state of many of these Indian schools are just absolutely deplorable. He described that very well. It is ap-palling that sometimes it has taken us 10 years to identify a problem, and we can’t do anything about it. 
We are compromising the education 
of vulnerable children; we are compro-mising their health and safety, as my friend from Minnesota (Mr. N
OLAN ) 
said; and we are certainly compro-mising their education and their hopes for a better future. That is why we have got to look more closely at this issue. That is why I did write the letter to the Director of the BIE to begin a dialogue. That is why we will hold, in the coming weeks, a hearing to dig into this. 
We are badly organized, shall I say, 
in the government sometimes and in the Congress. So one committee is looking at one thing, and then nobody is looking at another, and nobody is paying attention to something else, and we have let this deplorable situa-tion develop. We have got to do better. 
The gentleman’s amendment will 
help in this regard. I very much appre-ciate that he did it. I am very, very supportive of this amendment because it makes this bill a better bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Minnesota (Mr. N
OLAN ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 29 OFFERED BY MRS . DAVIS OF  
CALIFORNIA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 29 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Chair-
man, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 514, line 9, strike ‘‘of the school’’ and 
insert ‘‘in the school building’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 125, the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. D
AVIS) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from California. 
Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Chair-
man, this bipartisan amendment that I bring forward with my colleagues, Mr. D
OLDof Illinois and Mr. P OLIS of Colo-
rado, would clarify the definition of ‘‘school leader’’ currently contained in section 6101 of H.R. 5. 
Mr. Chairman, the current definition 
of ‘‘school leader’’ contained in this bill is problematic. As currently draft-ed, the definition fails to make clear to State and local school districts that a school leader is an individual who runs the operations and instructional pro-grams within a school, as opposed to a district administrator who oversees in-dividual schools’ programs. 
As a result, States and local school 
districts might interpret this defini-tion to apply to an assistant super-intendent of curriculum or a subject matter content specialist who oversees instructional practices within an LEA but is not in a school building on a daily basis, such as a principal. 
This amendment removes this ambi-
guity by making it clear that the defi-nition of ‘‘school leader’’ should apply as it was originally intended—directly and solely to a school principal. If left unchanged, it is possible that district administrators could become eligible for title II professional development funds currently aimed at improving the quality of our Nation’s school prin-cipals. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
amendment, which ensures that title II funds go to the school leader, the per-son who is most responsible for student achievement. 
With that, Mr. Chairman, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
time in opposition to the amendment, even though I am not opposed to it. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Illinois is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. DOLD. Mr. Chairman, I certainly 
want to thank my good friend from California for her leadership on this, and also my friend from Colorado. 
Really what this is doing, Mr. Chair-
man, is this is talking about a tech-nical correction. As my friend from California pointed out, what we are really looking to try to do is to make sure that the dollars allocated in this bill for continuing education and other things are actually going to a school leader, which is mentioned throughout this bill, but ‘‘school leader’’ is left 
largely undefined. 
We want to make sure that we put a 
little bit more definition for our local school districts so that they have a better understanding that a school leader is actually someone that resides within the school. We think that is ab-solutely critical in terms of continuing education, some of the other programs, to make sure that it is not ambiguous. We want to make sure that we are fo-cusing on the task at hand. 
We hope that this is something, 
again, that has bipartisan support. We hope that we will be able to go through the process fairly quickly. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Chair-
man, I want to thank my colleague from Illinois and reiterate that this is merely a clarifying amendment, but one with real impact as it will return the term ‘‘school leader’’ to its origi-nally intended use. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from California (Mrs. D
AVIS). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 30 OFFERED BY MR . ZELDIN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 30 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 563, after line 15, insert the following: 
‘‘SEC. 6532. STATE CONTROL OVER STANDARDS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Nothing in this Act 
shall be construed to prohibit a State from withdrawing from the Common Core State Standards or any other specific standards. 
‘‘(b) P
ROHIBITION .—No officer or employee 
of the Federal Government shall, directly or indirectly, through grants, contracts or other cooperative agreements, through waiv-er granted under section 6401 or through any other authority, take any action against a State that exercises its rights under sub-section (a).’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 125, the gentleman from New York (Mr. Z
ELDIN ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from New York. 
Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
this evening in support of my amend-ment that sends a very clear message to States that if they choose to with-draw from Common Core, there will be no penalty whatsoever from the Fed-eral Government. 
As a New York State Senator, I in-
troduced legislation with New York State Assemblymen Al Graf and Ed Ra that would stop Common Core in New York. 
In New York, we have these Common 
Core standards set nationally, tests created by the State, curriculum set by the local school districts, and no one is talking to each other; teachers not only teaching to the test, but they are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00117 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.069 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1284 February 26, 2015 
teaching to the wrong test because 
they are not given the tools they need to know what the test is even going to look like. 
And for any government Kool Aid- 
drinking bureaucrat who is listening to this and disagreeing with what I have to say, you are not listening to those parents and educators and students who are pleading with passion exactly what I am saying, begging for a posi-tive change that will improve the qual-ity of education in America’s class-rooms. 
The most common argument I re-
ceived in opposition to my bill was that if New York State withdrew from Common Core, that somehow the Fed-eral Government was going to punish New York State with hundreds of mil-lions of dollars lost—some even said billions of dollars. This amendment is the most important action that this Congress can take to diffuse those claims and allow States to withdraw without punishment. 
As for my strong personal opinion, I 
believe in higher standards, but I don’t believe that Common Core is the an-swer. This goes way beyond the com-plaints of killing morale in the teach-ing profession. Much more impor-tantly, this is about killing the morale for that student who is intelligent, pays attention in class, goes home and does their homework. They are going to grow up to be a doctor or a lawyer or a successful businessman. They are being told that they are not proficient in reading—not because they are not proficient in reading, but because the rollout of Common Core has been a dis-aster. 
We have 10-year-old special education 
students taking fifth grade tests even if they are reading at a first grade reading level. Or you can go on the EngageNY Web site and read about how first graders, the domain for English language arts, early world civiliza-tions, they are learning about ancient world Mesopotamia and the strategic advantage of the Tigris and Euphrates Rivers with regard to the development of the city of Babylon—6-year-olds, first graders. 
As a father of twin third grade girls, 
I believe in higher standards. I believe in challenging our students to excel and to aim as high as possible. But when it comes to all of America’s chil-dren, there just shouldn’t be a one-size- fits-all approach. 
While some States embrace Common 
Core, not all States’ needs are the same. My amendment would allow States currently using Common Core to opt out without punishment. Par-ents need to be in charge of their chil-dren’s education, not unelected, face-less bureaucrats making unilateral de-cisions for the entire Nation. 
A one-size-fits-all solution to edu-
cation reform intensifies the problem, and it doesn’t address our underlying issues. We want to provide the best possible opportunities for our children, and the people best positioned to make those decisions are our parents and our 
local educators. 
I ask my colleagues to support my 
amendment, hear the concerns of our parents and educators, and heed the call to rescue our schoolchildren. It is like when they fall into the deep end of a pool, they don’t have a lifejacket, they don’t yet know how to swim. That is what it feels like for many of them. 
This is a vote for residents in your 
district who aren’t even old enough to vote. Fight for them and pass this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, I rise in opposition to the amend-ment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is 
recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, this amendment is not necessary because there is no prohibition against people withdrawing from Common Core. 
I think we need to say a few things 
about Common Core. 
It is not a national or a Federal ini-
tiative. It is State led. States develop the Common Core standards through the Council of Chief State School Offi-cers and the National Governors Asso-ciation. The U.S. Department of Edu-cation did not participate in that. The administration does not coerce States into adopting Common Core. In fact, States have received waivers under NCLB and have not adopted Common Core, like my home State of Virginia. 
In Virginia, our State system of 
higher education certified that when a child is proficient under our standards of learning, they could enter public universities without the needed reme-diation. Those standards were okay, not the Common Core. 
Frankly, we need those kinds of 
standards, college and career-ready, be-cause you want people, when they graduate from high school, to be able to go to college without remediation. That is not a high bar, and we want to make sure that whatever happens to this amendment, we are not exempting States from meaningful standards. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
b2115 
Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Chairman, I will 
continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS). 
Mr. POLIS. I thank the gentleman 
from Virginia. 
Mr. Chairman, there is an enormous 
amount of misperception about what the Common Core standards are. Frankly, those of us who serve in this body are elected leaders. I urge my col-leagues to take the time to educate themselves about this collaborative ef-fort between a number of States that have developed college- and career- ready standards before they decry it based on misperceptions that, unfortu-nately, exist among the American pub-lic. A number of States chose to work 
collaboratively on college- and career- ready standards. What we at the Fed-eral level want to see is that States have college- and career-ready stand-ards. We want to make sure that a di-ploma is meaningful. If a Federal in-vestment is made, we want to make sure that States don’t define success downward, disguising achievement gaps and making it look like every child achieves expectations by low-ering expectations. 
How they do that is entirely up to 
them. Let me repeat myself. How they do that is entirely up to them. Many States choose to work together. Some States choose to create their own standards. A project of the National Governors Association had Governors and State education commissioners working together to develop college- and career-ready standards. Other States have chosen to develop their own college- and career-ready stand-ards. 
That really is an appropriate discus-
sion to have at the State level, but not in the halls of Washington. You won’t hear people pushing Common Core standards here in Washington because I don’t think any of us feel it is an ap-propriate discussion. But for some rea-son people have a particular agenda against what some of their own States are doing here in Washington. Well, I suggest they don’t run for Congress. I suggest they run for Governor if that is their beef. This is simply the wrong place to have a discussion about cur-riculum and standards. 
Mr. Chairman, the Federal Govern-
ment does not set standards; the Fed-eral Government does not set cur-riculum. It is also important to note that curriculum standards are dif-ferent. Curriculum is developed from the standards, and depending on what standards the States have adopted, the curriculum is an entirely different matter. 
So, again, I hope that we can use this 
opportunity as a learning moment so my colleagues can engage in a more meaningful debate about what stand-ards are and who sets them. 
Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Chairman, I think 
this would be a very good learning mo-ment because States were receiving hundreds of millions, into the billions of dollars, from the Federal Govern-ment. They had to sign up for Common Core in order to get the money. 
Mr. POLIS. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. ZELDIN. No. Let me—— Mr. POLIS. You do not need to sign 
up for Common Core to receive the funding. 
Mr. KLINE. Regular order, Mr. Chair-
man. 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. D
OLD). The 
gentleman from New York controls the time. 
Mr. ZELDIN. There were applications 
that were sent from New York State, 
for example, to the Federal Govern-ment signed by the New York State congressional delegation asking for a waiver from the Federal Government, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:33 Feb 12, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00118 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\FEB 15\H26FE5.REC H26FE5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1285 February 26, 2015 
asking for money from the Federal 
Government to New York State that went to over 700 school districts to sign up for Common Core and all sorts of other things that came from the Fed-eral Government. So I appreciate this as a learning moment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time to Mr. S
COTT. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, how much time do I have remain-ing? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Virginia has 1
1⁄2minutes remain-
ing. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, I just want to reiterate that the Commonwealth of Virginia had re-ceived a waiver without accepting, without being involved in Common Core. We need to make sure that we have meaningful, high standards so that when someone graduates from high school, they are college- or ca-reer-ready without remediation. What-ever happens to this amendment, we want to make sure that States are not trying to exempt themselves out of reasonable standards. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. Z
ELDIN ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 31 OFFERED BY MR . HURD OF  
TEXAS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 31 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 574, after line 17, insert the following: 
‘‘SEC. 6552. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON PRO-
TECTING STUDENT PRIVACY. 
‘‘(a) F INDINGS .—The Congress finds as fol-
lows: 
‘‘(1) Students’ personally identifiable infor-
mation is important to protect. 
‘‘(2) Students’ information should not be 
shared with individuals other than school of-ficials in charge of educating those students without clear notice to parents. 
‘‘(3) With the use of more technology, and 
more research about student learning, the responsibility to protect students’ personally identifiable information is more important than ever. 
‘‘(4) Regulations allowing more access to 
students’ personal information could allow that information to be shared or sold by in-dividuals who do not have the best interest of the students in mind. 
‘‘(5) The Secretary has the responsibility 
to ensure every entity that receives funding under this Act holds any personally identifi-able information in strict confidence. ‘‘(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
the Congress that the Secretary should re-view all regulations addressing issues of stu-dent privacy, including those under this Act, and ensure that students’ personally identifi-able information is protected. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 125, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
URD) and a Member 
opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Chairman, 
our children are our most precious re-source, so protecting their personally identifiable information is incredibly important. As a former undercover offi-cer in the CIA, I have seen the damage that can be done when personal data falls into the wrong hands. Bad actors can not only use this information for their own gain, they can also use it to target America’s children. It is up to us to protect our children and ensure their information is secure. Students’ personal information should never be shared with anyone who is not author-ized to view it or use it, period. 
I support the final passage of H.R. 5 
and hope this amendment will spur Congress to help protect the personally identifiable information of our Na-tion’s students. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, I claim the time in opposition, al-though I am not opposed. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, the gentleman from Texas has raised some good points about data pri-vacy with this amendment. The Sub-committee on Elementary and Sec-ondary Education held a hearing on data privacy in the digital age earlier this month, and I think we are going to be looking at ways that we can im-prove FERPA for the 21st century dur-ing this Congress. 
Mr. Chairman, that bill was written 
40 years ago when data in the class-room was all in a teacher’s grade book and technology was not employed any-where close to where it is today. Par-ents need to be able to trust that their children’s personal information is se-cure and will not be used for marketing or noneducational purposes. Teachers need to be given resources to under-stand how they can best protect the students’ data. As policymakers, we need to safeguard student privacy while supporting technological innova-tion happening in American schools. 
We must help researchers and edu-
cators diagnose and address achieve-ment gaps and enable all students to achieve their greatest potential. So I support the gentleman’s amendment, and yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. H
URD). The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. HURD of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
demand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas will be post-poned. 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Chairman, I move 
that the Committee do now rise. 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. S
TIVERS ) having assumed the chair, Mr. 
DOLD, Acting Chair of the Committee 
of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 5) to support State and local ac-countability for public education, pro-tect State and local authority, inform parents of the performance of their children’s schools, and for other pur-poses, had come to no resolution there-on. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-
VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.J. RES. 35, FURTHER CON-TINUING APPROPRIATIONS RESO-LUTION, 2015 
Mr. SESSIONS, from the Committee 
on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–31) on the resolution (H. Res. 129) providing for consideration of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 35) mak-ing further continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2015, and for other pur-poses, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
STUDENT SUCCESS ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 125 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 5. 
Will the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. 
D
OLD) kindly resume the chair. 
b2124 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 5) to support State and local account-ability for public education, protect State and local authority, inform par-ents of the performance of their chil-dren’s schools, and for other purposes, with Mr. D
OLD (Acting Chair) in the 
chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-
mittee of the Whole rose earlier today, a request for a recorded vote on amend-ment No. 31, printed in part B of House Report 114–29, offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
URD) had been post-
poned. 
AMENDMENT NO . 32 OFFERED BY MR . GRAYSON  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 32 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00119 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.137 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1286 February 26, 2015 
Mr. GRAYSON. I have an amendment 
at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 574, after line 17, insert the following: 
‘‘SEC. 6552. STUDY ON SCHOOL START TIMES. 
‘‘The Secretary shall conduct an assess-
ment of the impact of school start times on student health, well-being, and perform-ance.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 125, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. G
RAYSON ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Florida. 
Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Chairman, my 
amendment would require the Sec-retary of Education to conduct an as-sessment of the impact of school start times on student health, well-being, and performance. It is supported by the National Education Association, the American Academy of Pediatrics, and the National Sleep Federation. 
In my district, some schools begin 
the day at 7 a.m., and others begin at 9:15. I am sure we see similar dispari-ties all around the country. As the fa-ther of five school-age children, I be-lieve that 7 a.m. is probably too early to get the best out of the developing minds and bodies of our young people. 
That being said, I want to make it 
clear that this amendment does not mandate any change to school start times in the least. It simply seeks a na-tional study on this topic. Maybe that study will prove me right, maybe it won’t. Either way, localities will re-main free to continue to choose the start times for their schools that make the most sense for them, hopefully being better informed by this study. My amendment, should it be accepted, will make those decisions possible with more information than is currently available. 
According to research already avail-
able by the director of the Center for Applied Research and Educational Im-provement at the University of Min-nesota, later school start times in Min-neapolis and Edina, Minnesota, have led to increased attendance rates, im-proved graduation rates, increased GPAs—in fact, in 11th grade, the mean grade went from a B to almost an A- minus—and significantly less depres-sion among our students. 
A Centers for Disease Control and 
Prevention study found that insuffi-cient sleep for young people leads to an increase in risky behavior, including increased tobacco use, increased alco-hol consumption, and increased sexual activity. 
A recent study at the U.S. Air Force 
Academy even found ‘‘significant nega-tive effects’’—that is a direct quote— ‘‘significant negative effects’’ every single year for those students who en-rolled in the Air Force’s early morning courses. A study on the Wake County, North Carolina, school district start times showed that students with a 1- 
hour later start time gained on State assessment reading and math scores significantly and substantially. 
An analysis of SAT scores in 
Hingham, Massachusetts, showed that delayed school starts, a school start a little bit later in the morning, resulted in a 31 point increase in SAT scores for those students with no other change in their schedule or in their standards. 
With all these disparate localized re-
search results, isn’t it time for a na-tional study to see if these trends might be replicable across the country and could give our students a better education? 
I hope that the information gained 
from such a study—such as one that I am proposing—would be useful to stu-dents. I hope it will be useful to par-ents, and I hope it will be useful to State and local governments and school authorities as they consider and determine their appropriate start times. 
According to the Congressional Budg-
et Office, this amendment would have absolutely no impact on direct Federal spending. Again, I want to reiterate that this amendment is not a mandate in any sense whatsoever. It only re-quires a deeper look at the effects school start times have on the health, well-being, and performance of stu-dents across America. 
Mr. Chairman, we should be eager to 
research anything that could possibly benefit our Nation’s K–12 students, our own children. Toward that end, I urge support for this amendment, and I re-serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
the time in opposition to the gentle-man’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Chairman, I appre-
ciate the gentleman’s interest and pas-sion in looking at this issue. 
b2130 
I oppose the amendment because it is 
yet another example of expanding the Federal role in education into areas that are best left to States or local school districts. 
There are debates about start times 
for schools. There are studies that are out there. The gentleman mentioned some of those. There are a lot of opin-ions on the topic, but I don’t believe that the Federal Government con-ducting yet another study—a national study—will be helpful. 
Each State and local school district 
needs to figure out what works best for their students as they contemplate de-cisions about running their schools, whether it is start times or end times or anything in between. It is not the role of the Federal Government. 
I oppose this amendment and ask my 
colleagues to oppose the amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself the balance of my time. In response to what we just heard, I 
point out that the Congressional Budg-et Office says this has no direct impact on spending. The reason for that is that the Department of Education already conducts research. It has a major staff of research on whom we spent millions of dollars of Federal money, regardless of whether they are performing this study or not. 
We are not in any sense expanding 
the Federal role in education. We are simply getting the information from people who would be doing other stud-ies, rather than this study, if this amendment doesn’t pass. 
We would be providing valuable in-
formation to people all across the country, the people in our States, in our localities, in our school districts, who actually do make that determina-tion regarding start time. Therefore, with all due respect, I think that the gentleman’s criticism is not well taken, and I remain passionate in sup-port of this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KLINE. Mr. Chairman, I will just 
take a few seconds here. 
I do appreciate the gentleman’s pas-
sion. As the gentleman pointed out, the Department of Education, the govern-ment already has the ability to con-duct such research. Much research has already been done. I think the State and local governments will make deci-sions that is best suited for their dis-tricts. 
I oppose the gentleman’s amendment, 
and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. G
RAYSON ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 33 OFFERED BY MS . WILSON OF  
FLORIDA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 33 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
In title VI of the Elementary and Sec-
ondary Education Act of 1965, as proposed to be amended by section 601(a) of the bill— 
(1) redesignate part F as part G (and redes-
ignate provisions accordingly); and 
(2) insert after part E the following: 
‘‘PART F—SCHOOL DROPOUT 
PREVENTION 
‘‘SEC. 6571. SHORT TITLE. 
‘‘This part may be cited as the ‘Dropout 
Prevention Act’. 
‘‘SEC. 6572. PURPOSE. 
‘‘The purpose of this part is to provide for 
school dropout prevention and reentry and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00120 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.140 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1287 February 26, 2015 
to raise academic achievement levels by pro-
viding grants that— 
‘‘(1) challenge all children to attain their 
highest academic potential; and 
‘‘(2) ensure that all students have substan-
tial and ongoing opportunities to attain their highest academic potential through schoolwide programs proven effective in school dropout prevention and reentry. 
‘‘SEC. 6573. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
‘‘For the purpose of carrying out this part, 
there are authorized to be appropriated $125,000,000 for fiscal year 2016 and such sums as may be necessary for each of the 5 suc-ceeding fiscal years, of which— 
‘‘(1) 10 percent shall be available to carry 
out subpart 1 for each fiscal year; and 
‘‘(2) 90 percent shall be available to carry 
out subpart 2 for each fiscal year. 
‘‘Subpart 1—Coordinated National Strategy 
‘‘SEC. 6581. NATIONAL ACTIVITIES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary is author-
ized— 
‘‘(1) to collect systematic data on the ef-
fectiveness of the programs assisted under this part in reducing school dropout rates and increasing school reentry and secondary school graduation rates; 
‘‘(2) to establish a national clearinghouse 
of information on effective school dropout prevention and reentry programs that shall disseminate to State educational agencies, local educational agencies, and schools— 
‘‘(A) the results of research on school drop-
out prevention and reentry; and 
‘‘(B) information on effective programs, 
best practices, and Federal resources to— 
‘‘(i) reduce annual school dropout rates; ‘‘(ii) increase school reentry; and ‘‘(iii) increase secondary school graduation 
rates; 
‘‘(3) to provide technical assistance to 
State educational agencies, local edu-cational agencies, and schools in designing and implementing programs and securing re-sources to implement effective school drop-out prevention and reentry programs; 
‘‘(4) to establish and consult with an inter-
agency working group that shall— 
‘‘(A) address inter- and intra-agency pro-
gram coordination issues at the Federal level with respect to school dropout preven-tion and reentry, and assess the targeting of existing Federal services to students who are most at risk of dropping out of school, and the cost-effectiveness of various programs and approaches used to address school drop-out prevention and reentry; 
‘‘(B) describe the ways in which State edu-
cational agencies and local educational agencies can implement effective school dropout prevention and reentry programs using funds from a variety of Federal pro-grams, including the programs under this part; and 
‘‘(C) examine Federal programs that may 
have a positive impact on secondary school graduation or school reentry; 
‘‘(5) to carry out a national recognition 
program in accordance with subsection (b) that recognizes schools that have made ex-traordinary progress in lowering school drop-out rates; and 
‘‘(6) to use funds made available for this 
subpart to carry out the evaluation required under section 1830(c). 
‘‘(b) R
ECOGNITION PROGRAM .— 
‘‘(1) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary 
shall— 
‘‘(A) establish a national recognition pro-
gram; and 
‘‘(B) develop uniform national guidelines 
for the recognition program that shall be used to recognize eligible schools from nomi-nations submitted by State educational agencies. ‘‘(2) R
ECOGNITION .—The Secretary shall 
recognize, under the recognition program es-tablished under paragraph (1), eligible schools. 
‘‘(3) S
UPPORT .—The Secretary may make 
monetary awards to an eligible school recog-nized under this subsection in amounts de-termined appropriate by the Secretary that shall be used for dissemination activities within the eligible school district or nation-ally. 
‘‘(4) D
EFINITION OF ELIGIBLE SCHOOL .—In 
this subsection, the term ‘eligible school’ means a public middle school or secondary school, including a charter school, that has implemented comprehensive reforms that have been effective in lowering school drop-out rates— 
‘‘(A) for all students in that secondary 
school or charter school; 
‘‘(B) For students in one or more of the 
subgroups described in section 1111(b)(2)(B)(xii); or 
‘‘(C) in the case of a middle school, for all 
students or for students in one or more of the subgroups described in section 1111(b)(2)(B)(xii) with a higher than average dropout rate in the secondary school that the middle school feeds students into. 
‘‘(c) C
APACITY BUILDING .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary, through a 
contract with one or more non-Federal enti-ties, may conduct a capacity building and design initiative in order to increase the types of proven strategies for school dropout prevention and reentry that address the needs of an entire school population rather than a subset of students. 
‘‘(2) N
UMBER AND DURATION .— 
‘‘(A) N UMBER .—The Secretary may award 
not more than five contracts under this sub-section. 
‘‘(B) D
URATION .—The Secretary may award 
a contract under this subsection for a period of not more than 5 years. 
‘‘(d) S
UPPORT FOR EXISTING REFORM NET-
WORKS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may pro-
vide appropriate support to eligible entities to enable the eligible entities to provide training, materials, development, and staff assistance to schools assisted under this part. 
‘‘(2) D
EFINITION OF ELIGIBLE ENTITY .—In 
this subsection, the term ‘eligible entity’ means an entity that, prior to the date of en-actment of the Dropout Prevention Act— 
‘‘(A) provided training, technical assist-
ance, and materials related to school drop-out prevention or reentry to 100 or more ele-mentary schools or secondary schools; and 
‘‘(B) developed and published a specific 
educational program or design related to school dropout prevention or reentry for use by the schools. 
‘‘Subpart 2—School Dropout Prevention 
Initiative 
‘‘SEC. 6591. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this subpart: ‘‘(1) L
OW-INCOME STUDENT .—The term ‘low- 
income student’ means a student who is de-termined by a local educational agency to be from a low-income family using the meas-ures described in section 1113(c). 
‘‘(2) S
TATE .—The term ‘State’ means each 
of the several States of the United States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth 
of Puerto Rico, the United States Virgin Is-lands, Guam, American Samoa, the Com-monwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, and the Bureau of Indian Affairs for purposes of serving schools funded by the Bureau. 
‘‘SEC. 6592. PROGRAM AUTHORIZED. 
‘‘(a) G RANTS TO STATE EDUCATIONAL AGEN-
CIES AND LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES .— 
‘‘(1) A MOUNT LESS THAN $75 ,000,000.— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—If the amount appro-
priated under section 6573 for a fiscal year equals or is less than $75,000,000, then the 
Secretary shall use such amount to award grants, on a competitive basis, to— 
‘‘(i) State educational agencies to support 
activities— 
‘‘(I) in schools that— ‘‘(aa) serve students in grades 6 through 12; 
and 
‘‘(bb) have annual school dropout rates 
that are above the State average annual school dropout rate; or 
‘‘(II) in the middle schools that feed stu-
dents into the schools described in subclause (I); or 
‘‘(ii) local educational agencies that oper-
ate— 
‘‘(I) schools that— ‘‘(aa) serve students in grades 6 through 12; 
and 
‘‘(bb) have annual school dropout rates 
that are above the State average annual school dropout rate; or 
‘‘(II) middle schools that feed students into 
the schools described in subclause (I). 
‘‘(B) U
SE OF GRANT FUNDS .—Grant funds 
awarded under this paragraph shall be used to fund effective, sustainable, and coordi-nated school dropout prevention and reentry programs that may include the activities de-scribed in subsection (b)(2), in— 
‘‘(i) schools serving students in grades 6 
through 12 that have annual school dropout rates that are above the State average an-nual school dropout rate; or 
‘‘(ii) the middle schools that feed students 
into the schools described in clause (i). 
‘‘(2) A
MOUNT LESS THAN $250 ,000,000 BUT MORE  
THAN $75 ,000,000.—If the amount appropriated 
under section 6573 for a fiscal year is less than $250,000,000 but more than $75,000,000, then the Secretary shall use such amount to award grants, on a competitive basis, to State educational agencies to enable the State educational agencies to award sub-grants under subsection (b). 
‘‘(3) A
MOUNT EQUAL TO OR EXCEEDS  
$250,000,000.—If the amount appropriated under 
section 6573 for a fiscal year equals or ex-ceeds $250,000,000, then the Secretary shall use such amount to award a grant to each State educational agency in an amount that bears the same relation to such appropriated amount as the amount the State educational agency received under part A for the pre-ceding fiscal year bears to the amount re-ceived by all State educational agencies under such part for the preceding fiscal year, to enable the State educational agency to award subgrants under subsection (b). 
‘‘(b) S
UBGRANTS TO LOCAL EDUCATIONAL  
AGENCIES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—From amounts made 
available to a State educational agency under paragraph (2) or (3) of subsection (a), the State educational agency shall award subgrants, on a competitive basis, to local educational agencies that operate public schools that serve students in grades 6 through 12 and that have annual school drop-out rates that are above the State average annual school dropout rate, to enable those schools, or the middle schools that feed stu-dents into those schools, to implement effec-tive, sustainable, and coordinated school dropout prevention and reentry programs that involve activities such as— 
‘‘(A) professional development; ‘‘(B) obtaining curricular materials; ‘‘(C) release time for professional staff to 
obtain professional development; 
‘‘(D) planning and research, including the 
development of early warning indicator sys-tems in middle schools designed to identify students who are at risk of dropping out of high school and to guide preventative and re-cuperative school improvement strategies, including— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00121 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.068 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1288 February 26, 2015 
‘‘(i) identifying and analyzing the aca-
demic risk factors that most reliable predict dropouts by using longitudinal data of past cohorts of students; 
‘‘(ii) identifying specific indicators of stu-
dent progress and performance, such as at-tendance, academic performance in core courses, and credit accumulation, to guide decision making; 
‘‘(iii) identifying or developing a mecha-
nism for regularly collecting and analyzing data about the impact of interventions on the indicators of student progress and per-formance; and 
‘‘(iv) analyzing academic indicators to de-
termine whether students are on track to graduate secondary school in the standard number of years; 
‘‘(E) remedial education; ‘‘(F) reduction in pupil-to-teacher ratios; ‘‘(G) efforts to meet State student aca-
demic achievement standards; 
‘‘(H) counseling and mentoring for at-risk 
students, including the creation of individ-ualized student success plans; 
‘‘(I) implementing comprehensive school 
reform models, such as creating smaller learning communities; and 
‘‘(J) school reentry activities. ‘‘(2) A
MOUNT .—Subject to paragraph (3), a 
subgrant under this subpart shall be award-ed— 
‘‘(A) in the first year that a local edu-
cational agency receives a subgrant payment under this subpart, in an amount that is based on factors such as— 
‘‘(i) the size of schools operated by the 
local educational agency; 
‘‘(ii) costs of the model or set of prevention 
and reentry strategies being implemented; and 
‘‘(iii) local cost factors such as poverty 
rates; 
‘‘(B) in the second year, in an amount that 
is not less than 75 percent of the amount the local educational agency received under this subpart in the first such year; 
‘‘(C) in the third year, in an amount that is 
not less than 50 percent of the amount the local educational agency received under this subpart in the first such year; and 
‘‘(D) in each succeeding year, in an amount 
that is not less than 30 percent of the amount the local educational agency re-ceived under this subpart in the first year. 
‘‘(3) D
URATION .—A subgrant under this sub-
part shall be awarded for a period of 3 years, and may be continued for a period of 2 addi-tional years if the State educational agency determines, based on the annual reports de-scribed in section 1830(a), that significant progress has been made in lowering the an-nual school dropout rate for secondary schools participating in the program assisted under this subpart. 
‘‘SEC. 6593. APPLICATIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—To receive— 
‘‘(1) a grant under this subpart, a State 
educational agency or local educational agency shall submit an application and plan to the Secretary at such time, in such man-ner, and accompanied by such information as the Secretary may reasonably require; and 
‘‘(2) a subgrant under this subpart, a local 
educational agency shall submit an applica-tion and plan to the State educational agen-cy at such time, in such manner, and accom-panied by such information as the State edu-cational agency may reasonably require. 
‘‘(b) C
ONTENTS .— 
‘‘(1) S TATE EDUCATIONAL AGENCY AND LOCAL  
EDUCATIONAL AGENCY .—Each application and 
plan submitted under subsection (a) shall— 
‘‘(A) include an outline— ‘‘(i) of the State educational agency’s or 
local educational agency’s strategy for re-ducing the State educational agency or local educational agency’s annual school dropout 
rate; 
‘‘(ii) for targeting secondary schools, and 
the middle schools that feed students into those secondary schools, that have the high-est annual school dropout rates; and 
‘‘(iii) for assessing the effectiveness of the 
efforts described in the plan; 
‘‘(B) contain an identification of the 
schools in the State or operated by the local educational agency that have annual school dropout rates that are greater than the aver-age annual school dropout rate for the State; 
‘‘(C) describe the instructional strategies 
to be implemented, how the strategies will serve all students, and the effectiveness of the strategies; 
‘‘(D) describe a budget and timeline for im-
plementing the strategies; 
‘‘(E) contain evidence of coordination with 
existing resources; 
‘‘(F) provide an assurance that funds pro-
vided under this subpart will supplement, and not supplant, other State and local funds available for school dropout prevention and reentry programs; and 
‘‘(G) describe how the activities to be as-
sisted conform with research knowledge and evidence-based school dropout prevention and reentry programs. 
‘‘(2) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY .—Each ap-
plication and plan submitted under sub-section (a) by a local educational agency shall contain, in addition to the require-ments of paragraph (1)— 
‘‘(A) an assurance that the local edu-
cational agency is committed to providing ongoing operational support for such schools to address the problem of school dropouts for a period of 5 years; and 
‘‘(B) an assurance that the local edu-
cational agency will support the plan, in-cluding— 
‘‘(i) provision of release time for teacher 
training; 
‘‘(ii) efforts to coordinate activities for 
secondary schools and the middle schools that feed students into those secondary schools; and 
‘‘(iii) encouraging other schools served by 
the local educational agency to participate in the plan. 
‘‘SEC. 6594. STATE RESERVATION. 
‘‘A State educational agency that receives 
a grant under paragraph (2) or (3) of section 1822(a) may reserve not more than 5 percent of the grant funds for administrative costs and State activities related to school drop-out prevention and reentry activities, of which not more than 2 percent of the grant funds may be used for administrative costs. 
‘‘SEC. 6595. STRATEGIES AND CAPACITY BUILD-
ING. 
‘‘Each local educational agency receiving a 
grant or subgrant under this subpart and each State educational agency receiving a grant under this subpart shall implement scientifically based, sustainable, and widely replicated strategies for school dropout pre-vention and reentry. The strategies may in-clude— 
‘‘(1) specific strategies for targeted pur-
poses, such as— 
‘‘(A) effective early intervention programs 
designed to identify at-risk students; 
‘‘(B) effective programs serving at-risk stu-
dents, including racial and ethnic minorities and pregnant and parenting teenagers, de-signed to prevent such students from drop-ping out of school; and 
‘‘(C) effective programs to identify and en-
courage youth who have already dropped out of school to reenter school and complete their secondary education; and 
‘‘(2) approaches such as breaking larger 
schools down into smaller learning commu-nities and other comprehensive reform ap-proaches, creating alternative school pro-
grams, and developing clear linkages to ca-reer skills and employment. 
‘‘SEC. 6596. SELECTION OF LOCAL EDUCATIONAL 
AGENCIES FOR SUBGRANTS. 
‘‘(a) S TATE EDUCATIONAL AGENCY REVIEW  
AND AWARD .—The State educational agency 
shall review applications submitted under section 1823(a)(2) and award subgrants to local educational agencies with the assist-
ance and advice of a panel of experts on school dropout prevention and reentry. 
‘‘(b) E
LIGIBILITY .—A local educational 
agency is eligible to receive a subgrant under this subpart if the local educational agency operates a public school (including a public alternative school)— 
‘‘(1) that is eligible to receive assistance 
under part A; and 
‘‘(2)(A) that serves students 50 percent or 
more of whom are low-income students; or 
‘‘(B) in which a majority of the students 
come from feeder schools that serve students 50 percent or more of whom are low-income students. 
‘‘SEC. 6597. COMMUNITY BASED ORGANIZATIONS. 
‘‘A local educational agency that receives 
a grant or subgrant under this subpart and a State educational agency that receives a grant under this subpart may use the funds to secure necessary services from a commu-nity-based organization or other government agency if the funds are used to provide school dropout prevention and reentry ac-tivities related to schoolwide efforts. 
‘‘SEC. 6598. TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE. 
‘‘Notwithstanding any other provision of 
law, each local educational agency that re-ceives funds under this subpart shall use the funds to provide technical assistance to sec-ondary schools served by the agency that have not made progress toward lowering an-nual school dropout rates after receiving as-sistance under this subpart for 2 fiscal years. 
‘‘SEC. 6599. SCHOOL DROPOUT RATE CALCULA-
TION. 
‘‘For purposes of calculating an annual 
school dropout rate under this subpart, a school shall use the annual event school dropout rate for students leaving a school in a single year determined in accordance with the National Center for Education Statistics’ Common Core of Data. 
‘‘SEC. 6600. REPORTING AND ACCOUNTABILITY. 
‘‘(a) L OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY RE-
PORTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—To receive funds under 
this subpart for a fiscal year after the first fiscal year that a local educational agency receives funds under this subpart, the local educational agency shall provide, on an an-nual basis, a report regarding the status of the implementation of activities funded under this subpart, and the dropout data for students at schools assisted under this sub-part, disaggregated by each subgroup de-scribed in section 1111(b)(2)(B)(xii), to the— 
‘‘(A) Secretary, if the local educational 
agency receives a grant under section 1822(a)(1); or 
‘‘(B) State educational agency, if the local 
educational agency receives a subgrant under paragraph (2) or (3) of section 1822(a). 
‘‘(2) D
ROPOUT DATA .—The dropout data 
under paragraph (1) shall include annual school dropout rates for each fiscal year, starting with the 2 fiscal years before the local educational agency received funds under this subpart. 
‘‘(b) S
TATE REPORT ON PROGRAM ACTIVI -
TIES.—Each State educational agency receiv-
ing funds under this subpart shall provide to the Secretary, at such time and in such for-mat as the Secretary may require, informa-tion on the status of the implementation of activities funded under this subpart and out-come data for students in schools assisted under this subpart. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00122 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.068 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1289 February 26, 2015 
‘‘(c) A CCOUNTABILITY .—The Secretary shall 
evaluate the effect of the activities assisted under this subpart on school dropout preven-tion compared, if feasible, to a control group using control procedures. The Secretary may use funds appropriated for subpart 1 to carry out this evaluation. 
‘‘SEC. 6601. PROHIBITED USES OF FUNDS. 
‘‘No funds under this part may be used 
for— 
‘‘(1) the development, establishment, im-
plementation, or enforcement of zero-toler-ance school discipline policies unless other-wise required by Federal law; or 
‘‘(2) law enforcement agencies or local po-
lice departments serving a school or local educational agency— 
‘‘(A) with substantial documented excesses 
or racial disparities in the use of exclu-sionary discipline; 
‘‘(B) operating under an open school deseg-
regation order, whether court-ordered or vol-untary; 
‘‘(C) operating under a pattern or practice 
or practice consent decree for civil rights violations; or 
‘‘(D) already receiving substantial Federal 
funds for the placement of law enforcement in schools.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 125, the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. W
ILSON ) and a Mem-
ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Florida. 
Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, my amendment to H.R. 5 is sim-ple. It will provide students with the necessary resources to remain in school and graduate. 
I have witnessed young people who 
are mentored through quality in-school mentoring programs make positive choices, discover personal strength, and achieve their potential both inside and outside of the classroom. 
According to the National Mentoring 
Partnership, youth who have a mean-ingful relationship with an adult are five times more likely to graduate. Studies also show that these youth are 46 percent less likely than their peers to start using illegal drugs, 27 percent less likely to start drinking, 52 percent less likely to skip a day of school, and 37 percent less likely to skip a class. 
Young people who were at risk for 
not completing high school but who had a mentor were 55 percent more likely to be enrolled in college, 81 per-cent more likely to report partici-pating regularly in sports or extra-curricular activities, more than twice as likely to say they held a leadership position in a club or sports team, and 78 percent more likely to volunteer regularly in their communities. 
Simply put, mentoring is a proven 
cost-effective investment. In fact, for every $1 invested in mentoring, there is a $3 return to society. 
That is why it is important that we 
encourage States to establish and sup-port effective dropout prevention and reentry programs that will provide nec-essary assistance to ensure that all of our children graduate. 
My amendment will provide for 
school dropout prevention and reentry by establishing a mechanism to collect systemic data on dropout reentry and 
graduation rates, while establishing a national clearing house to collect in-formation on effective dropout preven-tion and reentry programs. 
My amendment will also provide 
technical assistance to State and local educational agencies, carry out na-tional recognition programs for State and local educational agencies that raise academic achievement levels, and provide grants to local schools and agencies with dropout rates above the State’s average to implement effective and sustainable dropout prevention and reentry programs. 
That is why I support wholeheartedly 
the amendment to H.R. 5. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KLINE. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
the time in opposition to the gentle-woman’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Chairman, I want to 
start by thanking the gentlewoman for the amendment, although I do oppose it, and commending her for the out-standing work that she has personally done in this area of mentoring and helping kids get through school and off to a life with hope, rather than a life of crime and gangs. She has done remark-able work. 
As the gentlewoman knows, there are 
currently more than 80 elementary and secondary education programs in cur-rent law. This bill, the underlying bill, eliminates 65 of these programs, as we tried to allow schools more flexibility to do what they feel is most important with the money that they are getting. 
The gentlewoman’s amendment calls 
for another $125 million of spending in the first year and such sums there-after. I am afraid this is yet another Federal program that will be chron-ically underfunded and competing for funding that the schools so desperately need. 
While I admire her passion and her 
personal hard work in this field, I con-tinue to oppose this amendment and ask my colleagues to oppose this amendment and support the underlying bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Florida (Ms. W
ILSON ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, I demand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Florida will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 34 OFFERED BY MR . CASTRO OF  
TEXAS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 34 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Chairman, 
I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 596, after line 15, insert the following: 
‘‘(K) A description of how such youths will 
receive assistance from counselors to advise, prepare, and improve the readiness of such youths for college. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 125, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ASTRO ) and a Member 
opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Chairman, 
my amendment would require States to provide a blueprint for college and ca-reer counseling opportunities for home-less youth. 
This is a bipartisan amendment. In 
fact, I want to thank very much Mr. S
TIVERS of Ohio and his staff who were 
very helpful in drafting this amend-ment. 
We know that there are an estimated 
1.6 million homeless youth and run-aways in this country, and we also know that they are especially vulner-able to falling through the cracks of our educational system. This would simply ask States to show how they are going to help these youth with ca-reer and college readiness. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the 
gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS), 
my colleague. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I want to 
thank Mr. C ASTRO for his leadership on 
this important issue. 
Before I came to Congress, I co-
founded a charter school in Denver called the Academy of Urban Learning. The focus of this charter school, which serves just over 100 students in Denver to this day, about 12 years after it was founded, it serves homeless youth and youth in transitional housing. 
One of the keys to the success of this 
school is the counseling and wrap-around services that the students re-ceive. In fact, one of the graduation re-quirements is that students must apply to two institutions of higher education. 
Now, in a void, that they need more 
than just that requirement, they need the hands-on help from the counselors that will help them achieve that, so there has been a remarkable record of students not only applying but attend-ing community colleges and even 4- year universities. 
Part of the secret sauce that makes 
that school work—and I am very con-fident would help make other schools work that serve homeless youth across the country—is the college and career- readiness counseling to advise and pre-pare students for the next phase of their lives. 
This amendment is extremely impor-
tant in making a difference for the lives of homeless youth, and I strongly encourage my colleagues to adopt it. 
Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
the time in opposition of the amend-ment, although I am not opposed to the amendment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00123 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.068 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1290 February 26, 2015 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-
tion, the gentleman from Ohio is recog-nized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Chairman, last 
month, I had the privilege of joining three young adults from my district to reintroduce the Homeless Children and Youth Act, a bill that will help young homeless youth get access to housing and better service and better to just count them, so we know what the ex-tent of the problem is, so that we can serve them in the future. 
The Elementary and Secondary Edu-
cation Act was originally signed into law to help the neediest children among us have a quality education. As we consider the reauthorization, we need to not forget about vulnerable students who happen to be homeless. 
The Castro-Stivers amendment would 
require States to develop a plan on how school counselors can help these home-less students with their college readi-ness. By providing these children with college counseling and encouraging them and giving them hope, we can de-velop a brighter future not only for those children, but for America. 
I want to thank my colleague from 
Texas (Mr. C
ASTRO ) for his hard work 
on this, for joining me in the fight to help serve our homeless youth in this country and help give them a bright fu-ture. 
I want to thank the chairman and all 
the staff for their hard work. We worked with the committee on this amendment. That is why nobody else rose in opposition to it because we ac-tually worked out the details. I appre-ciate their suggestions and willingness to work with us. I appreciate the gen-tleman from Texas for being willing to take those suggestions. 
This amendment is an example of 
how this House should work, work to-gether to serve the people, to take care of those in need, to make sure we look out for the future of our country. I am proud to have been involved and appre-ciate the work of the gentleman from Texas and the chairman and those on the committee. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Chairman, 
let me just say, in conclusion, I also want to thank the Congressman one more time and the chairman and the ranking member and their staff, who were very gracious and helpful in draft-ing this. 
With that, I yield back the balance of 
my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. C
ASTRO ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
b2145 
AMENDMENT NO . 35 OFFERED BY MR . CARSON OF  
INDIANA . 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 35 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Chair-
man, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of title VI, add the following 
new section: 
SEC. 605. DEVELOPMENT OF A NATIONAL RE-
SEARCH STRATEGY. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of the Student Success Act, the Secretary of Education shall develop a national research strategy with respect to elementary and secondary education that in-cludes advancing— 
(1) an annual measure of student learning, 
including a system of assessments; 
(2) effective teacher preparation and con-
tinuing professional development; 
(3) education administration; and (4) international comparisons of education. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 125, the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. C
ARSON ) and a Mem-
ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Indiana. 
Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Chair-
man, I rise today to present an amend-ment to help prepare vulnerable and at-risk students for the future. Too many children suffer because we effec-tively do not have the coordinated ef-forts to research and apply data on stu-dent achievement in a way that would really benefit them. 
This amendment supports the cre-
ation of a national strategy for the col-lection, analysis, and assessment of student achievement data. This data will be used to structure systems that better serve our students. In addition, it will advance teacher professional de-velopment, educational administra-tion, and international education com-parisons. 
Preparing students for college and 
careers should be a priority of our sys-tem of education. But doing this suc-cessfully requires evidence-based tools we need to properly assess what is working and what is not working. 
My amendment, Mr. Chair, will help 
ensure that all students leave our ele-mentary and secondary schools pre-pared to meet the demands of our glob-al society. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KLINE. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
time in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Chairman, I want to 
thank the gentleman for offering his amendment, even though I am opposed to it. 
I agree, the evaluation of Federal 
programs is important, and we need to better understand what works in edu-cation. It is for that reason the under-lying bill already places an emphasis on better evaluation for the programs included in the bill. We do not need yet another Federal program overlaying a new strategy on top of the current evaluations required and allowed. 
While I agree very much with the im-
portance of the issue, I must oppose the amendment, as it is unnecessary 
and duplicative. I ask my colleagues to oppose the amendment and support the underlying bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Chair-
man, I thank the gentleman for his thoughts and, quite frankly, I appre-ciate that this is really a part of our ongoing discussion; however, I respect-fully disagree. 
I understand, Mr. Chairman, that 
some of my colleagues believe that such a strategy should be left to the States; however, it is critically impor-tant that we remember one fact: a child does not learn differently based on what State they live in. A State that fails to hold schools accountable hurts the students, even if their stand-ards were approved by the General As-sembly. Parents should not have to worry about their child getting an infe-rior education just because of the State that they live in, Mr. Chairman. 
While States like mine—the great 
Hoosier State of Indiana—are holding robust debates about assessments, we still do not have a clear strategy to ad-dress the needs of our students or our teachers. This amendment, Mr. Chair-man, merely sets forth a plan to ad-dress the problems we are facing across the country and increase the likelihood that our students will receive a quality education. This is something for us to think about, Mr. Chairman. 
Mr. Chairman, while I believe that 
this amendment addresses a very im-portant issue, it will not solve the wide array of programs with the underlying bill. This bill ignores the needs of stu-dents living in poverty, students with disabilities, and English language learners. It fails to target those schools that are truly in need and allows port-ability that will hurt these struggling schools even further. It cuts State ac-countability standards. It block grants critical title I funds, effectively in-creasing chances that funds will not reach their intended targets, Mr. Chairman. 
This bill is nowhere near what our 
students, parents, and teachers need. I encourage my colleagues, Mr. Chair-man, to support my amendment and 
vote against the underlying bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KLINE. Mr. Chairman, while ob-
viously I disagree with a great deal of what my friend and colleague has just said about what this underlying bill does, I think it is going exactly to the core of the problem that we see with the current law, No Child Left Behind. 
This bill is designed to give much 
greater flexibility to superintendents and to local school boards so that they can dedicate funds to the areas where they are needed most. The gentleman’s amendment, as I mentioned earlier, is not helpful in this effort because of the language in the underlying bill. 
While I appreciate that he doesn’t 
support the bill, I disagree with his de-scription of the bill and would urge my colleagues to oppose his amendment and support that underlying bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00124 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.146 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1291 February 26, 2015 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Indiana (Mr. C
ARSON ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Chair-
man, I demand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Indiana will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 36 OFFERED BY MR . COLLINS OF  
GEORGIA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 36 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 620, after line 8, add the following 
(and amend the table of contents accord-ingly): 
SEC. 802. ACCOUNTABILITY TO TAXPAYERS 
THROUGH MONITORING AND OVER-SIGHT. 
To ensure better monitoring and oversight 
of taxpayer funds authorized to be appro-priated under the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.), and to deter and prohibit waste, fraud, and abuse of such funds, the Secretary of Edu-cation— 
(1) shall ensure that each recipient of a 
grant or subgrant under such Act is aware of— 
(A) their responsibility to comply with all 
monitoring requirements under the applica-ble program or programs; 
(B) their further responsibility to monitor 
properly any sub-grantee under the applica-ble program or programs; and 
(C) the Secretary’s schedule for monitoring 
and any other compliance reviews to ensure proper use of Federal funds; 
(2) shall review and analyze the results of 
monitoring and compliance reviews— 
(A) to understand trends and identify com-
mon issues; and 
(B) to issue guidance to help grantees ad-
dress these issues before the loss or misuse of taxpayer funding occurs; 
(3) shall publically report the work under-
taken by the Secretary to prevent fraud, waste, and abuse, including specific cases where the Secretary found and prevented the misuse of taxpayer funds; and 
(4) shall work with the Office of Inspector 
General in the Department of Education as needed to help ensure that employees of such department understand how to monitor grantees properly and to help grantees mon-itor any sub-grantees properly. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 125, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
OLLINS ) and a Mem-
ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Georgia. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Chair-
man, I appreciate this opportunity to advocate for my amendment to H.R. 5, the Student Success Act. 
My amendment is based on the prin-
ciple that strong oversight of taxpayer dollars should be the utmost priority for any Federal agency, including the 
Department of Education. I know my colleagues have strong and varied opin-ions—as has been exhibited on this floor over the past few hours—on the merits of this bill or not, but as this amendment comes forward, I would ask that we look at the accountability fac-tor that is in this amendment. 
As the husband of an educator, edu-
cation has long been a priority in my family. My wife’s experiences have also given me a firsthand look at the chal-lenges teachers face when school re-sources are tight. Some school districts in northeast Georgia and all over the country often struggle to make ends meet. They have to hold each other and every member of their staffs account-able for the money they spend. 
I think it is time we apply this same 
commonsense principle to the Depart-ment of Education. When fiscal respon-sibility and oversight are not taken se-riously, we lose opportunities to help educators and students. When the Fed-eral Government is a good steward of public funds, we have more resources to direct to good initiatives that will actually make a difference in class-rooms across the country. My amend-ment seeks to protect the Department of Education’s limited resources by en-suring that recipients of taxpayer- funded grants are aware of their re-sponsibilities. 
Now, understanding I personally be-
lieve that the Department of Edu-cation’s role should continue to be re-duced and that States and locals are the best place to do this, but as long as there is money going to the Depart-ment of Education, it should be an ut-most responsibility of responsibility and accountability. 
My amendment requires that the 
Secretary of Education ensure that each grantee and subgrantee is aware of three things: first, their responsi-bility to comply with all the moni-toring requirements under their appli-cable program; second, the grantee’s obligation to properly supervise any subgrantee; and third, the Secretary’s schedule for monitoring and compli-ance reviews to ensure proper use of Federal funds. 
Making sure all grantees have this 
information will discourage abuse and remove the grantee’s excuse that they just did not know what would be re-quired of them when they accepted tax-payer dollars. 
My amendment also requires the Sec-
retary to review and analyze the re-sults of monitoring and compliance re-views to understand trends, identify common issues, and issue guidance be-fore the loss or misuse of taxpayer funding. The Secretary would also make public their agency’s effort to prevent fraud, waste, and abuse, in-cluding specific cases in which the Sec-retary found and prevented the misuse of taxpayer funds. 
Finally, my amendment requires the 
Secretary to work with the agency’s Office of Inspector General to ensure that the appropriate Department of 
Education employees understand how to properly monitor grantees and guide grantees in the overseeing of sub-grantees. 
This is a straightforward amendment 
designed to improve transparency, in-crease communication between the De-partment of Education and grant re-cipients, and ultimately ensure the Federal Government ensures good 
stewardship of taxpayer dollars. The extra layer of accountability provides this amendment will ensure that grants of all sizes are used well and that students and taxpayers will get the most benefit for their buck. 
Educators in Georgia and across the 
Nation understand the importance of protecting the limited resources we have to help kids in and out of the classroom. The least the Department of Education can do is put the policies in place to prevent the abuse of taxpayer dollars by grantees and make sure that the grant recipients know all of the re-porting requirements and guidelines concerning their taxpayer funds. 
With that, I hope my colleagues on 
both sides of the aisle will support this simple, commonsense transparency amendment. 
I would like to express my thanks to 
the chairman and the committee for their work on this bill and others. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. C
OLLINS ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 37 OFFERED BY MR . DOLD  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 37 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Add at the end of title VIII the following: 
SEC. 8 ll. PROHIBITION OF USING EDUCATION 
FUNDS FOR EXCESS PAYMENTS TO CERTAIN RETIREMENT OR PENSION SYSTEMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—No State receiving funds 
authorized under this Act or the amend-ments made by this Act may require any local educational agency using funds author-ized under this Act to hire or pay the salary of teachers to use such funds to make con-tributions to a teacher retirement or pension system for a plan year in excess of the nor-mal cost of pension benefits for such plan year for which the employing local edu-cational agency has responsibility. 
(b) N
ORMAL COSTDEFINED .—For purposes 
of this section, the term ‘‘normal cost’’ means the portion of the cost of projected benefits allocated to the current plan year, not including any unfunded liabilities the teacher retirement or pension system has ac-crued. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 125, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. D
OLD) and a Member 
opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Illinois. 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today in support of my amendment to H.R. 5, the Student Success Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00125 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.149 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1292 February 26, 2015 
The amendment ensures that the 
Federal education dollars will go to students and schools that need them most and that the Federal education funds are not redirected into State pen-sion programs that pay off the States’ unfunded liabilities. The amendment prohibits States from requiring school districts that choose to pay teachers 
using Federal funds to make a con-tribution to a teacher’s pension plan that covers not only the normal cost of that teacher, but also covers the un-funded liabilities that that pension plan may have incurred. It will prevent the States from forcing school districts to use Federal funds to bail out State pension plans and will leave school dis-tricts free to make the best decisions for their needs. 
Mr. Chairman, it is important to rec-
ognize that the amendment does not ban school districts from making pen-sion contributions to cover the normal costs of a teacher’s participation in that pension plan. The amendment only prevents States from redirecting Federal education dollars to pay off un-funded liabilities and instead leaves the school districts free to use the Fed-eral funds for their intended purposes: improving our schools, hiring more teachers, and giving children the op-portunity to receive a better edu-cation. 
I think it is important, Mr. Chair-
man, as we look at what is happening certainly in my State, the State of Illi-nois, there are times where actually al-most 33 percent of title I dollars, of dollars that go to IDEA, actually go into the teachers’ pension. It is actu-ally a penalty. So what we find is that we find school districts that are in des-perate need of hiring additional teach-ers that are using those dollars not to go to teachers. They are instead using those dollars to pay for other things because they refuse to take a 33 per-cent, in essence, haircut on funds that are desperately needed. 
So again I want to emphasize, Mr. 
Chairman, to my colleagues that this is not something that happens in many States. In fact, our research shows that Illinois may be fairly unique in this re-gard. But what I did find just last week, Mr. Chairman, I had an edu-cational advisory board meeting with teachers and administrators and prin-cipals. One of the things that they said and they urged me, they said: Please, can you do something about this prob-lem that we have? One school district that is in desperate need of teachers said, if we were able to solve this prob-lem, they would be able to hire six ad-ditional teachers to be able to help out in their crowded classrooms to be able to have a better teacher-student ratio. 
This is something that is a problem 
in the State of Illinois, something that I think we can actually solve here. My hope is that my colleagues will support this amendment and that we will be able to really allow those dollars to be able to go to those students that are in desperate need of help. I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, I claim the time in opposition, al-though I am not in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. C
OLLINS of 
Georgia). Without objection, the gen-tleman is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, this would require that the money that is appropriated under ESEA go to the purpose for which it was appropriated, and that is edu-cation. This amendment focuses the money and makes sure it goes to where it is supposed to go, and therefore I support the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. DOLD. I want to thank the gen-
tleman from Virginia. I certainly ap-preciate that. 
Mr. Chairman, my hope is, again, we 
have a bipartisan solution that allows Federal education dollars to be able to go into local school districts that are going to be able to hire more teachers. This is the way, hopefully, the process is supposed to work, Republicans and Democrats looking to work together to actually help our children. 
I want to thank the gentleman from 
Virginia. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. D
OLD). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
b2200 
AMENDMENT NO . 38 OFFERED BY MR . FLORES  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 38 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
Mr. FLORES. Mr. Chairman, I rise to 
offer my amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Add at the end the following: 
SEC. 802. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE FREE EX-
ERCISE OF RELIGION. 
It is the sense of Congress that— 
(1) a student, teacher, or school adminis-
trator retains their rights under the First Amendment, including the right to free exer-cise of religion, during the school day or while on elementary and secondary school grounds; and 
(2) elementary and secondary schools 
should examine their policies to ensure that, in a manner consistent with the Constitu-tion, law, and court decisions, students, teachers, and school administrators are able to fully participate in activities on elemen-tary and secondary school grounds related to their religious freedom. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 125, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. F
LORES ) and a Member 
opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. FLORES. Mr. Chairman, I rise to 
offer my amendment, which reaffirms the First Amendment rights of stu-dents, teachers, and school administra-tors to exercise their religious beliefs. 
The Founders of our Nation recog-
nized the singular importance of reli-gious freedom. One only needs to look 
back at the very first clause of the First Amendment to know that James Madison, the father of the Bill of Rights, saw religious freedom as cen-tral to our liberty and to our freedom of expression as human beings. 
Since the ratification of the Bill of 
Rights over 225 years ago, Americans have been protected from religious op-pression. As a result, in present day, for many, religious freedom may seem like a given—a right that has always existed and that will always exist—but we know we can’t be so cavalier. 
Just look around the world to see 
that the religious protections enjoyed by Americans are not universally em-braced. Even here at home, we have cause to remain vigilant. 
Every Christmas, we hear stories of 
elementary schoolchildren being for-bidden from passing out candy canes that are affixed with notes including traditional Christmas messages or even being forbidden from saying the word ‘‘Christmas’’ in school. 
Today, I rise to offer a sense of Con-
gress to ensure that our right to reli-gious freedom is preserved in our schools. No one should tell students and teachers that they have to check their fundamental freedoms at the schoolhouse door. This is not what our Founding Fathers envisioned or in-tended. 
I urge my colleagues to support the 
passage of this commonsense reminder that, as Members of Congress and as Representatives of the people, we are the first line of defense against coer-cive government behavior. 
We bear the responsibility of pro-
tecting and upholding our traditional religious freedom as espoused in the First Amendment of the Bill of Rights in our Constitution. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, I rise in opposition to the amend-ment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is 
recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, I have a number of concerns re-garding the amendment as it is cur-rently drafted. 
I would first note that the amend-
ment gives great weight to the ‘‘free exercise of religion’’ without acknowl-edging the other half of the First Amendment, and that is the Establish-ment Clause. 
I am also concerned that the amend-
ment is duplicative of previous efforts under ESEA. In No Child Left Behind, section 9524 requires the U.S. Depart-ment of Education to issue guidance on constitutionally protected prayer in public elementary and secondary schools. This guidance was developed with the Office of the General Counsel in the Department of Education and with the Office of Legal Counsel in the Department of Justice. 
Mr. Chairman, I am also concerned 
that the amendment implies that teachers can participate in religious 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00126 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.153 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1293 February 26, 2015 
activities with their students. The Con-
stitution prohibits teachers from par-ticipating in religious activities with students when those teachers are act-ing in their professional capacity. 
Public school employees simply do 
not have the ‘‘right to make the pro-motion of religion a part of their job description,’’ says the Supreme Court decision in 2007. A sense of Congress provision in this bill will not override the Constitution. 
I would remind my colleagues that 
religious freedom means not only are students, teachers, and school adminis-trators able to exercise their right to religion, but also that the students should be able to attend public schools free of unwarranted proselytization and coercion in the participation of re-ligious activities. The First Amend-ment is reflective of that balance. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FLORES. I appreciate the gen-
tleman from Virginia’s response. 
Mr. Chairman, our amendment is not 
intended to cause any establishment of any religion or to encourage the pros-elytization of any religious beliefs in school. 
Our amendment is just basically to 
protect the rights of students and of teachers and of school administrators to practice their individual beliefs and not have to check their religious free-doms at the door. It does nothing to es-tablish any religion. 
We need to recognize that there are 
too often too many times that some-body wears a religious necklace to school and a school administrator vio-lates his right of religious freedom by telling him he has to remove that or, if one wears a T-shirt that has a Biblical phrase or a Biblical verse, that he has to remove that shirt or be banned from wearing that shirt in the future from school because of an administrator who doesn’t understand the protections of-fered by the First Amendment. 
This amendment, this sense of Con-
gress, is purely to protect the rights that we have as students and as admin-istrators and teachers under the First Amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, would the Chair advise how much time is available on both sides? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Virginia has 3
1⁄2minutes remain-
ing, and the gentleman from Texas has 2 minutes remaining. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS). 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, the prob-
lem that Mr. F LORES is seeking to ad-
dress here is a real problem in our country. 
Students, teachers, and school ad-
ministrators of faith, particularly teachers, students, and school adminis-trators of minority faiths, are fre-quently under peer pressure—at times, perhaps, coupled with pressure through official channels—not to exercise their free religion in schools. There have been instances in this 
country of Muslim teachers—Muslim women—being told not to wear their hijabs at schools. A situation could arise when a man of the Sikh faith, who would carry a ceremonial knife with him, might be told he cannot carry his ceremonial knife at a school because it violates another policy. 
So, too, many educators and students 
who are atheists or humanists are often intimidated and afraid to proudly proclaim their lack of faith on their clothing or through their words and deeds. 
Correctly done, this amendment 
would allow Muslims and atheists and other members of minority faiths to proudly proclaim their faiths in our schools, and it would give them the op-portunity to talk with others while on the school grounds during the school day. 
There should be no discrimination 
against students, teachers, or school administrators based on their faiths, and you don’t park your First Amend-ment rights at the door to the school-house. 
Now, there are different rules with 
regard to students, as we know. Stu-dents’ lockers can be checked in a dif-ferent way other than through unrea-sonable searches and seizures. Of course, students have particular dress codes which have been sustained over time as well; and they are minors, of course, acting with their parents’ per-mission. 
Yet, by and large, in a manner con-
sistent with our Constitution, which recognizes that we are a nation of many faiths and a nation of those who have no faith, people should not be afraid to proudly proclaim their Chris-tianity, to proclaim their atheism, to proclaim that they are Muslim at our schools. 
Correctly done, I think this amend-
ment can accomplish this, so I praise the efforts that led to this amendment. 
Mr. FLORES. Mr. Chairman, I appre-
ciate the comments from the gen-tleman from Colorado. 
I think he goes right to the core of 
the reason that my amendment is per-fectly appropriate, that it is there to protect religious freedom and to pro-tect our rights under the First Amend-ment. 
I think he makes the case to support 
my amendment, actually, when you work through what he said, so I con-tinue to encourage the other side to work with us to protect religious free-dom and to adopt my amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield myself such time as I may consume, just to remind people that students ought to be able to attend their public schools, free from unwar-ranted proselytization or coercion. 
We have the Establishment Clause, 
as well as the Free Exercise Clause, and as public employees exercise their rights, they should not violate a per-son’s right to go to school and not be faced with a phalanx of people all co-
ercing him into joining in prayer. 
The teachers and administrators 
ought not be guiding the prayer and suggesting that the State has a par-ticular religion. We have an Establish-ment Clause, as well as a Free Exercise Clause. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FLORES. Mr. Chairman, I appre-
ciate the comments of the gentleman from Virginia and also of the gen-tleman from Colorado. 
There is nothing in my amendment 
that says that coercion is okay, that religious proselytization is okay. What we are doing is just protecting the reli-gious freedoms of the First Amend-ment. 
Mr. Chairman, I would urge all of my 
colleagues to vote for a commonsense, simple amendment that protects our religious freedoms under the First Amendment. It is very simple. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. In closing, 
Mr. Chairman, it is a great sense of Congress on the free exercise, but it ig-nores the Establishment Clause. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FLORES. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. F
LORES ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 39 OFFERED BY MS . BROWNLEY  
OF CALIFORNIA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 39 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Mr. 
Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of title VIII of the bill, add the 
following new section: 
SEC. 802. STATE SEAL OF BILITERACY PROGRAM. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary of Edu-
cation shall award grants to States to estab-lish or improve a Seal of Biliteracy program to recognize student proficiency in speaking, reading, and writing in both English and a second language. 
(b) G
RANT APPLICATION .—In order to re-
ceive a grant under this section, a State shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and con-taining such information and assurances as the Secretary may require, including— 
(1) a description of the criteria a student 
must meet to demonstrate proficiency in speaking, reading, and writing in both English and a second language; 
(2) assurances that a student who meets 
the requirements under paragraph (1)— 
(A) receives a permanent seal or other 
marker on the student’s secondary school di-ploma or its equivalent; and 
(B) receives documentation of proficiency 
in the student’s official academic transcript; and 
(3) assurances that a student is not charged 
a fee for submitting an application under subsection (c). 
(c) S
TUDENT PARTICIPATION IN A SEAL OF  
BILITERACY PROGRAM .—To participate in a 
Seal of Biliteracy program, a student must 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00127 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.156 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1294 February 26, 2015 
submit an application to the State that 
serves the student at such time, in such manner, and containing such information and assurances as the State may require, in-cluding assurances that the student— 
(1) will receive a secondary school diploma 
or its equivalent in the year the student sub-mits an application; and 
(2) has met the criteria established by the 
State under subsection (b)(1). 
(d) S
TUDENT ELIGIBILITY FOR APPLICA -
TION.—A student who gained proficiency in a 
second language outside of school may apply to participate in a Seal of Biliteracy pro-gram under subsection (c). 
(e) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Grant funds made 
available under this section shall be used for administrative costs of establishing or im-proving and carrying out a Seal of Biliteracy program and for public outreach and edu-cation about that program. 
(f) G
RANT TERMS .— 
(1) D URATION .—A grant awarded under this 
section shall be for a period of 2 years, and may be renewed at the discretion of the Sec-retary. 
(2) R
ENEWAL .—At the end of a grant term, 
the recipient of such grant may reapply for a grant under this section. 
(3) L
IMITATIONS .—A grant recipient under 
this section shall not have more than 1 grant under this section at anytime. 
(4) R
ETURN OF UNSPENT GRANT FUNDS .—Not 
later than 6 months after the date on which a grant term ends, a recipient of a grant under this section shall return any unspent grant funds to the Secretary. 
(g) R
EPORT .—Not later than 9 months after 
receiving a grant under this section, a grant recipient shall issue a report to the Sec-retary describing the implementation of the Seal of Biliteracy program. 
(h) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) ESEA DEFINITIONS .—The terms ‘‘sec-
ondary school’’, ‘‘Secretary’’, and ‘‘State’’ have the meanings given those terms in sec-tion 6101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801). 
(2) S
ECOND LANGUAGE .—The term ‘‘second 
language’’ means any language other than English, including Braille and American Sign Language. 
(3) S
EAL OF BILITERACY PROGRAM .—The 
term ‘‘Seal of Biliteracy program’’ means any program established under this section. 
(i) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021 to carry out this section. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 125, the gentlewoman from California (Ms. B
ROWNLEY ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from California. 
Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Mr. 
Chairman, my amendment, the Biliteracy Education Seal and Teach-ing Act, would amend H.R. 5 to encour-age and incentivize bilingual education for our students across the country. 
Specifically, my amendment would 
establish a grant program at the De-partment of Education to provide re-sources for States to create or to ex-pand State biliteracy seal programs to recognize high school seniors who achieve a high level of proficiency in writing, reading, and speaking in English and in a second language. 
Students who speak more than one 
language have a competitive edge in the American job market. As busi-nesses look to expand into overseas 
markets and serve a wider range of cus-tomers and as the world becomes in-creasingly interconnected, the demand for students with valuable language skills is increasing. 
It is not only the private sector that 
needs young people with language skills. The Federal Government also has a direct and compelling interest in 
ensuring that our young people become proficient in foreign languages. Our military, our diplomats, and our intel-ligence agencies are increasingly seek-ing to recruit young people with pro-ficiency in a foreign language. 
However, there are few State or na-
tional standards for bilingual certifi-cation for high school students, and many students who could qualify for the seal are not enrolled in AP or bac-calaureate classes either because they cannot afford the cost of the test or their school does not offer advanced courses; whereas States that have or are in the process of implementing State seals do so free of charge for every student. 
I must add that eight States have al-
ready approved a bilingual seal, and three more are considering it as we speak. 
A biliteracy seal is a very special 
marker on a student’s high school di-ploma. It serves as a certification by the State that the student is fluent and literate in a language other than English. 
Under my amendment, these seals 
would be available to students who are proficient in any spoken language—Ar-abic, Mandarin, Spanish. My amend-ment also makes nonspoken languages, like American Sign Language and braille, also eligible. 
To receive a seal, a high school sen-
ior must have a strong academic record in both English and a second language, and he must be on track to graduate. My amendment establishes a voluntary grant program which would not impose any new mandates on States. 
It is also budget neutral. The Con-
gressional Budget Office estimates that it would not increase direct spending. 
I urge Members to vote for my 
amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
opposition to the gentlewoman’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
b2215 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Chairman, I want to 
thank the gentlewoman for offering this amendment, even though I am op-posed to it. 
Being bilingual, multilingual, is 
clearly a helpful skill and much sought in the private sector and in govern-ment. I think back to my days in school, and at one time I was conver-sant, if not fluent, in both Spanish and German, and now I can barely read the menu—or speisekarte—having let that lapse. I just do not think we need yet an-
other Federal program, and the gentle-woman’s amendment authorizes an-other $10 million for this program to get a government seal of approval. I think the students can speak, read, and write for themselves and should be en-couraged to learn those languages, be-come proficient, stay proficient, but the last thing they need is the Federal Government creating yet another pro-gram to determine what certifies them as bilingual. 
So while I certainly agree with the 
gentlelady’s emphasis on the impor-tance of being bilingual or multi-lingual, I nevertheless must oppose her amendment and encourage my col-leagues to oppose the amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Mr. 
Chairman, as chairwoman of the Cali-
fornia Assembly Education Committee, I sponsored legislation in 2012 that es-tablished a State seal in California, the first of its kind in our country, and since that time I have seen firsthand how successful this program has been. 
In 2014, over 24,000 high school seniors 
and 219 school districts across Cali-fornia participated in this program. They earned their seals for achieve-ment in 40 different languages. 
When I introduced this language in 
the 113th Congress, it was supported by many education and civil rights orga-nizations, including the National Edu-cation Association, Centro Latino for Literacy, California Association for Bi-lingual Education, Families in Schools, California School Board Association, Californians Together, Asian Ameri-cans Advancing Justice, and the Asian and Pacific Islanders California Action Network. 
I have crafted the amendment to give 
States the flexibility to shape their own seal programs while ensuring the programs guarantee equal access for all students. 
The BEST Act celebrates diversity 
and multiculturalism. It also recog-nizes that fluency in a second language helps students compete in an increas-ingly global marketplace. The seal also helps employers, colleges, and univer-sities distinguish talented applicants with valuable skills. 
If you support encouraging bilin-
gualism, this is an amendment to sup-port. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KLINE. Mr. Chairman, regret-
fully, I continue to oppose the gentle-lady’s amendment. I ask my colleagues to oppose it, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from California (Ms. B
ROWNLEY ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Mr. 
Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00128 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.075 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1295 February 26, 2015 
the gentlewoman from California will 
be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 40 OFFERED BY MR . LOEBSACK  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 40 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
Mr. LOEBSACK. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of the bill, insert the following: 
TITLE IX—SCHOOLS OF THE FUTURE ACT 
SEC. 901. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Schools of 
the Future Act’’. 
SEC. 902. FINDINGS. 
The Congress finds the following: (1) Digital learning technology holds the 
promise of transforming rural education by removing barriers of distance and increasing school capacity. 
(2) While many large urban local edu-
cational agencies are at the forefront of im-plementing new digital learning innovations, it is often harder for smaller and more rural local educational agencies to access these tools. Smaller local educational agencies with less capacity may also find it more dif-ficult to provide the training needed to effec-tively implement new digital learning tech-nologies. 
(3) Despite the potential of digital learning 
in rural areas, these advancements risk by-passing rural areas without support for their implementation. Rather than having schools and local educational agencies apply digital learning innovations designed for urban en-vironments to rural areas, it is important that digital learning technologies be devel-oped and implemented in ways that reflect the unique needs of rural areas. 
(4) Digital learning is rapidly expanding, 
and new tools for improving teaching and learning are being developed every day. A growing demand for digital learning tools and products has made rigorous evaluation of their effectiveness increasingly impor-tant, as this information would allow school and local educational agency leaders to make informed choices about how best to use these tools to improve student achievement and educational outcomes. 
(5) High-quality digital learning increases 
student access to courses that may not have been available to students in rural commu-nities, increasing their college and career readiness. 
SEC. 903. PROGRAM AUTHORIZED. 
(a) G RANTS TO ELIGIBLE PARTNERSHIPS .— 
From the amounts appropriated to carry out this title, the Secretary of Education is au-thorized to award grants, on a competitive basis, to eligible partnerships to carry out the activities described in section 906. 
(b) D
URATION OF GRANT .—A grant under 
subsection (a) shall be awarded for not less than a 3-year and not longer than a 5-year period. 
(c) F
ISCAL AGENT .—If an eligible partner-
ship receives a grant under this title, a school partner in the partnership shall serve as the fiscal agent for the partnership. 
SEC. 904. APPLICATION. 
An eligible partnership desiring a grant 
under this title shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such man-ner, and containing such information as the Secretary may require, which shall include the following: 
(1) A description of the eligible partner-
ship, including the name of each of the part-ners and their respective roles and respon-sibilities. (2) A description of the technology-based 
learning practice, tool, strategy, or course that the eligible partnership proposes to de-velop or implement using the grant funds. 
(3) An assurance that all teachers of record 
hold the relevant license and are otherwise qualified to implement any technology-based practice, tool, strategy, or course using the grant funds. 
(4) An assurance that all students in a 
class or school implementing a practice, tool, strategy or course using the grant funds will have access to any equipment nec-essary to participate on a full and equitable basis. 
(5) An assurance that the proposed uses of 
smartphones, laptops, tablets, or other de-vices susceptible to inappropriate use have the informed consent of parents or guardians and are not inconsistent with any policies of the local educational agency on the use of such devices. 
(6) Information relevant to the selection 
criteria under section 905(c). 
(7) A description of the evaluation to be 
undertaken by the eligible partnership, in-cluding— 
(A) how the school partner and the evalua-
tion partner will work together to imple-ment the practice, tool, strategy, or course in such a way that permits the use of a rig-orous, independent evaluation design that meets the standards of the What Works Clearinghouse of the Institute of Education Sciences; and 
(B) a description of the evaluation design 
that meets such standards, which will be used to measure any significant effects on the outcomes described in paragraphs (1) through (3) of section 907(a). 
(8) An estimate of the number of students 
to be reached through the grant and evidence of its capacity to reach the proposed number of students during the course of the grant. 
(9) Any other information the Secretary 
may require. 
SEC. 905. APPLICATION REVIEW AND AWARD 
BASIS. 
(a) P EERREVIEW .—The Secretary shall use 
a peer review process to review applications for grants under this title. The Secretary shall appoint individuals to the peer review process who have relevant expertise in dig-ital learning, research and evaluation, stand-ards quality and alignment, and rural edu-cation. 
(b) A
WARD BASIS.—In awarding grants 
under this title, the Secretary shall ensure, to the extent practicable, diversity in the type of activities funded under the grants. 
(c) S
ELECTION CRITERIA .—In evaluating an 
eligible partnership’s application for a grant under this title, the Secretary shall con-sider— 
(1) the need for the proposed technology- 
based learning practice, tool, strategy, or course; 
(2) the quality of the design of the proposed 
practice, tool, strategy, or course; 
(3) the strength of the existing research 
evidence with respect to such practice, tool, strategy, or course; 
(4) the experience of the eligible partner-
ship; and 
(5) the quality of the evaluation proposed 
by the eligible partnership. 
(d) D
EDICATED FUNDING FOR FRINGE RURAL , 
DISTANT RURAL , AND REMOTE RURAL  
SCHOOLS .—Not less than 50 percent of the 
grant funds awarded under this title shall be awarded to eligible partnerships that pro-vides assurances that the school partners in the eligible partnership will ensure that each school to be served by the grant is des-ignated with a school locale code of Fringe Rural, Distant Rural, or Remote Rural, as determined by the Secretary. SEC. 906. USE OF FUNDS. 
(a) R EQUIRED USE OF FUNDS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—An eligible partnership re-
ceiving a grant under this title shall use such funds to implement and evaluate the re-sults of technology-based learning practices, strategies, tools, or courses, including the practices, strategies, tools, or courses identi-fied under paragraphs (2) through (6). 
(2) T
OOLS AND COURSES DESIGNED TO PER -
SONALIZE THE LEARNING EXPERIENCE .—Tech-
nology-based tools and courses identified under this paragraph include the following types of tools and courses designed to per-sonalize the learning experience: 
(A) Technology-based personalized instruc-
tional systems. 
(B) Adaptive software, games, or tools, 
that can be used to personalize learning. 
(C) Computer-based tutoring courses to 
help struggling students. 
(D) Games, digital tools, and smartphone 
or tablet applications to improve students’ engagement, focus, and time on task. 
(E) Other tools and courses designed to 
personalize the learning experience. 
(3) P
RACTICES AND STRATEGIES DESIGNED TO  
AID AND INFORM INSTRUCTION .—Technology- 
based practices and strategies identified under this paragraph include the following types of practices and strategies designed to aid and inform instruction: 
(A) Adaptive software, games, or tools that 
can be used for the purpose of formative as-sessment. 
(B) Web resources that provide teachers 
and their students access to instructional and curricular materials that are— 
(i) aligned with high-quality standards; 
and 
(ii) designed to prepare students for college 
and a career, such as a repository of primary historical sources for use in history and civics courses or examples of develop-mentally appropriate science experiments. 
(C) Online professional development oppor-
tunities, teacher mentoring opportunities, and professional learning communities. 
(D) Tools or web resources designed to ad-
dress specific instructional problems. 
(E) Other practices and strategies designed 
to personalize the learning experience. 
(4) T
OOLS, COURSES , AND STRATEGIES DE -
SIGNED TO IMPROVE THE ACHIEVEMENT OF STU -
DENTS WITH SPECIFIC EDUCATIONAL NEEDS .— 
Technology-based tools, courses, and strate-gies identified under this paragraph include the following types of tools, courses, and strategies designed to meet the needs of stu-dents with specific educational needs: 
(A) Digital tools specifically designed to 
meet the needs of students with a particular disability. 
(B) Online courses that give students who 
are not on track to graduate or have already dropped out of school the opportunity for ac-celerated credit recovery. 
(C) Language instruction courses, games, 
or software designed to meet the needs of English language learners. 
(D) Other tools, courses, and strategies de-
signed to personalize the learning experi-ence. 
(5) T
OOLS, COURSES , AND STRATEGIES DE -
SIGNED TO HELP STUDENTS DEVELOP 21ST CEN -
TURY SKILLS .—Technology-based tools, 
courses, and strategies identified under this paragraph include peer-to-peer virtual learn-ing opportunities to be used for the purposes of project-based learning, deeper learning, and collaborative learning, and other tools, courses, and strategies designed to help stu-dents develop 21st century skills, such as the ability to think critically and solve prob-lems, be effective communicators, collabo-rate with others, and learn to create and in-novate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00129 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.161 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1296 February 26, 2015 
(6) T ECHNOLOGY -BASED OR ONLINE COURSES  
THAT ALLOW STUDENTS TO TAKE COURSES THAT  
THEY WOULD NOT OTHERWISE HAVE ACCESS  
TO.—Technology-based or online courses 
identified under this paragraph include courses or collections of courses approved by the applicable local educational agency or State educational agency that provide stu-dents with access to courses that they would not otherwise have access to, such as the fol-lowing: 
(A) An online repository of elective 
courses. 
(B) Online or software-based courses in for-
eign languages, especially in languages iden-tified as critical or in schools where a teach-er is not available to teach the language or course level a student requires. 
(C) Online advanced or college-level 
courses that can be taken for credit. 
(b) A
UTHORIZED USE OF FUNDS .—An eligible 
partnership receiving a grant under this title may use grant funds to— 
(1) develop or implement the technology 
for technology-based learning strategies, practices, courses, or tools to be carried out under the grant; 
(2) purchase hardware or software needed 
to carry out such strategies, practices, courses, or tools under the grant, except that such purchases may not exceed 50 percent of total grant funds; 
(3) address the particular needs of student 
subgroups, including students with disabil-ities and English-language learners; 
(4) provide technology-based professional 
development or professional development on how to maximize the utility of technology; and 
(5) address issues of cost and capacity in 
rural areas and shortage subjects. 
(c) S
UPPLEMENTATION .—An eligible part-
nership that receives a grant under this title shall use the grant funds to supplement, not supplant, the work of teachers with students, and may not use such funds to reduce staff-ing levels for the school partners in the eligi-ble partnership. 
(d) T
EACHER OF RECORD .—For each student 
in a class or school implementing a practice, tool, strategy, or course using grant funds provided under this title, there shall be a teacher of record, holding the relevant cer-tification or license, and otherwise qualified to implement any digitally-based practice, tool, strategy or course using the grant funds. An eligible partnership shall use grant funds provided under this title, and shall de-termine the extent and nature of pedagogical uses of digital tools, in a manner that is con-sistent with the judgments of teachers of record about what is developmentally appro-priate for students. 
SEC. 907. DATA COLLECTION AND EVALUATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Each eligible partnership 
receiving a grant under this title shall re-quire its evaluation partner to complete an independent, comprehensive, well-designed, and well-implemented evaluation that meets the standards of the What Works Clearing-house after the third year of implementation of the grant to measure the effect of the practice, tool, strategy, or course on— 
(1) growth in student achievement, as 
measured by high quality assessments that provide objective, valid, reliable measures of student academic growth and information on whether a student is on-track to graduate ready for college and career; 
(2) costs and savings to the school partner; 
and 
(3) at least one of the following: (A) Student achievement gaps. (B) Graduation and dropout rates. (C) College enrollment. (D) College persistence. (E) College completion. (F) Placement in a living-wage job. 
(G) Enhanced teacher or principal effec-
tiveness as measured by valid, reliable, and multiple measures of student achievement and other appropriate measures. 
(b) E
VALUATION .—The Secretary shall— 
(1) acting through the Director of the In-
stitute of Education Sciences— 
(A) evaluate the implementation and im-
pact of the activities supported under the grant program authorized under this section; and 
(B) identify best practices; and (2) disseminate, in consultation with the 
regional educational laboratories established under part D of the Education Sciences Re-form Act of 2002 and comprehensive centers established under the Educational Technical Assistance Act of 2002, research on best prac-tices in school leadership. 
(c) I
MPLEMENTATION EVALUATION .—An eval-
uation partner may use funds under this title to carry out an implementation evalua-tion designed to provide information that may be useful for schools, local educational agencies, States, consortia of schools, and charter school networks seeking to imple-ment similar practices, tools, strategies, or courses in the future. 
(d) P
UBLICATION OF RESULTS .—Upon com-
pletion of an evaluation described in sub-section (a), (b), or (c) the evaluation partner shall— 
(1) submit a report of the results of the 
evaluation to the Secretary; and 
(2) make publicly available such results. 
SEC. 908. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) E
LIGIBLE PARTNERSHIP .—The term ‘‘eli-
gible partnership’’ means a partnership that includes a school partner and not less than 1— 
(A) digital learning partner, except that in 
a case in which a school partner or evalua-tion partner demonstrates expertise in dig-ital learning to the Secretary; and 
(B) evaluation partner. (2) S
CHOOL PARTNER .—The term ‘‘school 
partner’’ means a— 
(A) local educational agency; (B) a charter school network that does not 
include virtual schools; 
(C) a consortium of public elementary 
schools or secondary schools; 
(D) a regional educational service agency 
or similar regional educational service pro-vider; or 
(E) a consortium of the entities described 
in subparagraphs (A) through (D). 
(3) D
IGITAL LEARNING PARTNER .—The term 
‘‘digital learning partner’’ means an organi-zation with expertise in the technology re-quired to develop or implement the digital learning practices, tools, strategies, or courses proposed by the school partner with which the digital learning partner will part-ner or has partnered under this title, such as— 
(A) an institution of higher education; (B) a nonprofit organization; or (C) an organization with school develop-
ment or turnaround experience. 
(4) E
VALUATION PARTNER .—The term ‘‘eval-
uation partner’’ means a partner that has the expertise and ability to carry out the evaluation of a grant received under this title, such as— 
(A) an institution of higher education; (B) a nonprofit organization with expertise 
in evaluation; or 
(C) an evaluation firm. (5) I
NSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .—The 
term ‘‘institution of higher education’’ has the meaning given the term in section 102 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1002). 
(6) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY .—The term 
‘‘local educational agency’’ has the meaning given the term in section 9101 of the Elemen-
tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801). 
(7) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of Education. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 125, the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. L
OEBSACK ) and a Mem-
ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Iowa. 
Mr. LOEBSACK. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I think that there is universal agree-
ment among us in this body that No Child Left Behind, the most recent iteration of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act, needs to be re-placed. 
I think a lot of folks have the same 
kinds of concerns I have about the Stu-dent Success Act, many of the provi-sions in that act. One of my major con-cerns—and, again, I think a number of us in this body can share these con-cerns—is that the bill lacks focus on or support for rural school districts. That is a big issue. 
I was raised in Iowa by a single 
mother, and I represented rural parts of Iowa for the last 8 years that I have been in Congress. I served for 8 years on the Education and the Workforce Committee. I would be remiss if I didn’t say that I miss my time there from time to time, although I am en-joying my time on a new committee. 
But this issue is something that I 
think gets overlooked. I think that a lot of folks in this body really, through no fault of their own and certainly through no malice on their part, sim-ply don’t recognize or understand the needs of rural parts of our country, not just in Iowa, but around the country, and certainly the needs of rural stu-dents. 
I find myself as a former educator 
often educating my colleagues to some extent because they don’t seem to un-derstand sometimes—folks on both sides of the aisle, Mr. Chairman—that poverty is not just an urban problem. It is a rural problem as well, and it does exist in rural areas. 
I don’t think we should deny the fact 
that fewer students from rural areas complete college than their urban counterparts as well. In fact, this gap is growing wider by the year. 
Again, these are issues that, if we 
think just a little bit, we understand exist out there in our society. And a large part of the problem is that rural students face unique challenges and barriers to access to resources. For ex-ample, many rural students may not have a proper Internet connection, if any at all, let alone enough bandwidth or a computer at home. So it is even more important that they are exposed to technology in school. 
We know about technology and how 
powerful it is in vastly expanding the educational options and opportunities available to students in rural areas, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00130 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.077 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1297 February 26, 2015 
providing these students with a cut-
ting-edge 21st century education re-gardless of geography. 
At the same time, technological tools 
have the power to transform the typ-ical classroom experience into one that is more student-centered and provide teachers with more accurate informa-tion and feedback on student progress so they can better address the needs of struggling students—something all of us would like to see happen. 
Also, many rural schools have a 
smaller workforce to draw from and struggle to find teachers for a wide va-riety of electives or advanced coursework. The students in these schools, I have no doubt—and I think most folks in this body have no doubt— would benefit tremendously from the use of technology to deliver, supple-ment, and personalize instruction and provide opportunities to these students they may not have otherwise. 
This amendment that I am offering is 
a simple one. It is supported by the Na-tional Education Association, by the School Superintendents Association, and the Alliance for Excellent Edu-cation. It would simply support the ex-pansion of the use of digital learning through competitive grants to partner-ships to implement and evaluate the results of technology-based learning practices, strategies, tools, and pro-grams at rural schools. 
Mr. Chair, it is time for Congress to 
start paying more attention to rural communities. That is the bottom line. As cochair of the Rural Education Cau-cus, I encourage my colleagues to vote in favor of this amendment and to pro-vide students in rural communities with the same digital learning re-sources as students in larger school districts, and I hope that we can vote for this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KLINE. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
the time in opposition to the gentle-man’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Chairman, I do 
thank the gentleman for offering this amendment, even though I must oppose the amendment. I would say that we do miss him on the committee. 
I would say that in my district, like 
his, we certainly have rural schools. In fact, I was thinking about rural schools the other day. My wife went to such a rural school. It was called Country School because it was a one-room schoolhouse, and how heartbroken she was when she was forced to go to the big-city school—population 1,000—for the city. So we do know something about rural schools. 
The underlying bill, the Student Suc-
cess Act, does maintain the rural edu-cation programs in the bill, and under the local academic flexible grants, dis-tricts can support the use of digital learning if they believe it is the best way to use those funds. 
The bill already allows every district 
to determine what they need for their students and not have to abide by pri-
orities set by Washington. 
So while I greatly appreciate the gen-
tleman’s passion for rural schools—and I think I share that passion—I just firmly believe we don’t need yet an-other new Federal program. We are working to provide flexibility so that schools can put the resources where they need them the most. 
And so I must oppose the gentle-
man’s amendment, ask my colleagues to oppose it, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Iowa (Mr. L
OEBSACK ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. LOEBSACK. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Iowa will be post-poned. 
AMENDMENT NO . 41 OFFERED BY MR . POLIS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 41 printed in part B of House Report 114–29. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I have an 
amendment at the desk as the designee of Ms. M
ENG. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of the bill, add the following 
new title: 
TITLE IX—EARLY CHILDHOOD EDU-
CATION PROFESSIONAL IMPROVEMENT 
SEC. 901. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Early 
Childhood Education Professional Improve-ment Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 902. PURPOSE. 
The purpose of this title is to provide as-
sistance to States to improve the knowledge, credentials, compensation, and professional development of early childhood educators working with children in early childhood education programs. 
SEC. 903. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) The term ‘‘early childhood education 
program’’ means a Head Start Program car-ried out under the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9831 et seq.), a State-funded prekindergarten program, a licensed child care serving pre-kindergarten children, and special education preschool. 
(2) The term ‘‘institution of higher edu-
cation’’ has the meaning given the term in section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001(a)). 
SEC. 904. PROGRAM AUTHORIZED. 
The Secretary of Education, in consulta-
tion with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, is authorized to award grants to States to implement and admin-ister the activities described in section 906. 
SEC. 905. APPLICATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Each State desiring a 
grant under this title shall submit an appli-cation to the Secretary of Education at such time, in such manner, and accompanied by such information as the Secretary may rea-sonably require. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—Each application submitted 
under subsection (a) shall include a descrip-tion of the State’s comprehensive early 
childhood professional development system, including the following: 
(1) A description of how the State’s system 
was developed in collaboration with the State Advisory Council on Early Childhood Education and Care designated or estab-lished under section 642B of the Head Start Act, the State agency responsible for admin-istering childcare, the State Head Start col-laboration director, the State educational agency, institutions of higher education, or-ganizations that represent early childhood educators, and credible early childhood edu-cation professional organizations. 
(2) A designation of a State agency to ad-
minister the grant program. 
(3) A description of how the State’s system 
provides— 
(A) an oversight structure for the system; (B) professional standards and com-
petencies; 
(C) a career lattice; (D) coordination with State higher edu-
cation agencies, higher education accred-iting bodies, and accredited two- and four- year institutions of higher education; 
(E) encouragement of articulation agree-
ments between two- and four-year institu-tions of higher education and credit-bearing opportunities and articulation agreements that recognize prior learning and expertise; 
(F) more accessible higher education for 
working learners through offering of college courses at accessible time and locations, with particular attention to rural areas; 
(G) support to adult learners who are dual 
language learners, or come from low-income or minority communities; 
(H) use of workforce data to assess the 
State’s workforce needs; and 
(I) its financing over time. 
SEC. 906. STATE USE OF FUNDS. 
A State that receives a grant under this 
title shall ensure that grant funds are used to carry out the following: 
(1) To provide scholarships to cover the 
costs of tuition, fees, materials, transpor-tation, paid substitutes, and release time for preschool teachers employed in an early childhood education program to pursue a bachelor’s degree in early childhood edu-cation or a closely related field. 
(2) To support preschool teachers employed 
in an early childhood education program, and who have obtained a bachelor’s degree in a field other than early childhood education or a closely related field, to attain a creden-tial, licensure, or endorsement that dem-onstrates competence in early childhood education. 
(3) To increase compensation for teachers 
who are enrolled and making progress to-ward a degree in early childhood education and to provide parity of compensation upon completion of such degree and retention in the early childhood education program. 
(4) To provide ongoing professional devel-
opment opportunities to preschool teachers and teacher assistants employed in an early childhood education program that address— 
(A) all areas of child development and 
learning (cognitive, social, emotional, and physical); 
(B) teacher-child interaction; (C) family engagement; and (D) cultural competence for working with a 
diversity of children (including children with special needs and dual language learners) and families. 
SEC. 907. SUPPLEMENT NOT SUPPLANT. 
Grant funds provided under this title shall 
supplement, and not supplant, other Federal, State, and local funds that are available for early childhood educator preparation and professional development. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00131 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.162 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1298 February 26, 2015 
SEC. 908. MAINTENANCE OF EFFORT. 
A State that receives funds under this title 
for a fiscal year shall maintain the fiscal ef-fort provided by the State for the activities supported by the funds under this title at a level equal to or greater than the level of such fiscal effort for the preceding fiscal year. 
SEC. 909. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
There are authorized to be appropriated to 
carry out this title such sums as may be nec-essary for fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 125, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS) and a Mem-
ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Colorado. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, as the fa-
ther of a young boy that you had the opportunity to meet the other day in our Rules Committee, I have a par-ticular interest in quality early child-hood education. He is going to enter preschool this fall. I support universal preschool so every child in the country has the same kinds of opportunities that your child or my child has. 
I know that my friends on the other 
side of the aisle also recognize the tre-mendous importance of quality pre-school in this country. I also under-stand that they don’t necessarily sup-port the Democratic approach of a comprehensive Federal program for universal preschool. 
So what this amendment represents 
is a compromise, a modest step that would help States make the invest-ment in early childhood education that they want to make by authorizing—not appropriating money for—but author-izing the Department of Education to set up a grant program to incentivize State investments in quality early childhood education. 
I hope this is something we can all 
get behind. I urge my Republican col-leagues to see this amendment as a modest compromise approach to an issue that we need to move forward on. 
Investment in early childhood edu-
cation is the most important invest-ment we can make in the life of a child. I remember many years ago I chaired a high school reform commis-sion in the State of Colorado, and one of the first things that we concluded about how to improve the performance of high schools in our State was to im-prove the performance and make pre-school universally available—and then just wait 12 years and the high schools will look a whole lot better. 
Well, there is a lot of truth to that. 
We can lower the special education rate, lower the grade repetition rate. The most inexpensive place to address the achievement gaps is in early child-hood education. It only gets harder to succeed and more expensive as those gaps become more persistent across so-cioeconomic groups, across race, as the child ages. 
We need to invest in high-quality 
preschool programs, and this amend-ment provides the right incentives for the State to do it—not by a Federal ap-proach mandating preschool, but by 
simply saying we are here to be your partners and work with States to ex-pand access to high-quality preschool programs. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
the gentlewoman and the gentleman in her stead for this amendment, al-though I do oppose it. 
I think most of us agree that there is 
great value to early childhood edu-cation. That is why the underlying bill would allow States and schools to use funds allocated through both the local academic flexible grants and under title I to support pre-K programs. 
As I know the gentleman knows, we 
already spend—the Federal Govern-ment—over $13 billion a year in pre-K programs. The premier program, which is Head Start, spends over $8 billion a year. And I think we should con-centrate on getting those right instead of creating yet another new, massive program that would simply compete with other programs for scarce tax-payer resources. 
So while this is somewhat duplica-
tive, another large program, I appre-ciate the gentleman’s passion for pre-K learning. But, unfortunately, because we don’t, in my judgment, need yet an-other new program when we haven’t properly evaluated existing programs, I oppose this amendment. 
I urge my colleagues to oppose the 
amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
b2230 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Vir-ginia (Mr. S
COTT), the ranking member 
of the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-
man, I thank the gentleman for yield-ing. 
Early childhood education programs 
have been studied. Those high-quality programs increase achievement, in-crease the graduation rates, increase future employment, decrease crime, de-crease teen pregnancy, and, in the long term, save more money than they cost. 
This amendment will help improve 
early childhood education and there-fore is a meaningful improvement in the bill, and I would hope we would adopt this. It provides for professional improvement, a great improvement in early childhood education. 
Since it has been studied and so suc-
cessful, I would hope we would adopt the amendment. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself the remainder of the time. 
Mr. Chairman, studies have shown 
that for every dollar invested in qual-ity early childhood education, it can actually save $7 to $9 of taxpayer 
money over the lifetime of that child in schools over the next 12 years. That is an actual savings. If we were to score this in an accurate way, on a 10-year basis, the investment in quality pre-school would save money. 
Like the gentleman from Minnesota, 
of course I am interested in improving Head Start and building upon it, but this is a different and broader approach than Head Start. This program impacts middle class communities who also stand to benefit from quality early childhood education that often they can’t afford on their own dime. 
Now, what we need is a targeted ap-
proach, and that is really the crucial difference between this amendment and the existing program. The need for a unique approach to preschool has been recognized across the Nation. 
It is time for the Federal Govern-
ment to recognize what States and dis-tricts are crying out for. It is time to address the need for high-quality early childhood education in a dedicated and comprehensive way, and that is what this amendment does. 
By investing in early childhood, we 
can prevent learning gaps from arising before they arise. We can reduce the need for special education and IDEA, and we can save money by reducing youth adjudication rates, grade repeti-tion rates, and other costly interven-tions that are necessary if children don’t have that opportunity when they are 3 or 4 years old. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ 
on the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Chairman, listening 
to my friend from Colorado talking about how great this program would be, I was thinking about, over the years, how do you get to 80 programs in the Federal K–12 program and get mul-tiple pre-K programs for child care and child education? It is because, year after year, Members of Congress have stood up and talked about how wonder-ful things were going to be, how much money we were going to save, how much brighter the kids would be if we just had this one more program. And so it grows, and so it grows. 
Again, the thrust of this legislation 
is to look at the programs we already have, to make the most of them and, in the underlying bill, the Student Suc-cess Act, to give the maximum amount of flexibility to local school super-intendents and school boards so they can put the resources where they need them. 
So I must continue to oppose the 
gentleman—or the gentlewoman’s amendment. I think you were subbing for Ms. M
ENG, perhaps. I am not sure. I 
ask my colleagues to oppose it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00132 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.076 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1299 February 26, 2015 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I demand 
a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado will be postponed. 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Chairman, I move 
that the Committee do now rise. 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. K
LINE) having assumed the chair, Mr. 
COLLINS of Georgia, Acting Chair of the 
Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consider-ation the bill (H.R. 5) to support State and local accountability for public edu-cation, protect State and local author-ity, inform parents of the performance of their children’s schools, and for other purposes, had come to no resolu-tion thereon. COMMUNICATION FROM CHAIR OF 
COMMITTEE ON TRANSPOR-TATION AND INFRASTRUCTURE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Chair of the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infra-structure; which was read and, without objection, referred to the Committee on Appropriations: 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND  
INFRASTRUCTURE , 
Washington, DC, February 12, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNBOEHNER , 
Speaker of the House, House of Representatives, 
The Capitol, Washington, DC. 
DEARMR. SPEAKER : On February 12, 2015, 
pursuant to section 3307 of Title 40, United States Code, the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure met in open ses-sion to consider resolutions to authorize 12 prospectuses, including three alteration projects and nine leases included in the Gen-eral Services Administration’s FY2015 Cap-ital Investment and Leasing Program. 
Our Committee continues to work to cut 
waste and the cost of federal property and leases. The resolutions include projects that will reduce space, support consolidations into Government-owned facilities, and ad-dress life safety deficiencies. The space re-
ductions and consolidations will result in $111 million in avoided lease costs. All the projects approved are within amounts in-cluded in the relevant appropriations bills. 
I have enclosed copies of the resolutions 
adopted by the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure on February 12, 2015. 
Sincerely, 
B
ILLSHUSTER , 
Chairman. 
Enclosures. 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
ALTERATION —ENERGY AND WATER RETROFIT  
AND CONSERVATION MEASURES PROGRAM , 
VARIOUS BUILDINGS  
Resolved by the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, 
appropriations are authorized for repairs and alterations to implement energy and water retrofit and conservation measures, as well as high performance energy projects, in Gov-ernment-owned buildings during fiscal year 2015 at a total cost of $5,000,000, a prospectus, as amended by this resolution, for which is attached to and included in this resolution. 
Provided, that the General Services Admin-
istration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolu-tion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00133 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.166 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1300 February 26, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00134 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.078 H26FEPT1
Insert offset folio 1431/2 here EH26FE15.001SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEPBS 
I•I~OSI)I~CTliS- AL'fi~RATION 
I~NI~R<~Y ANI> WATJl:l~ IUI;TitOFIT ANUCONSEitVATION MEASllltRS I•Jt()(;RAM 
VAIUOllS tnfiLDIN(;S 
Prospectus Number: J>EW -0001-MU 15 
fi'Y2015 Project Summaty 
GSA proposes the implementation nf energy and water rctmlit and conservation measures, as 
well as high performance energy projects, in Government-owned buildings during fiscal year 
2015. 
FV2015 Committee Approval and Appropriation Requested ............................. $40,000,000 
J•rogram Summary 
GSA proposes the implementation or energy and water retrofit and conservation measures in 
Government-owned buildings during fiscal year 2015. 
The Energy and Water Conservation Measures Program is designed to reduce on-site energy 
consumption through building alteration projects or retrofits of existing buildings systems. 
These projects arc an important part of GSA's approach to reducing energy consumption in the 
existing inventory to reach mandated percentage !'eduction goals through 2015. 
Projects in Federal buildings throughout the country are currently being identified through 
surveys and studies. The projects to be funded will have poshivc savings-to-investment ratios, 
wiH provide reasonable payback periods that reflect GSA's priority of being a green proving 
ground of next generation technologies, and may generate rebates and saving from utility 
companies and incentives from grid operators. Projects will vary in size, by location, and by 
delivery method. 
This prospectus requests approval for proposed projects involving energy and water retrofit 
work, geothermal and other High Perfonnance Green Building retrofit work, as well as 
design/construction work for new facilities that incorporate these technologies. The projects 
contained in this prospectus are for a diverse set of design and retrofit projects with engineering 
solutions to reduce energy or water consumption and/or costs. 
Projects will vary in size by location and by delivery method. Typical projects include the 
following: 
• Upgrading heating, ventilating, and air·conditioning (HV AC) systems with new. high 
efficiency systems including the installation of energy management control systems. 
• Altering constant volume air distribution systems to variable air flow systems by the 
addition of variable air flow boxes, fan volume control dampers, and related climatic 
controls. 
1 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1301 February 26, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00135 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.078 H26FEPT1
Insert offset folio 1431/3 here EH26FE15.002SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEPBS 
PltOSI,ECTUS -ALTERATION 
F:NERC;v ANI> WATER RF:TROFIT AND CONSERVATION MEASURES PROGRAM 
VARIOUS Bl!ILDINGS 
Prospectus Number: PEW-0001-MU15 
• Installing building automation control systems, such as night setback thermostats and 
time clocks, to control IIV AC systems. 
• Installing automatic occupancy light controls, lighting fixture modifications, and 
associated wiring to reduce the electrical consumption per square foot through the use of 
higher cflicicncy lumps and usc of non-unifom1 task lighting design. 
• Installing new or modifying existing temperature control systems. 
• Replacing electrical motors with multi-speed or variable-speed motors. 
• Insulating roof.'l, pipes, HVAC duct work, and mechanical equipment. 
• lnsta!Jing and caulking storm windows and doors to prevent the passage of air and 
moisture into the building envelope. 
• Providing advanced metering projects which enable building managers to better monitor 
and optimize energy performance. 
• Providing and implementing water conservation projects. 
• Providing renewable projects including photovoltaic systems, solar hot water systems, 
and wind turbines. 
• Providing distributed generation systems. 
01 Drilling to install vertical and horizontal geothermal loops. 
• Installing heat pumps and other types of geothermal equipment. 
• Installing building insulation and seals to enhance equipment performance and reduce the 
size and energy consumption of geothermal and other energy-efficient equipment. 
• Installing wastewater recycling processes for use on lawns, in toilets, and for washing 
cars. 
• Insulating roofs, pipes, HV AC duct work, and mechanical equipment. 
2 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1302 February 26, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00136 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.078 H26FEPT1
Insert offset folio 1431/4 here EH26FE15.003SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEPllS 
PROSPECTlJS -ALTERATION 
ENJ!~RGY ANI) WATER RETROFIT AND CONSERVATION MEASURES PI{O(;Jl,AM 
VARIOt:s BUILI)IN(;S 
Prospectus Number: PEW-000l-MU15 
.Justification 
The Energy Policy Act of2005 (Public Law 109~58) required a 2 percent energy usage reduction 
as measured in BTll/GSF per year from 2006 through 2015 over a 2003 baseline. Guidance 
issued by the Department of Energy pursuant to this requirement states that savings anticipated 
from advanced metering can range from 2 to 45 percent annually when used in combination with 
continuous commissioning efforts. Executive Order 13423, Strengthening Federal 
Environmental, Energy, and Transportation Management concerning energy consumption 
reduction, was incorporated into Jaw as the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 
(EISA). Both increased the energy reduction mandates 1o 3 percent per year, and the Executive 
Order also established a water reduction mandate of2 percent per year based on a 2007 baseline 
as measured in galfons/gsf. 
By the year 2015, all Federal agencies are directed to reduce overall energy use in buildings they 
operate by 30 percent from 2003 levels and reduce overall water usc by 16 percent from 2007 
levels. Increased energy and water efficiency in buildings and operations will require capital 
investment for changes and modifications to physical systems which consume energy and water, 
as well as other high perfom1ance green building initiatives and infi·astructure designs and 
retrofits. 
In addition, EISA included provisions that exceed the requirements of the Energy Policy Act of 
2005. One such long-term requirement is to eliminate fossil fuel-generated energy consumption 
in new and renovated Federal buildings by FY 2030 by achieving targeted reductions beginning 
with projects designed in FY 2010. Other shorter-term measures include increasing the use of 
solar hot water heating (to 30 percent); instaHation of advanced meters for steam and gas 
(previously only electricity was covered); and broader application of energy efficiency in all 
major renovations. 
Approval of this FY 2015 request will enable GSA to continue to provide leadership in 
energy/water conservation and efficiency to both the public and private sectors. 
F¥201 S Committee Approval and Appropriation Requested ............................. $40,000,000 
3 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1303 February 26, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00137 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.078 H26FEPT1
Insert offset folio 1431/5 here EH26FE15.004SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA PUS 
t•ROSt•EC'fl;S -ALTEI{A TION 
ENii:R(;y ANI> WATJ<:R I{ETROJ<~IT ANI> CONSERVATION MRASllRES PROGRAM 
VARIOt:s tn:tLOIN(;S 
Prospectus Number: PEW-0001-Mlll.S 
Certification of Need 
lt has been determined that the practical solution to achieving the identified building energy and 
water management goals is to proceed with the energy and water retrofit and conservation work 
indicated above. 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on __ .=.:Mctr=ch~...:=6:.!..,.....:2:::.;0::..:1:..:4:__ ________ ~----
Recommended: \Q t}rf) 
Approved: --~uL~--------·---Adrninistrator, General Services Administration 
4 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1304 February 26, 2015 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
ALTERATION —PHILLIP BURTON FEDERAL BUILD -
I N G&U .S. COURTHOUSE , SAN FRANCISCO , CA 
Resolved by the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, 
appropriations are authorized for repairs and alterations to upgrade several building sys-tems and reconfigure existing space at the Phillip Burton Federal Building & U.S. 
Courthouse located in the Civic Center area in San Francisco, California to replace the roof and associated support structure ele-ments, cold and hot water risers, window film, and the extension of external air-in-
takes and to build-out and backfill approxi-mately 15,000 square feet of vacant space to move the U.S. Bankruptcy Court from leased space, at a design cost of $2,000,000, an esti-mated construction cost of $25,000,000 and a 
management and inspection cost of $2,000,000 for a total estimated project cost of $29,000,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. 
Provided, that the General Services Admin-
istration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolu-
tion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00138 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.079 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1305 February 26, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00139 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.079 H26FEPT1
Insert offset folio 1431/7 here EH26FE15.005SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS- ALTERATION 
PHILLIP BURTON FEDERAL BUILDING & U.S. COURTHOUSE 
SAN FRANCISCO, CA 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District: 
FY2015 Project Summary PBS 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a repair and alteration project to 
upgrade several building systems and reconfigure existing space at the PhiHip Burton 
Federal Building & U.S. Courthouse (Phillip Bmton). The project will include 
replacement of the roof and associated support structure elements, cold and hot water 
risers, window film, and the extension of extemal air-intakes. The project also includes 
the buildout and backfill of approximately 15,000 square feet of vacant space for the U.S. 
Bankruptcy Court that will relocate from leased space to Phillip Burton, resulting in a 
reduction of annual lease payments to the private sector of approximately $1.8 miUion 
annually. 
FY2015 Committee Approval and Appropriation. Requested 
(Design, ECC, M&l) .......... + .............................................................................. $29,000,000 
Major Work Items 
Building Demolition/Sitework; Exterior Construction; Repair/Replace Plumbing; 
Repair/Replace Roof; Interior Construction; Repair/Replace HV AC; Repair/Replace 
Electrical; and Repair/Replace Fire Protection and Life Safety 
Project Budget 
Design ........................................................................................................... $2,000,000 
Estimated Construction Cost (ECC) ............................................................ $25,000,000 
Management and Inspection (M&I) ............................................................... $2,000,000 
Estimated Total Project Cost {ETPC)* .......................................................... $l9,000,000 
*Tenant agencies may fund an additional amount for alterations above the standard 
nonnally provided by the GSA. 
Schedule 
Design 
Construction Start 
FY2015 
FY2016 End 
F¥2016 
FY2017 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1306 February 26, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00140 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.079 H26FEPT1
Insert offset folio 1431/8 here EH26FE15.006SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION 
PHILLIP BURTON FEDERAL BUILDING & U.S. COURTHOUSE 
SAN FRANCISCO, CA 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District: 
Building PCA-0154-SFIS 
12 
The Phillip Burton Federal Building and United States Courthouse is located in the Civic 
Center area of San Francisco and is the largest Federal building in the San Francisco 
metropolitan area. Constructed in 1964, the building consists of 22 stories above ground 
with two underground levels of parking. Situated on 2.6 acres of land area, the building 
has approximately 1,244,600 rentable square feet with 236 underground parking spaces. 
The building is rectangular in shape and sheathed in an aluminum and glass exterior with 
a limestone and granite stone facade over concrete walls and columns. The building was 
renovated from 1989 through 1995 for asbestos removal and tenant space changes. The 
front plaza was redesigned and reconstructed in 2000. A new main entry project to 
enhance the security and first impressions of the building was completed in December 
2005. 
Tenant Agencies 
Judiciary -Public Defender, U.S. District Courts, Circuit Libraries, District Judge 
Courtrooms, Magistrate Judge Chambers, District Clerk, Probation, Pretrial Services; 
Justice Department- Antitrust Division, Civil Division, Federal Bureau of Investigation, 
U.S. Marshals Service, Drug Enforcement Agency, Office of U.S. Attorneys, Bureau of 
Alcohol, Tobacco & Firearms; U.S. Postal Service, Treasury Department -Intema1 
Revenue Service, U.S. Tax Court; General Services Administration -Regional Public 
Buildings Service and Field Office, Federal Acquisition Service; Department of 
Homeland Security- Transportation Security Agency, National Protection and Programs 
Directorate FPS. 
2 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1307 February 26, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00141 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.079 H26FEPT1
Insert offset folio 1431/9 here EH26FE15.007SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION 
PHILLIP BURTON FEDERAL BUILDING & U.S. COURTHOUSE 
SAN FRANCISCO, CA 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional Distlict: 
Proeosed Project 
The proposed project will replace and repair some of the critical infrastructure systems in 
the building. The roof and associated support structure, cold and hot water risers, window 
film, and the extemal air intakes will be replaced or upgraded. In addition, the project 
will decrease building vacancy and provide the necessary tenant improvements necessary 
for the US Bankruptcy Comt to relocate from leased space. When complete the project 
will save the taxpayer approximately $1.8 million annually1 
Major Work Items 
Bui1ding Demo1ition!Sitework 
Exterior Construction 
Repair/Replace Plumbing 
Repair/Replace Roof 
Repair/Replace Interior Construction 
Repair/Replace HVAC 
Repair/Replace Electrical 
RepahiReplace Fire Protection and Life Safety 
TotaiECC 
Justification $8,899,000 
$7,529,000 
$2,955,000 
$2,385,000 
$1,023,000 
$980,000 
$928,000 
S300,000 
$25,000,000 
Many of the building's systems and infrastructure are substantially beyond their useful 
life and showing signs of failure. These improvements will address water intrusion, 
health and life safety, and tenant comfort issues within the building. The project will also 
decrease building vacancy by relocating the U.S. Bankruptcy Court from leased space to 
Phillip Burton saving the taxpayer approximately $1.8 million mmually. 
The air intake portion of this project improves the buildh1g security by raising the outside 
air intalces on this facility above their current grade level locations. 
The infrastructure work items (roof, liser, and solar film replacements) have reached the 
end of their design life. Defen·ed maintenance of these items could potentially lead to 
greater replacement costs in the future and the potential to negatively impact other 
building elements, 
1 Tite entire lease costs tor the Judiciary at 235 Pine Street, San Francisco, CA are approximately$! .8 
million annually. Part of this requirement will move to Phillip Burton prior to project completion. 
3 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1308 February 26, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00142 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.079 H26FEPT1
Insert offset folio 1431/10 here EH26FE15.008SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION 
PHILLIP BURTON FEDERAL BUILDING & U.S. COURTHOUSE 
SAN FRANCISCO, CA 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District: 
Summary of Energy Comp~ance PCA-0154-SFI 5 
12 
This project will be designed to confonn to requirements of the Facilities Standards for 
the Public Buildings Service and will implement strategies to meet the 
Guiding Principles 
for High Perfonnance and Sustainable Buildings. GSA encourages design opportunities 
to increase energy and water efficiency above the minimum perfonnance criteria. 
Prior Appropriations 
None 
Prior Committee Approvals 
None 
Prior Prospectus-Level Projects in Building (past 10 years) 
None 
Alternatives Considered {30-year. present value cost analysis) 
There are no feasible alternatives to this project. This is a limited scope renovation and 
alteration project. The cost of the proposed project is far less than the cost of leasing or 
constructing a new building. 
Recommendation 
ALTERATION 
4 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1309 February 26, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00143 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.079 H26FEPT1
Insert offset folio 1431/11 here EH26FE15.009SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION 
PHILLIP BURTON FEDERAL BUILDING & U.S. COURTHOUSE 
SAN FRANCISCO, CA PBS 
··Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District: PCA~Oi 54-SF15 
12 
Certification of Need 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
Recommended: 
Approved: 
5 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1310 February 26, 2015 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
ALTERATION —HART -DOLE -INOUYE FEDERAL  
CENTER , BATTLE CREEK , MI 
Resolved by the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, 
appropriations are authorized for repairs and alterations to upgrade components of the fire and life safety systems at the Hart-Dole- Inouye Federal Center located in Battle 
Creek, Michigan to improve the life safety condition of the facility by replacement of components of the fire alarm and smoke de-tection systems, restoration of fire separa-tion in the tunnels that connect multiple 
buildings, elevator recall and air handling unit shutdown, and repairs to the fire sup-pression system and abatement of hazardous materials, at a design cost of $986,000, an es-timated construction cost of $9,222,000 and a 
management and inspection cost of $989,000 for a total estimated project cost of $11,197,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. 
Provided, that the General Services Admin-
istration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolu-
tion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00144 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.079 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1311 February 26, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00145 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.079 H26FEPT1
Insert offset folio 1431/13 here EH26FE15.010SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEI)ROSI'ECTllS- ALTERATION 
J-IART-I>OLE-INOlJYR J!~EDERAL CENTER 
BATTLE CREEK, Ml 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District: 
FY2015 Project Summnry PMI-050 1-BA 15 
} 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a repair and alteration project to 
upgrade components of the lire and tile safety systems at the Hart-Dolc-Inouye Federal 
Center in Battle Creek, MI. Alterations to improve the life safety condition of the facility 
involve replacement of' components of the fire alarm and smoke detection systems; 
restoration of fire separation in the tunnels that connect multiple buildings, elevator recall 
and air handling unit shutdown~ repairs to the fire suppression system and abatement of 
h<.ii'.ardous materials. 
This project was among those previously included in GSA's FY 2013 Capital Investment 
and Leasing Program's Exigent Needs prospectus. Alihough the prospectus was 
approved by the Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works and the House 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure on July 24,2012, and February 28,2013, 
respectively, no funds were ever appropriated. GSA will not seek to have the Exigent 
Needs prospectus funded in the aggregate. Instead, the agency will seek individual 
prospectus approval and funding for certain of the projects originally included as part of 
the Exigent Needs prospectus, such as the work described in this prospectus. 
For FY 2015, this prospectus proposes repairs and alterations to the Hart-Doyle-Inouye 
Federal Center at a total cost of$11,197,000. 
FY2015 Committee Approval and Appropriation Reguested 
(Design, ECC, M&I) ............................................................................................. $1 1,197,000 
Major Work Items 
Fire and life safety systems upgrades 
Project Budget 
Design ......................................................................................................... $ 986,000 
Estimated Construction Cost (ECC) ................................................................ 9,222,000 
Management and Inspection (M&I).............................................................. 989,000 
Estimated Total Project Cost (ETPC) ............................................................ $11,197,000 
*Tenant agencies may fund an additional amount for alterations above the standard 
normally provided by the GSA. 
1 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1312 February 26, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00146 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.079 H26FEPT1
Insert offset folio 1431/14 here EH26FE15.011SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
Schedule PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION 
HART-DOLE-INOVYE FEDERAL CENTEI~ 
BATTLE CREEK, Ml 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District: 
Start 
Design and Construction FY2015 
Building PBS 
PMl-0501-BAlS 
3 
End 
FY2017 
The Ilart-Dolc-Inouye Federal Center is a campus of 21 buildings with a total of 
approximately 800,000 rentable square feet of space primarily occupied by the 
Department of Defense, Defense Logistics Agency. The buildings are located on 
approximately 25 acres of land northwest of the central business district of Battle Creek. 
Four buildings were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976 and an 
additional fourteen buildings were listed in 2012. The remaining three buildings were 
evaluated and are not eligible to be listed. 
The complex was originally opened in 1866 as the Westem Health Reform Institute by 
the Seventh-Day Adventist Church. The original structure was destroyed by a fire in 
1902. The next year, the facility was rebuilt and enlarged, and renamed the Battle Creek 
Sanitariwn. In 1942, the U.S. Army purchased the complex and renan1ed it the Percy 
Jones Army Hospital after an anny surgeon who served during World War I. The Percy 
Jones Army Hospital closed its doors in 1953. fn 1959, the U.S. General Services 
Administration changed the name of the facility to the Battle Creek Federal Center since 
it provided office space for a variety of federal agencies. The facility was re-designated 
through FPMR Bulletin 2003-Bl as the Hart-Dole-Inouye Federal Center on March 3L 
2003 in honor of three U.S. Senators, Philip Hart, Robert Dole, and Daniel Inouye. 
Tenant Agencies 
Department of Defense -Defense Logistics Agency; Department of Homeland Security 
Federal Protective Service; GSA Public Buildings Service; Anned Forces Recruiting; 
Department of Labor 
Proposed Project 
GSA is proposing life safety upgrades in 15 out of the 21 buildings. The remaining 
buildings are small support structW'es that do not require life safety upgrades. The 
project will replace components of the fire alarm and smoke detection systems, the 
addition of strobes to provide a visible alert to the hearing impaired and upgrades to the 
elevators for firefighter recall. Automatic shutdown will be added to the air handling 
units. Fire separations in the tunnels that connect multiple buildings in the facility will be 
2 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1313 February 26, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00147 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.079 H26FEPT1
Insert offset folio 1431/15 here EH26FE15.012SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTllS- ALTERATION 
HART-OOLE-INOlJYE FEDERAL CENTER 
BATTLfi: CREEK, Ml 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District: PBS 
PMI-0501-BAIS 
3 
restored. The project also includes repairs to the existing fire suppression system and 
extension of its coverage to high risk areas that are not cunently protected. Hazardous 
materials that directly impact the project will be abated. 
Maior Work Items 
Fire and Life Safety Systems Upgrades 
TotaiECC 
Justification $9,222,000 
$9,222,000 
The facility's fire alarm backbone was modernized in 2009; however, peripheral fire 
afann devices were not replaced and are beyond their useful lives. Most of the devices 
were installed in the mid-1990s and are not compliant with current code. There are 
currently no strobes on the notification devices to alert the hearing impaired. Elevators do 
not have firefighter recall and automatic shutdown is Jacking on many air handling units. 
The existing fire doors in the tunnels that connect multiple buildings are inoperable and 
do not provide adequate fire separation as required by code. Fire sprinklers do not extend 
into all critical areas of the facility. Some existing fire sprinklers are failing and 
unreliable. 
Summary of Energy Compliance 
This project will be designed to conform to requirements of the Facilities Standards for 
the Public Buildings Service and will implement strategies to meet the Guiding Principles 
for High Perfonnance and Sustainable Buildings. GSA encourages design opportunities 
to increase energy and water efficiency above the minimum performance criteria. 
Prior Appropriations 
None 
3 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1314 February 26, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00148 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.079 H26FEPT1
Insert offset folio 1431/16 here EH26FE15.013SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
I)ROSPECTllS -ALTERATION 
I-IART-I>OLI!>INOliVE FEDERAL CENTER 
BATTLE CREEK, Ml 
Prospectus Number: 
( 'ongn::ssionul District: 
l)rior Committee Approvals 
Prior Committee Approvals* 
Committee Date Amount PBS 
I)Ml-0501-BAI S 
3 
Purpose 
Senate EPW 7/25/2012 $5,013,000 Exigent Needs-Fire Alarm 
flousc T&l 2/28/2013 $5,013,000 Exigent Needs -fire Alarm 
*Included m the FY 2013 Exigent Needs Prospectus PEX-00001 approved for 
$122,936,000 
Prior Prospectus-Level Projects in Building (past l 0 years) 
None 
Alternatives Considered (30-year, present value cost analysis) 
There arc no feasible alternatives to this project. This is a limited scope renovation and 
the cost of the proposed project is far less than the cost of leasing or constructing a new 
building. 
Recommendation 
ALTERATION 
4 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1315 February 26, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00149 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.079 H26FEPT1
Insert offset folio 1431/17 here EH26FE15.014SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
I)ROSI'ECTliS- AL TEI~ATION 
JIAI-tT-I>OLR-INOliVI~ fi'fi:HERAL CENTRI~ 
llATTLE CIU~EK. Ml 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District: 
Ccrtific~tfion of Need PMI-050 l-B/\ 15 
1 
The proposed project is the best f>olution to meet a vulidatcd Government need. 
Submitted a! Washington, DC. on March 6. 2014 
Recommended: /o",,,, // -) 
( \~;r. 6 r{ '-td. --. . --
Approved: ~ )___} ----·0·-·----·-· Administrator, Genet 
5 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1316 February 26, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00150 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.079 H26FEPT1
Insert offset folio 1431/18 here EH26FE15.015SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEMan H4 
Building l 
DOD Defense Logistics Agency 
Joint Usc 
Vacant Buildim! lA 
DHS National Protection & Programs l)irectorate FPS 
DOD Defense Loszistics Agency 
Joint Usc 
Vacant Building:Z USA DEPT-Armed Forces Recruiting 
LABOR DEPT-Office Of Apprenticeship (OA) 
DHS National Protection & Programs Directorate FPS 
GSA -Public Buildings Service, Field Offices 
GSA -Outlcascd -Historic Buildings 
DOD Defense Logistics A<>cncv 
Joint Use 
Vacant Building2A DOD Defense Logistics Agency 
Joint Use 
Vacant Building28 GSA -Public Buildings Sct'vice -FBI' 
DOD Defense Logistics Agency 
Joint Usc 
Vacant Bulldinl!2C GSA-Outleased -Historic BuildinRs 
DOD Defense Logistics Agency 
Joint Use 
Vacant Building4 DOD Defense Logistics Agency 
Joint Use 
Vacant Buildine:4A DOD Defense Logistics Agency 
Joint Use 
Vacant Buildlne::Z8 DOD Defense Logistics Agency 
Joint Use ·--········--Personnel 
Office Total 
699 699 -
--
4 4 
!50 150 
--
--
3 3 
I 1 
4 4 
4 22 
2 2 
494 494 
--
-
197 !97 
--
--
1 l 
I I 
--
--
6 6 
105 105 
--
--
4 4 
--
--
2 2 
--
--
--Hm., ..• g Plan 
Hart-Dole-Inouye Federal Center 
CURRENT Usable Square Feet (USF}' 
Office Stora~<tc Special Total 
158,915 1,057 6,549 !66,521 
272 898 1.170 
----
1,879 -110 1,989 
30,206 418 8,816 39,440 
3,372 -20,679 24.051 
----
749 --749 
400 --400 
806 -806 
2,035 --2,035 
146 --146 
116,389 539 9,285 126,213 
8,505 -4,2I9 12,724 
597 --597 
32,480 -966 33.446 
----
----
347 --347 
4,914 1!9 7-390 12,423 
----
----
877 -387 1,264 
24,140 406 5,654 30,200 
----
--656 656 
-18.906 359 19,265 
----
- ---
475 8,287 -8,762 
----
- ---
4,130 --4.130 
---__ _::__.__ _;:_ ---PersOJmel 
Office Total 
699 699 
--
--
4 4 
150 150 
--
--
3 3 
1 I 
4 4 
4 22 
2 2 
494 494 
--
--
197 I97 
--
--
I I 
1 1 
6 6 
105 105 
--
--
4 4 
--
--
2 2 
--
--
--
--PMI-u~Ol·BA15 Battle Creek, MI 
PROPOSED Usable Souare Feet (USF) 
Office Storage Soecial 
158.915 1.057 6549 
272 -898 
---
1,879 -110 
30,206 418 8,816 
3,372 -20,679 
---
749 --
400 --
806 --
2,035 --
146 --
116.389 539 9,285 
8.505 -4,219 
597 --
32.480 -966 
---
---
347 --
4,914 !19 7,390 
---
---
877 -387 
24,140 406 5,654 
---
--656 
-18.906 359 
----
-
475 8.287 -
---
---
4.130 --
--Total 166,521 U70 -
1,989 39,440 24.051 -
749 400 806 
2.035 146 
126,213 12.724 597 
33,446 --I 
347 
12.423 -
1,264 30.200 -
656 
19.265 --
8,762 --
4.!30 -
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1317 February 26, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00151 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.079 H26FEPT1
Insert offset folio 1431/19 here EH26FE15.016SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Man 114 
Vacant . . 
BuildinglB 
DHS National Protection & Programs Directorate fPS 65 65 
DOD Defense Logistics Agency . . 
Joint Use --
Vacant --
Cltildcare Center 
Joint Use 32 32 
Vacant . . 
Buildings S-8 20, 22* 
Building23* 
Vacant --
BuildiR!!; 24, 30 31 * 
Total l 774 1,792 
*Buildings are suppol't buildi11g that have 110 f./SF, hut It ave RSF. Hoti.y ...• g Plan 
Hart-Dole- Inouye Federal Center 
. -. 
3,230 1,157 4,083 
3,048 1!,{)54 4,275 
. -. 
. -. 
2,654 -6,760 
. . . 
143 . -
400709 41943 81,086 . --
8,470 65 65 
18,377 . . 
. . . 
---
9,414 32 32 
. --
143 -. 
523 738 1,774 1,792 . 
3,230 
3,048 . . 
2,654 
. 
143 
400,709 PMl-0501-BAlS 
Battle Creek, l\lll 
-. 
1.157 4,083 
11,054 4,275 
--. -
. 6,760 
--
41943 81086 
1'he S<'<lfU! cmd C<H'ts tl~:·;<n·iuted with tltis project are building system(s) mu/fpr inji'<J,'ilrt<CIJu·e tfrivt!n. lW.ftuuliu~ is ,f,uJit.·utf.!ti w aud the proj:Jcllurs JW bll[Jll<'t on tnwnt ;vmcc or spuce utili::.atiou. 
Office Utilization Rat<? 
Build!t>_g_Q_fti~c Tenants 
Total Building USF Rate 3 
Current 
All Building Tenants 292 
NOTES: Proposed 
176 
Proposed 
292 Current Office UR excludes 88,156 usf of office support space. 
Proposed Office UR excludes 87 ,490usf of office support space 
' USF means the pottion of the building available for use by a tenant's personnel and furnishings and space available jointly to the occupants of the building. 
2 Office Utilization Rate= total office space available for ofticc personnel. UR calculation excludes office support space USF. 
"Total Building USF Rate= total building USF (office, storage, special) available for all building oceupants (office, "":d non-office personnel). Special Space 
Conference 
Food Service 
ADP 
Physical Fitness 
Child Care 
Private Restroom 
Laboratory 
Health Unit 
Vault 
Total -I 
' 
8,470 i 
!8,377 -. 
9,414 
-
143 
523 738 
USF 
26,868 
23,'ll7 
14,989 
6,964 
4.685 
2,842 
385 
326 
110 
. ---· ~t&l!<i 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1318 February 26, 2015 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
LEASE —DRUG ENFORCEMENT ADMINISTRATION , 
SAN DIEGO , CA 
Resolved by the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, 
appropriations are authorized for a replace-ment lease of up to 105,000 rentable square feet of space, including 245 official parking spaces, for the Drug Enforcement Adminis-tration currently located at 4560 Viewridge Avenue, San Diego, California, at a proposed total annual cost of $4,124,723 for a lease term of up to 15 years, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolu-tion. 
Approval of this prospectus constitutes au-
thority to execute an interim lease for all tenants, if necessary, prior to the execution 
of the new lease. 
Provided that, the Administrator of General 
Services and tenant agencies agree to apply an overall utilization rate of 214 square feet or less per person. 
Provided that, except for interim leases as 
described above, the Administrator may not enter into any leases that are below pro-spectus level for the purposes of meeting any of the requirements, or portions thereof, in-cluded in the prospectus that would result in an overall utilization rate of 214 square feet or higher per person. 
Provided that, to the maximum extent 
practicable, the Administrator shall include in the lease contract(s) a purchase option that can be exercised at the conclusion of the firm term of the lease. Provided further, that the Administrator 
shall require that the delineated area of the procurement is identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, except that, 
if the Administrator determines that the de-lineated area of the procurement should not be identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, the Administrator shall provide an explanatory statement to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives prior to exercising any lease authority pro-vided in this resolution. 
Provided further, that the General Services 
Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00152 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.080 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1319 February 26, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00153 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.080 H26FEPT1
Insert offset folio 1431/21 here EH26FE15.017SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEI GSA 
PROSPECTUS- LEASE 
DRUG ENFORCEMENT ADMINISTRATION 
SAN DIEGO, CA PBS 
Prospectus Number: PCA-01-SDlS 
Congressional District: 53 
Executive Summan::: 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a replacement lease of up to 105,000 
rentable square feet (RSF) of space for the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA), currently 
located at 4560 Viewridge Avenue, San Diego, CA. 
The DEA occupies the entire building under one lease that will expire May 31, 2016. The 
replacement lease will provide continued housing for DBA and will maintain DEA's office and 
overall utilization rates of 103 usable square feet (USF) per person and 214 usf per person, 
respectively. 
Description 
Occupant: 
Lease Type 
Current Rentable Square Feet (RSF) 
Proposed Maximum RSF: 
Expansion/Reduction RSF1: 
Current Usable Square Feet/Person: 
Proposed Usable Square Feet/Person: 
Proposed Maximum Leasing Authority: 
Expiration Dates of Current Lease(s): 
Delineated Area: 
Number of Official Parking Spaces: 
Scoring: 
Maximum Proposed Rental Rate2 
Proposed Total Annual Cost3: Drug Enforcement Agency 
Replacement 
100,603 (Current RSF/USF = 1.15) 
105,000 (Proposed RSF/USF = 1.20) 
0 
214 
214 
15 years 
5/31/2016 
North: Clairemont Mesa Blvd. 
South: Friars Road 
East: Interstate 15 
West: Interstate 5 
245 Structured 
Operating Lease 
$41 perRSF 
$4,124,723 
The RSFIUSF at the current location is approximately L 15. However, to maximize competition a RSFIUSF ratio 
of 1.2 is used for the proposed maximum RSF as indicated in the housing plan. 
2 This estimate is for fiscal year 2016 and may be escalated by 2.0 percent armually to the effective date of the lease 
to account for inflation. The proposed rental rate is fully serviced including all operating expenses whether paid by 
the lessor or directly by the Government. GSA will conduct the procurement using prevailing market rental rates as 
a benchmark for the evaluation of competitive offers and as a basis for negotiating with offerors to ensure that lease 
award is made in the best interest of the govermnent. Lease award shall not exceed the maximum rental rate as 
specified in this prospectus. 
3 New leases may contain an escalation clause to provide for armual changes in real estate taxes and operating costs. 
1 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1320 February 26, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00154 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.080 H26FEPT1
Insert offset folio 1431/22 here EH26FE15.018SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
PROSPECTUS-LEASE 
DRUG ENFORCEMENT ADMINISTRATION 
SAN DIEGO, CA 
Current Total Annual Cost: 
Justification Prospectus Number: PCA-Ol-SD15 
Congressional District: 53 
$3,137,301(Lease Effective 5/31/1996) 
Congress created the High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas (HIDTA) Program in 1988 to 
provide assistance to law enforcement agencies in areas detennined to be critical drug-trafficking 
regions in the United States. The Drug Enforcement Administration plays a critical role in 
assisting the state and local govennnent gather intelligence and coordinate law enforcement 
strategies to reduce the supply of illegal drugs in the United States. The San Diego field office 
agents gather intelligence, execute on the intelligence in the field, and provide input for legal 
cases against offenders. In addition to DEA agents, administrative and support groups also 
operate in the facility. 
Summary of Energy Compliance 
GSA will incorporate energy efficiency requirements into the Request for Lease Proposals and 
other documents related to the procurement of space based on the approved prospectus. GSA 
encourages offerors to exceed minimum requirements set forth in the procurement and to achieve 
an Energy Star perfonnance rating of75 or higher. 
Resolutions of Approval 
Resolutions adopted by the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the 
Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works approving this prospectus will constitute 
approval to make appropriations to lease space in a facility that will yield the required rentable 
area. 
Interim Leasing 
GSA will execute such interim leasing actions as are necessary to ensure continued housing of 
the tenant agency prior to the effective date of the new lease. It is in the best interest of the 
Government to avert the financial risk of holdover tenancy. 
2 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1321 February 26, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00155 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.080 H26FEPT1
Insert offset folio 1431/23 here EH26FE15.019SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS- LEASE 
DRUG ENFORCEMENT ADMINISTRATION 
SAN DIEGO, CA PBS 
Prospectus Number: PCA-01-SDlS 
Congressional District: 53 
Certification of Need 
The proposed lease is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on ---==S=-e__!p_t_e_mb_e_r_2_9...:...., _2_0_1_4 _________ _ 
Recommended: 1 ______ _L _______________________ _ 
Commissioner, Public Buildings Service 
Approved:_~~----=-------1)1-~ __ _ 
Administrator, General Services Administration 
3 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1322 February 26, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00156 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.080 H26FEPT1
Insert offset folio 1431/24 here EH26FE15.020SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
March 2014 
L<>eations Personnel 
Office Total 
4560 Viewrid"e Ave. San Diel!o CA 409 409 
Prooosed Lease 
Total 409 409 
[ rnr~e Utilization Rate (UR)' I I Current I Proposed 
Rate 103 103 
UR=avernge amount of office space per person 
Current UR excludes 8,975 usf of conference office supoort space 
Prooosed UR excludes 8,975 usf of conference office snpport space 
I ~~~ I 
: Rate I C~t I p~lf4scd 
RIU Factor• 
NOTES: Housing Plan 
Drug Enforcement Administration 
CURRENT 
Usable Souare Feet (USF)' Personnel 
Office Stora2c Succi a! Total Office 
54206 11250 22025 87 481 
409 
54 206 11250 22 025 87 481 409 
'USF means the portion of the building available for use by a tenant's personnel and furnishings and space avuilable jointly to the occupants of the building. 
2Calculation excludes Judiciary, Congress and agencies with less than 10 people 
1USF/Person =housing plan total USF divided by total personnel 
'RfU Factor= Max RSF divided by total USF Total 
409 
409 PCA-01-SDlS 
San Diego, CA 
PROPOSED 
Usable Souare Feet (lJSF) 
Office Stora2e Snecial Total 
54 206 11,250 22,025 87.481 
54206 11250 22,02S 87481 
Special Space USF 
Laboratorv 300 
Holding Cell 250 
Fitness Center 500 
Conference 8,975 
ADP 8 400 
Automotive Maintenance 3 600 
Total 22,025 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1323 February 26, 2015 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
LEASE —DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE , BUREAU OF  
PRISONS ,WASHINGTON , DC 
Resolved by the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, 
appropriations are authorized for a replace-ment lease of up to 114,000 rentable square feet of space, including 14 official parking spaces, for the Department of Justice, Bu-reau of Prisons currently located at 500 First Street, NW in Washington, D.C., at a pro-posed total annual cost of $5,700,000 for a lease term of up to 15 years, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this res-olution. 
Approval of this prospectus constitutes au-
thority to execute an interim lease for all tenants, if necessary, prior to the execution 
of the new lease. 
Provided that, the Administrator of General 
Services and tenant agencies agree to apply an overall utilization rate of 199 square feet or less per person. 
Provided that, except for interim leases as 
described above, the Administrator may not enter into any leases that are below pro-spectus level for the purposes of meeting any of the requirements, or portions thereof, in-cluded in the prospectus that would result in an overall utilization rate of 199 square feet or higher per person. 
Provided that, to the maximum extent 
practicable, the Administrator shall include in the lease contract(s) a purchase option that can be exercised at the conclusion of the firm term of the lease. Provided further, that the Administrator 
shall require that the delineated area of the procurement is identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, except that, 
if the Administrator determines that the de-lineated area of the procurement should not be identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, the Administrator shall provide an explanatory statement to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives prior to exercising any lease authority pro-vided in this resolution. 
Provided further, that the General Services 
Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00157 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.081 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1324 February 26, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00158 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.081 H26FEPT1
Insert offset folio 1431/26 here EH26FE15.021SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
PROSPECTUS- LEASE 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE, BUREAU OF PRISONS 
WASHINGTON, DC 
Prospectus Number: PDC-01-WAlS 
Executive Summary 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a replacement lease of up to 
114,000 rentable square feet (RSF) of space to house the Department of Justice, Bureau 
of Prisons (BOP) currently located at 500 First Street, NW, in Washington, DC. 
The replacement lease will provide continued housing for BOP and will improve BOP's 
office and overall utilization rates from 133 to 117 usable square feet (USF) per person 
and 229 to 199 USF per person, respectively. As a result of the improved utilization, the 
replacement lease will reduce the rentable square footage of the requirement by 12 
percent, a 15,035 RSF reduction from BOP's current occupancy. 
Description 
Occupant: 
Lease Type 
Current Rentable Square Feet (RSF): 
Proposed Maximum RSF: 
Expansion/Reduction RSF 
Current Usable Square Feet/Person; 
Proposed Usable Square Feet/Person: 
Proposed Maximum Leasing Authority: 
Expiration Dates of Current Lease(s): 
Delineated Area: 
Number of Official Parking Spaces: 
Scoring: 
Maximum Proposed Rental Rate1: 
Proposed Total Annual Cosr: 
Current Total Annual Cost: Bureau of Prisons 
Replacement 
129,035 (Current RSFIUSF = 1.18) 
114,000 (Proposed RSF /USF = 1.20) 
15,035 RSF reduction 
229 
199 
15 years 
July 31,2016 
Washington, DC, Central Employment 
Area 
14 
Operating Lease 
$50.00 per RSF 
$5,700,000 
$7,040,895 (lease effective 
8/01/2006) 
1Thls estimate is for fiscal year 2016 and may be escalated by 2.0 percent annually to the effective date of 
the lease to acconnt for inflation. The proposed rental rate is fully serviced including all operating 
expenses whether paid by the lessor or directly by the Government. GSA will conduct the procurement 
using prevailing market rental rates as a benchmark for negotiating this lease to ensure that the lease 
award is made in the best interest of the Government. The lease award shall not exceed the maximum 
rental rate as the specified in this prospectus. 
2New leases may contain an escalation clause to provide for annual changes in real estate taxes and 
operating costs. 
1 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1325 February 26, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00159 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.081 H26FEPT1
Insert offset folio 1431/27 here EH26FE15.022SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS-LEASE 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE, BUREAU OF PRISONS 
WASHINGTON, DC PBS 
Prospectus Nwnber: PDC-01-WA15 
Background 
BOP's mission is to protect society by confining offenders in the controlled environments 
of prisons and community-based facilities that are safe, humane, cost-efficient, and 
appropriately secure; that provide work and other self-improvement opportunities to 
assist offenders in becoming law-abiding citizens. 
Justification 
The current lease at 500 First Street NW expires July 31, 2016, and BOP has a continued 
need for space. In an effort to reduce its space footprint and increase its space utilization 
efficiency, the proposed lease will reduce BOP's current space by 15,035 RSF of its 
current 129,035 RSF at 500 First Street, NW. In the absence of this reduction, the status 
quo cost of continued occupancy at the proposed market rental rate would be $6,451,750 
per year. 
Summary of Energy Compliance 
GSA will incorporate energy efficiency requirements into the Request for Lease 
Proposals and other documents related to the procurement of space based on the 
approved prospectus. GSA encourages offerors to exceed minimum requirements set 
forth 
in the procurement and to achieve an Energy Star performance rating of 75 or 
higher. 
Resolutions of Approval 
Resolutions adopted by the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and 
the Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works approving this prospectus, will· 
constitute approval to make appropriations to lease space in a facility that wiH yield the 
required rentable area. 
Interim Leasing 
GSA will execute interim leasing actions as necessary to ensure continued housing of the 
tenant agency prior to the effective date of the proposed lease. It is in the best interest of 
the Government to avert the financial risk of holdover tenancy. 
2 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1326 February 26, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00160 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.081 H26FEPT1
Insert offset folio 1431/28 here EH26FE15.023SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS- LEASE 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE, BUREAU OF PRISONS 
WASHINGTON, DC PBS 
Prospectus Number: PDC-Ol-WA15 
Certification of Need 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on ____ s_e-':::p""te=m:--b_e_r _2 __ 9_, _2_0_1_4 ______ _ 
Administrator, General Services Administration 
3 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1327 February 26, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00161 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.081 H26FEPT1
Insert offset folio 1431/29 here EH26FE15.024SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
AprH2014 
Locations Personnel 
Office Total 
500 first Street NW 476 476 
Proposed tease 
Total ----476 476 
r Offiee Utilization Rate (UR)1 
I I Current Proposed r Rate I 133J 117 
UR =average amonnt of office space per person 
Current VR excludes 17,913 usf of office support space 
Proposed VR excludes 15,708 usf of offtee support space 
I Overall UR3 I I Current I Proposed 
Rate 229 !99 
r RIU Factor I Total USF 1 RSF!USF I Current I 109,1981 LlB 
lt>roooSeli I 94~8681 1.20 
NOTES: Housing Plan 
Department of Justice 
Bureau of Prisons 
CURRENT 
V&able ~quare Feet (US F) 
Office Storage Spec;at Total 
81,423 3,785 23,990 l09.l98 
81,423 3,7$5 23,990 1()9,198 
MaxRSF I 
129.o3s I 
1l4,ooo 1 Personnel 
Office 
476 
476 
1 USF means the portion of the building available for use by a tenant's personnel and t'tunUibings and space available jointly to the occupants of the building. 
1 Calculation excludes Judiciary, Congress and agencies with less than 10 people 
3 USF/Person "'.housing plan total USF divided by total personneL 
• R!U Factor= Max RSF divided by total USF Total 
476 
476 POC...01-WA15 
Washington, OC 
PROPOSED 
Usable Square Feet {VSF} 
Office Storage Special Total 
71.400 4.019 19.449 94,868 
71,400 4,019 19,.$4~ 94,868 
Special Space USF 
(' onference!T mining 6.563 
ADP 1,184 
File Rooms 7.262 
Break Rooms 1.289 
Library 552 
(' redit Union 51 
Security 239 
Cooy Rooms 2.309 
Total 19.44') 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1328 February 26, 2015 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
LEASE —DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE , CIVIL  
DIVISION , WASHINGTON , DC 
Resolved by the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, 
appropriations are authorized for a replace-ment lease of up to 217,000 rentable square feet of space, including 2 official parking spaces, for the Department of Justice cur-rently located at 1100 L Street, NW and 20 Massachusetts Avenue, NW in Washington, D.C., at a proposed total annual cost of $10,850,000 for a lease term of up to 15 years, a prospectus for which is attached to and in-cluded in this resolution. 
Approval of this prospectus constitutes au-
thority to execute an interim lease for all tenants, if necessary, prior to the execution 
of the new lease. 
Provided that, the Administrator of General 
Services and tenant agencies agree to apply an overall utilization rate of 240 square feet or less per person. 
Provided that, except for interim leases as 
described above, the Administrator may not enter into any leases that are below pro-spectus level for the purposes of meeting any of the requirements, or portions thereof, in-cluded in the prospectus that would result in an overall utilization rate of 240 square feet or higher per person. 
Provided that, to the maximum extent 
practicable, the Administrator shall include in the lease contract(s) a purchase option that can be exercised at the conclusion of the firm term of the lease. Provided further, that the Administrator 
shall require that the delineated area of the procurement is identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, except that, 
if the Administrator determines that the de-lineated area of the procurement should not be identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, the Administrator shall provide an explanatory statement to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives prior to exercising any lease authority pro-vided in this resolution. 
Provided further, that the General Services 
Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00162 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.082 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1329 February 26, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00163 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.082 H26FEPT1
Insert offset folio 1431/31 here EH26FE15.025SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
Executive Summary PROSPECTUS-LEASE 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE, CIVIL DIVISION 
WASHINGTON, DC 
Prospectus Number: PDC-02-W A 15 PBS 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a replacement lease of up to 217,000 
rentable square feet (RSF) of space to house the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ) currently 
located at 1100 L Street, NW, and 20 Massachusetts Avenue, NW, in Washington, DC. 
The replacement lease will provide continued housing for DOJ and will improve DOJ office and 
overall utilization rates from 160 to 130 usable square feet (USF) per person and 292 to 240 USF 
per person, respectively. As a result of the improved utilization, the replacement lease will 
reduce the rentable square footage of the requirement by 15 percent, a 38,972 RSF reduction 
from DOJ's current occupancies. 
Description 
Occupant: 
Lease Type 
Current Rentable Square Feet (RSF): 
Proposed Maximum RSF: 
Expansion/Reduction RSF: 
Current Usable Square Feet/Person: 
Proposed Usable Square Feet/Person: 
Proposed Maximum Leasing Authority: 
Expiration Dates of Current Lease(s): 
Delineated Area: 
Number of Official Parking Spaces1: 
Scoring: 
Maximum Proposed Rental Rate2: Department of Justice 
Replacement 
255,972 (Current RSFIUSF = 1. t 7) 
217,000 (Proposed RSF /USF = 1.20) 
38,972 RSF reduction 
292 
240 
15 years 
1100 L Street NW-5/19/2016 
20 Massachusetts A venue NW -10/22/2016 
Washington, DC, Central Employment Area 
2 
Operating Lease 
$50.00 per RSF 
1 DOJ's security requirements may necessitate control of the parking at the leased location(s). This may be 
accomplished as a lessor-furojshed service, under an operating agreement with the lessor, or as part of the 
Government's leasehold interest in the building{s). 
2 This estimate is for ftscal year 2017 and may be escalated by 2.0 percent mmually to the effective date of the lease 
to account for inflation. The proposed rental rate is fully serviced-including all operating expenses-whether 
paid by the lessor or directly by the Government. GSA will conduct the procurement using prevailing market 
rental rates as a benchmark for the evaluation of competitive offers and as a basis for negotiating with offerors to 
ensure that the lease award is in the best interest of the Government. The lease award shall not exceed the 
maximum rental rate as specified in this prospectus. 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1330 February 26, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00164 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.082 H26FEPT1
Insert offset folio 1431/32 here EH26FE15.026SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS- LEASE 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE, CIVIL DIVISION 
WASHINGTON, DC 
Prospectus Number: PDC-02-WAIS 
Proposed Total Annual Cose: $10,850,000 
Current Total Annual Cost: 
Acquisition Strategy $10,960,719 (leases effective 
512011996 and 9/24/2002) PBS 
In order to acquire space that will meet DOJ's requirements, GSA may issue a single, multiple 
award solicitation that will allow offerors to provide blocks of space to meet the requirements in 
whole or in part. All offers must provide space consistent with the delineated area defined by 
this prospectus. 
Justification 
The current leases at 1100 L Street NW and 20 Massachusetts NW expire May 19, 2016, and 
October 22, 2016, respectively, which would leave DOJ without housing. Also, DOJ wants to 
take the opportunity presented by this proposed lease action to reduce its space footprint and 
increase its space use efficiency. The proposed lease will reduce DOJ's space by 38,972 RSF or 
15.2 percent of its current 255,972 RSF of leased space. In the absence of this reduction, the 
status quo cost of continued occupancy at the proposed market rental rate would be $12,798,600 
per year. 
Summary of Energy Compliance 
GSA will incorporate energy efficiency requirements into the Request for Lease Proposals and 
other documents related to the procurement of space based on the approved prospectus. GSA 
encourages offerors to exceed the minimum requirements in the procurement and to achieve an 
Energy Star performance rating of75 or higher. 
3New leases may contain an escalation clause to provide for annual changes in real estate taxes and operating costs. 
2 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1331 February 26, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00165 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.082 H26FEPT1
Insert offset folio 1431/33 here EH26FE15.027SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS- LEASE 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE, CIVIL DIVISION 
WASHINGTON, DC 
Prospectus Number: PDC-02-WAIS 
Resolutions of Approval PBS 
Resolutions approving this prospectus were adopted by the House Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure and the Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works. They will 
constitute approval to make appropriations to lease space in a facility that will yield the required 
rentable area. 
Interim Leasing 
GSA will execute such interim leasing actions as are necessary to ensure continued housing of 
the tenant agency prior to the effective date of the proposed lease. It is in the best interest of the 
Government to avert the financial risk of holdover tenancy. 
Certification of Need 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on _____ Se-'p'-t_e_m_b_er_2_9_,_2_01_4 ______ _ 
Commissioner, Public Buildings Service 
Administrator, General Services Administration 
3 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1332 February 26, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00166 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.082 H26FEPT1
Insert offset folio 1431/34 here EH26FE15.028SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
April2014 
Locations Personoe! 
Office 
l! 00 L Street, NW 
20 Massachusetts Avenue, NW 
Proposed Lease 
Total 
Rate 
UR =average amount of office space per person 
C\II'I'mt UR ey;cludes 33,968 usf of office support space 
Proposed UR excludes 27,573 usf of office support space 548 
204 
752 Total 
548 
204 
752 
l Overall UR~ I 
Rate I C'urren~92~ Propose~40 
R/U Factor 
Current 
Proposed 
~: Housing Plan 
Department of Justice 
Civil Division 
CURRENT 
Usable Square Feet (USF)' 
Office Storage Special Total 
122.121 2,019 27,747 151.887 
32,279 1,592 33,569 67,440 
"··~~40J! . -... _.J.~J 1 ... ···~ (il,3_1(i --219,327 Personnel 
Office 
752 
752 
'USF means the portion of the building available for use by a tenant's personnel and furnishings and space available jointly to tbe occupants of the building" 
1Calculation excludes Judiciary, Congress and agencies with less than 10 people 
3USF/Pernon =housing plan total USF divided by total personneL 
4RIU Factor= Max RSF divided by total USF Total 
752 
?52 PDC-02-WAlS 
Washington, DC 
PROPOSED 
Usable S"qu;u-e Fed (USf) 
Office Storage Special Total 
125,333 2,000 53,147 180.480 
125,333 2..000 53 147 180.430 
SP«ial Spa« USF 
Conf~fraining 8,985 
ADPtCall Center 3.974 
File Rooms 12.786 
Break Rooms 2.%2 
Moot Court 1.419 
SuJ11)1yRoom 1,562 
Library 6.119 
MailRoom !.147 
SCif 11,991 
Copy Rooms 2,201 
Total 53.147 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1333 February 26, 2015 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
LEASE —DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE , WASHINGTON , 
DC 
Resolved by the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, 
appropriations are authorized for a replace-ment lease of up to 382,000 rentable square feet of space, including 15 official parking spaces, for the Department of Justice cur-rently located at 555 4th Street, NW and 501 3rd Street, NW in Washington, D.C., at a pro-posed total annual cost of $19,100,000 for a lease term of up to 15 years, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this res-olution. 
Approval of this prospectus constitutes au-
thority to execute an interim lease for all tenants, if necessary, prior to the execution 
of the new lease. 
Provided that, the Administrator of General 
Services and tenant agencies agree to apply an overall utilization rate of 240 square feet or less per person. 
Provided that, except for interim leases as 
described above, the Administrator may not enter into any leases that are below pro-spectus level for the purposes of meeting any of the requirements, or portions thereof, in-cluded in the prospectus that would result in an overall utilization rate of 240 square feet or higher per person. 
Provided that, to the maximum extent 
practicable, the Administrator shall include in the lease contract(s) a purchase option that can be exercised at the conclusion of the firm term of the lease. Provided further, that the Administrator 
shall require that the delineated area of the procurement is identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, except that, 
if the Administrator determines that the de-lineated area of the procurement should not be identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, the Administrator shall provide an explanatory statement to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives prior to exercising any lease authority pro-vided in this resolution. 
Provided further, that the General Services 
Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00167 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.083 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1334 February 26, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00168 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.083 H26FEPT1
Insert offset folio 1431/36 here EH26FE15.029SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
Executive Summary PROSPECTUS- LEASE 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE 
WASHINGTON, DC 
Prospectus Number: PDC~03-WA15 PBS 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a replacement lease of up to 382,000 
rentable square feet (RSF) for the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ) currently located at 555 41h 
Street, NW, and 501 3rd Street, NW, in Washington, DC. 
The replacement lease will provide continued housing for DOJ and improve DOJ office and 
overall utilization rates from 166 to 130 usable square feet (USF) per person and 290 to 240 USF 
per person, respectively. As a result of the improved utilization, the replacement lease will 
reduce the rentable square footage of the requirement by 8 percent, a 33,684 RSF reduction from 
DOJ's current occupancies. 
Description 
Occupant: 
Lease Type: 
Current Rentable Square Feet (RSF): 
Proposed Maximum RSF: 
Expansion/Reduction RSF: 
Current Usable Square Feet/Person: 
Proposed Usable Square Feet/Person: 
Proposed Maximum Leasing Authority: 
Expiration Dates of Current Leases: 
Delineated Area: 
Number of Official Parking Spaces1: 
Scoring: 
Maximum Proposed Rental Rate2: Department of Justice 
Replacement 
415,684 (Current RSF/USF = 1.11) 
382,000 (Proposed RSF/USF = 1.20) 
33,684 RSF reduction 
290 
240 
15 Years 
12/3112017-555 4th Street, NW 
61112019-501 3rd Street, NW 
Washington, DC Central Employment Area 
15 
Operating Lease 
$50.00 per RSF 
1 DOJ security requirements may necessitate control of the parking at the leased location(s). Titis may be 
accomplished as a lessor-furnished service, under an operating agreement with the lessor, or as part of the 
Government's leasehold interest in the building(s). 
2 This estimate is for fiscal year 2018 and may be escalated by 2.0 percent annually to the effective date of the lease 
to account for inflation. The proposed rental rate is fully serviced including all operating expenses whether paid 
by the lessor or directly by the Government. GSA will conduct the procurement using prevailing market rental 
rates as a benchmark for the evaluation of competitive offers and as a basis for negotiating with offerors to ensure 
that lease award is made in the best interest of the government. Lease award shall not exceed the maximum rental 
rate as specified in this prospectus. 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1335 February 26, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00169 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.083 H26FEPT1
Insert offset folio 1431/37 here EH26FE15.030SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS- LEASE 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE 
WASHINGTON, DC 
Prospectus Number: PDC-03-W A 15 
Proposed Total Annual Cost : $19,100,000 
$18,404,286 Current Total Annual Cost: 
Acquisition Strategy (555 4th St. -lease effective 01/01/1998) 
(501 3rd St. -lease effective 06/02/2004) PBS 
In order to maximize flexibility to acquire space that will house DOJ and meet their 
requirements, GSA may issue a single, 
multiple award solicitation that will allow offerors to 
provide blocks of space to meet the requirements in whole or in part. A multiple building 
solution must house DOJ in geographically proximate locations. All offers must provide space 
consistent with the delineated area defined by this prospectus. 
Justification 
The current leases at 555 4th Street, NW, and 501 3rd Street, NW, expire December 31, 2017, and 
June 1, 2019, respectively, and DOJ requires continued housing to carry out its mission. The 
total space requested will reduce DOJ's footprint by 33,684 RSF or 8.1 percent of the 415,684 
RSF currently occupied. In the absence of this reduction, the status quo cost of continued 
occupancy at the proposed market rental rate would be $20,784,200 per year. 
Summary of Energy Compliance 
GSA will incorporate energy efficiency requirements into the Request for Lease Proposals and 
other documents related to the procurement of space based on the approved prospectus. GSA 
encourages offerors to exceed minimum requirements set forth in the procurement and to achieve 
an Energy Star performance rating of75 or higher. 
3 New leases may contain an escalation clause to provide for annual changes in real estate taxes and operating costs. 
2 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1336 February 26, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00170 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.083 H26FEPT1
Insert offset folio 1431/38 here EH26FE15.031SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
Resolutions of Approval PROSPECTUS- LEASE 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE 
WASHINGTON, DC 
Prospectus Number: PDC-03-WA15 PBS 
Resolutions adopted by the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the 
Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works approving this prospectus wi11 constitute 
approval to make appropriations to lease space in a facility that will yield the required rentable 
area. 
Interim Leasing 
GSA will execute such interim leasing actions as are necessary to ensure continued housing of 
the tenant agency prior to the effective date of the new lease. It is in the best interest of the 
Government to avert the financial risk ofholdover tenancy. 
Certification of Need 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on ____ se-=p:_t_e_m_b_er_2_9_,_z __ Ol_4 _______ _ 
3 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1337 February 26, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00171 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.083 H26FEPT1
Insert offset folio 1431/39 here EH26FE15.032SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSESeptember 2014 
Leased Locations Personnel 
Office Tolal 
JCB 555 4th Street NW I 148 I 148 
501 3rd Street NW 141 141 
Prooosed Lease 
Total 1 289 1 289 
Office Utilization Rate (UR)l I 
I Current I Prooosed 
Rate I 166 I 130 
UR =average amount of office space per person 
Current UR excludes 60,223 usf of office support space 
Proposed UR excludes 47,263 usf of office support space 
Overall UR' I 
Current I Proposed I 
Rate 290 I 240 I 
JVU Factor• Total USF I RSF/USF I 
Current I 373 597 1.11 I 
Prooosed I 317 7601 1.20 
NOTES: Housing Plan 
DeparbnentofJusfice 
CURRENT Usable Sauare Feet {USP)' 
Office Storal!e Special Total 
227 162 3 146 83 208 313 516 
46 579 224 13 278 60081 
273 741 3,370 96486 373 597 
MaxRSF 415 684 
382 000 Personnel 
Office I 324 l.:\24 
1USF means the portion of the building available for use by a tenant's personnel and furnishings and space available jointly to the occupants of the ~lding. 
2Calculation excludes Judiciary, Congress and agencies with less than l 0 people 
3USF/Person ~housing plan total USF divided by total personnel. 
4RIU Factor= Max RSF divided by total USF Total I 324 1.:\24 PDC-03-WAlS Washington, DC, 
PROPOSED Usable Souare Feet {USP) 
Office Storal!e Soecial Total 
220 667 5,566 91527 317,760 
220 667 5.566 91.527 317 760 
Soecial Soaee USF 
Conference/Trial Preo Rooms 18 250 
ADPn'elerom Rooms 2 157 
File Rooms 27,414 
Break Rooms 4,600 
USMS Evidence Room I 000 
Libraries 6 750 
Moot Court/e..Court Rooms 5006 
Grand Jurv Rooms 12450 
Traininl! Rooms 4 500 
Prisoner Holdine: Area 4 500 
CoovRooms 4900 
Total 91.527 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1338 February 26, 2015 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
LEASE —FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION , 85 
10TH AVENUE , NEW YORK , NY 
Resolved by the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, 
appropriations are authorized for lease ex-tensions of up to 168,000 rentable square feet of space for the Federal Bureau of Investiga-tion Joint Terrorism Task Force currently located at 85 10th Avenue in New York, New York at a proposed total annual cost of $13,776,000 for a lease term of up to 5 years, a prospectus, as amended by this resolution, for which is attached to and included in this resolution. 
Approval of this prospectus constitutes au-
thority to execute an interim lease for all tenants, if necessary, prior to the execution 
of the new lease. 
Provided that, the Administrator of General 
Services and tenant agencies agree to apply an overall utilization rate of 218 square feet or less per person. 
Provided that, except for interim leases as 
described above, the Administrator may not enter into any leases that are below pro-spectus level for the purposes of meeting any of the requirements, or portions thereof, in-cluded in the prospectus that would result in an overall utilization rate of 218 square feet or higher per person. 
Provided that, to the maximum extent 
practicable, the Administrator shall include in the lease contract(s) a purchase option that can be exercised at the conclusion of the firm term of the lease. Provided further, that the Administrator 
shall require that the delineated area of the procurement is identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, except that, 
if the Administrator determines that the de-lineated area of the procurement should not be identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, the Administrator shall provide an explanatory statement to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives prior to exercising any lease authority pro-vided in this resolution. 
Provided further, that the General Services 
Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00172 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.084 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1339 February 26, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00173 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.084 H26FEPT1
Insert offset folio 1431/41 here EH26FE15.033SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS-LEASE 
FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION 
85 lOTH AVENUE, NEW YORK, NY PBS 
Prospectus Number: PNY-02-NYJS 
Congressional District: 8 
Executive Summary 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes lease extensions of up to five years for 
168,000 rentable square feet of space for the Federal Bureau of Investigation Joint Terrorism 
Task Force (FBI) currently located at 85 101h Avenue in New York, NY. FBI has occupied space 
in the building since 2005 under two leases that will expire January 17 and June 5, 2015. The 
long-term plan is to relocate FBI from 85 Tenth Avenue to government-owned space; a lease 
extension is needed as space is vacated and readied at the Government-owned location. GSA will 
attempt to secure flexibility and the right to terminate the entire lease periodically within the five 
year term. 
Extension of the current leases will enable FBI to provide continued housing for its personnel 
and meet its current mission requirements. FBI will maintain its current office utilization rate 
of 148 USF per person and its overall utilization rate of 218 USF per person. 
Description 
Occupants: 
Lease Type: 
Current Rentable Square Feet (RSF): 
Proposed Maximum RSF: 
Expansion/Reduction RSF: 
Current Usable Square Feet/Person: 
Proposed Usable Square Feet/Person: 
Proposed Maximum Lease Term: 
Expiration Date of Current Leases: 
Proposed Delineated Area: 
Number of Official Parking Spaces: 
Scoring: 
Maximum Proposed Rental Rate 1: 
Proposed Total Annual Cost2: 
Current Total Annual Cost: Federal Bureau of Investigation 
Lease Extension 
168,000 
168,000 
0 
218 
218 
5 
1/17/2015 and 6/5/2015 
85 Tenth Avenue New York, NY 
0 
Operating Lease 
$ 68.00 per RSF 
$ 11 ,424,000 
$ 7,589,152 (leases effective 1118/2005 and 
6/06/2005) 
1This estimate is for fiscal year 2015 and may be escalated by! .9 percent annually to the effective date of the lease to account for 
inflation. The proposed rental rate is fully serviced including all operating expenses whether paid by the lessor or directly by the 
Government. GSA will conduct the procurement using prevailing market rental rates as a benchmark for negotiating this lease 
extension to ensure that lease award is made in the best interest of the government. Lease award shall not exceed the maximum 
rental rate as specified in this prospectus. 
2 
Any new lease may contain an annual escalation clause to provide for increases or decreases in real estate taxes and operating 
costs. 
Page I 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1340 February 26, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00174 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.084 H26FEPT1
Insert offset folio 1431/42 here EH26FE15.034SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
Justification PROSPECTUS-LEASE 
FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTJGATION 
85 lOTH AVENUE, NEW YORK, NY PBS 
Prospectus Nwnber: PNY -02-NY 15 
Congressional District: 8 
The leases at 85 101h Avenue wi11 expire January 17 and June 5, 2015. FBI requires continued 
housing at this location to carry 
out its mission until it can relocate its personnel and operations 
to government-owned space. A five-year lease extension is needed to protect occupancy until 
such time as space is vacated and readied for FBI at a government-owned facility. 
Resolutions of Approval 
Resolutions adopted by the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the 
Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works approving this prospectus will constitute 
approval to make appropriations to lease space in a facility that will yield the required rentable 
area. 
Interim Leasing 
GSA will execute such interim leasing actions as are necessary to ensure continued housing of 
the tenant agency prior to the effective date of the extension. It is in the best interest of the 
Government to avert the financial risk of holdover tenancy. 
Certification of Need 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on ___ s_e_p_te_m_b_e_r_29_,_2_0_1_4 __________ _ 
Recommended: 
--------~--~~--~~~~~--~~--------------------Commissioner, Public Buildings Service \ 
/'''''-) ~:::, .e•"'''t /, I i.::· \~/-. /t 
..... "'-..~ r ~1 , / r 
Approved: _________ ~~~~(~/-'~,/~-~~-' _v'7l_._'-~·· ~--~~----------------
Administrator, General Services Administration 
Page2 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1341 February 26, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00175 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.084 H26FEPT1
Insert offset folio 1431/43 here EH26FE15.035SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEApril 2014 Housing Plan 
Federal Bureau of Investigation 
CURRENT 
Locations Personnel Usable Square Feet ( USF) Personnel 
Office TotaJ Office Storal!e Soecial Total Office 
85 lOth Avenue, New York, NY 
Proposed Lease 
Total Rate 
UR=average amount of office space per person 
Cum:nt UR ell eludes 22,612 us f of office support space 
Proposed UR ellcludcs 22,612 usf of office support space 542 542 
j 
-Overall UR I Current I 
f 218 
Rate 542 102,782 
542 102 782 
RfU Factor• I Total USF I RSFIUSF-f Mall RSF I 
IPmf)(Jsro 118,173 I t.42 I t6s,ooo I 
[Surreal _l____1J],t73} t.42 I 16&,ooo I 
NOTES: 6,000 9,391 118,173 
6,006 9,391 liS 173 
1USF means the portion of the building available for use by a tenant's personnel and furnishings and space available jointly to the occupants of the building. 
2Calculation ex.cludes Judiciary, Congress and agencies with less than 10 people 
~USF/Person ~ housing plan total USF divided 
by total personnel. 
4RIU Factor= Mall RSF divided by total USF 542 542 Total 542 542 PROPOSED PNY -02-NYlS 
New York, NY 
Usable Square Feet (USF) 
Office Storage Spedal Total 
102,782 6,000 9,391 I 18.!73 
102 782 6,000 9,391 118173 
So«ial Soace USF 
ADP 1,977 
Break Room 731 
Conference!Training 2,367 
Health 488 
Mug and F ingcrprint 244 
Physical Fitness 2,560 
MailRoom 366 
Interview rooms 512 
Restroom 146 
-----· Total 9,39_1 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1342 February 26, 2015 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
LEASE —FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION , 
601 WEST 26TH STREET , NEW YORK , NY 
Resolved by the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, 
appropriations are authorized for a lease ex-tension of up to 79,792 rentable square feet of space, including 84 official parking spaces, for the Federal Bureau of Investigation cur-rently located at 601 West 26th Street in New York, New York at a proposed total annual cost of $5,346,064 for a lease term of up to 3 years, a prospectus for which is attached to 
and included in this resolution. 
Approval of this prospectus constitutes au-
thority to execute an interim lease for all tenants, if necessary, prior to the execution of the new lease. 
Provided that, to the maximum extent 
practicable, the Administrator shall include in the lease contract(s) a purchase option that can be exercised at the conclusion of the firm term of the lease. 
Provided further, that the Administrator 
shall require that the delineated area of the procurement is identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, except that, 
if the Administrator determines that the de-lineated area of the procurement should not be identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, the Administrator shall provide an explanatory statement to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives prior to exercising any lease authority pro-vided in this resolution. 
Provided further, that the General Services 
Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00176 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.084 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1343 February 26, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00177 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.085 H26FEPT1
Insert offset folio 1431/45 here EH26FE15.036SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS-LEASE 
FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION 
601 WEST 26™ STREET, NEW YORK, NY PBS 
Prospectus Number: PNY-04-NYlS 
Congressional District 1 0 
Executive Summary 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a short-term lease extension of up to 
79,792 rentable square feet for the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), currently located at 
601 West 26th Street, New York, NY (Starret Lehigh Building). The lease includes 84 structured 
parking spaces, radio maintenance facility, automotive maintenance facility, and ancillary office 
space for the FBI. FBI has occupied space in the Starret Lehigh building since November 1, 
1993, under a single lease that will expire October 31, 2014. FBI has a long-term plan to 
relocate to another leased location in the Bronx, and currently is reviewing proposals of existing 
locations. 
GSA is seeking a three-year lease extension to allow FBI to remain in place while providing 
enough time to award a long-term lease that is expected to be below the prospectus threshold. 
Extension of the current lease will enable FBI to provide continued housing for current personnel 
and meet its current mission requirements. FBI will maintain its current office utilization rate of 
156 USF per person. An overall utilization rate is not applicable, since almost 94 percent of the 
space leased is light industrial space used for automotive and radio maintenance. GSA will 
attempt to negotiate termination rights into the lease agreement to accommodate the longer term 
housing solution for FBI. 
Description 
Occupants: 
Lease Type: 
Current Rentable Square Feet (RSF): 
Proposed Maximum RSF: 
Expansion/Reduction RSF: 
Current Usable Square Feet/Person: 
Proposed Usable Square Feet/Person: 
Proposed Maximum Lease Term: 
Expiration Date of Current Leases: 
Proposed Delineated Area: 
Number of Official Parking Spaces: 
Scoring: 
Maximum Proposed Rental Rate1: Federal Bureau of Investigation 
Lease Extension 
79,792 
79,792 
0 
NA 
NA 
3 
October 31,2014 
601 West 26th Street, New York, NY 
84 
Operating Lease 
$67 per RSF 
111ris estimate is for fiscal year 2015 and may be escalated by 1.7 percent annually to the effective date of the lease 
to account for inflation. The proposed rental rate is fully serviced including all operating expenses whether paid by 
the lessor or directly by the Government. GSA will conduct the procurement using prevailing market rental rates as 
a benchmark for negotiating this lease extension to ensure that lease award is made in the best interest of the 
government. Lease award shall not exceed the maximum rental rate as specified in this prospectus. 
Page 1 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1344 February 26, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00178 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.085 H26FEPT1
Insert offset folio 1431/46 here EH26FE15.037SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS-LEASE 
FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION 
601 WEST 26TH STREET, NEW YORK, NY PBS 
Prospectus Number: PNY-04-NY15 
Congressional District: 1 0 
Proposed Total Annual Cost2: $ 5,346)064 
Current Total Annual Cost: $ 3, 449,920 (lease effective 11/01/1993) 
J ustifieation 
The current lease for space at 601 West 26th Street will expire October 31, 2014. FBI requires 
continued housing at this location to carry out its mission until it can relocate its personnel to a 
new location in the Bronx market area. FBI has a long-term plan in place to relocate its existing 
operations at this location. The lease procurement for the relocation is in process) however, the 
procurement is projected to exceed the duration of the current lease. Prospectus approval is 
required to extend this lease and protect the occupancy until such time that a new lease can be 
awarded and FBI can relocate to the new location. It is anticipated that the cost to the 
Government will be substantially reduced after relocation to a more economically favorable real 
estate market. 
GSA will attempt to secure a short-lease term, including the right to terminate the entire lease 
after one year. 
Resolutions of Approval 
Resolutions adopted by the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the 
Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works approving this prospectus .will constitute 
approval to make appropriations to lease space in a facility that will yield the 
required rentable 
area. 
Interim Leasing 
GSA will execute such interim leasing actions as are necessary to ensure continued housing of 
the tenant agency prior to the effective date of the new lease. It is in the best interest of the 
Government to avert the financial risk of holdover tenancy. 
2Any new lease may contain an annual escalation clause to provide for increases or decreases in real estate taxes and 
operating costs. 
Page 2 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1345 February 26, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00179 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.085 H26FEPT1
Insert offset folio 1431/47 here EH26FE15.038SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
Certification of Need PROSPECTUS-LEASE 
FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION 
601 WEST 26™ STREET, NEW YORK, NY PBS 
Prospectus Number: PNY~04~NY15 
Congressional District: 10 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on ____ S_e"--pt-=e=m=b;::-e_r_2_9~._20_1_4 ______ ~---
Approved: _____ --=--~-o-:mm--=---is-si-·o_r_,-"'P-u-1-ic_B_u_~_ld-in-g-=-s-S--i-ce _________ _ 
Administrator, General Services Administration 
Page3 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1346 February 26, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00180 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.085 H26FEPT1
Insert offset folio 1431/48 here EH26FE15.039SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEApril2614 Lo~tions Persoooel 
Office Total 
601 West 26th Street 25 25 
Proposed Lease 
Totlil 25 25 
Office Utilfution Rate (UR)" 
T Current l Proposed 
Rate 156 156 
UR=average amount of office space per persoo 
Current UR excludes 1100 usf of office support space 
Proposed UR excludes ll 00 usf of office support space 
I Overall UR3 l 
Fate I c~t I PT:: 
R!U Factor• TotalUSF RSFfUSF I 
L' urrent 19,792 LOO l 
Pro_j)Qsed ..__ 79,792 LOO l 
NOTES: Housing Plan 
Federal Bureau of Investigation 
CURRENT Usable Square Feet (USF) Personnel 
Office Stora~~:e SPecial Total Office Total 
5,000 -74,792 79.792 25 25 
5000 . 74,792 ·----12::22!.'---1~ .. -~ -
Max RSF I 
79,192 79,792-
1USF means the portion of the building available for use by a tenant's personnel and furnishings and space available jointly to the occupants of the building. 
2Calculation excludes Judiciary, Congress and agencies with less than 10 people 
3USP/Person"' housing plan total USF divided by total personnel. Not applicable since 94 percent of the space is used for automotive and radio maintenance. 
4RIU Factor"" Max RSF divided by total USF PROPOSED Usable Square Feet (USF) 
Office Stol'l!2t Soccial 
5.000 -74,792 
5,000 -74,792 
Soecial Soa<:e 
Automotive maintenance 
Radio Mainte'llance Total PNY -04-NYlS 
New York. NY 
Total 79,792 79792 
USF 66,792 8,000 74,792 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1347 February 26, 2015 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
LEASE —U.S. PROBATION OFFICE & U .S. PRE-
TRIAL SERVICES OFFICE , 233 BROADWAY , NEW 
YORK , NY 
Resolved by the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, 
appropriations are authorized for a lease ex-tension of up to 112,392 rentable square feet of space for the U.S. Probation Office and the U.S. Pretrial Services Office currently lo-cated at 233 Broadway in New York, New York, at a proposed total annual cost of $5,394,816 for a lease term of up to 2 years, a prospectus for which is attached to and in-cluded in this resolution. 
Approval of this prospectus constitutes au-
thority to execute an interim lease for all tenants, if necessary, prior to the execution 
of the new lease. 
Provided that, the Administrator of General 
Services and tenant agencies agree to apply an overall utilization rate of 379 square feet or less per person. 
Provided that, except for interim leases as 
described above, the Administrator may not enter into any leases that are below pro-spectus level for the purposes of meeting any of the requirements, or portions thereof, in-cluded in the prospectus that would result in an overall utilization rate of 379 square feet or higher per person. 
Provided that, to the maximum extent 
practicable, the Administrator shall include in the lease contract(s) a purchase option that can be exercised at the conclusion of the firm term of the lease. Provided further, that the Administrator 
shall require that the delineated area of the procurement is identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, except that, 
if the Administrator determines that the de-lineated area of the procurement should not be identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, the Administrator shall provide an explanatory statement to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives prior to exercising any lease authority pro-vided in this resolution. 
Provided further, that the General Services 
Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00181 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.086 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1348 February 26, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00182 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.086 H26FEPT1
Insert offset folio 1431/50 here EH26FE15.040SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS LEASE 
U.S. PROBATION OFFICE & U.S. PRETRIAL SERVICES OFFICE 
233 BROADWAY, NEW YORK, NY PBS 
Prospectus Number: PNY -06-NY 15 
Congressional District: 7 
Executive Summary 
The U.S. General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a short-term lease extension of up to 
112,392 rentable square feet of space for the U.S. Probation Office and the U.S. Pretrial Services 
Office (Probation and Pretrial Services), currently located at 233 Broadway (Woolworth 
Building), New York, NY. They have occupied space in the Woolworth Building since 
November 1, 2005, under a single lease that will expire October 31, 2015. Both offices are 
planned to relocate to the Daniel P. Moynihan U.S. Courthouse in Manhattan, NY. Funding for 
this relocation/backfill and build-out of space at the Moynihan USCH has been secured by GSA. 
GSA is seeking a 2-year lease extension to provide sufficient time to synchronize the completion 
ofthe build-out of the new space and the relocation of Probation and Pretrial Services. GSA will 
attempt to negotiate a flexible lease term with early termination rights to mitigate vacancy risk 
while continuing to protect the Government's occupancy. 
Extension of the current lease will enable Probation and the Pretrial Services to provide 
continued housing for their current personnel and meet their current mission requirements. 
They will maintain their current office utilization rate of 261 USF per person and overall 
utilization rate 379 USF per person. 
Description 
Occupants: 
Lease Type: 
Current Rentable Square Feet (RSF): 
Proposed Maximum RSF: 
Expansion/Reduction RSF: 
Current Usable Square Feet/Person: 
Proposed Usable Square Feet/Person: 
Proposed Maximum Lease Term: 
Expiration Date of Current Leases: 
Proposed Delineated Area: 
Number of Official Parking Spaces: 
Scoring: Probation & Pretrial Services 
Lease Extension 
112,392 
112,392 
0 
379 
379 
2 
October 31, 2015 
233 Broadway, NY, NY 
0 
Operating Lease 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1349 February 26, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00183 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.086 H26FEPT1
Insert offset folio 1431/51 here EH26FE15.041SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
PROSPECTUS-LEASE 
U.S. PROBATION OFFICE & U.S. PRETRIAL SERVICES OFFICE 
233 BROADWAY, NEW YORK, NY 
Prospectus Number: PNY-06-NY15 
Congressional District: 7 
Maximum Proposed Rental Rate1: 
Proposed Total Annual Cost2: 
Current Total Annual Cost: 
Justification $ 48per RSF 
$ 5,394,816 
$ 4,998,072 (lease effective 11/01/2005) 
The current lease at 233 Broadway will expire on October 31, 2015, and Probation and Pretrial 
Services require continued housing at this location to carry out their missions until they can 
relocate their personnel to the Daniel P. Moynihan U.S. Courthouse. The plan for the relocation 
is in process, and GSA has obtained funding to build out the office space in the Moynihan 
USCH. The process, however, is projected to exceed the duration of the current lease. 
Therefore, prospectus approval is required to extend this lease and protect the occupancy until 
the space preparation is completed. 
Resolutions of Approval 
Resolutions adopted by the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the 
Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works approving this prospectus will constitute 
approval to make appropriations to lease space in a facility that will yield the required rentable 
area. 
Interim Leasing 
GSA will execute such interim leasing actions as are necessary to ensure continued housing of 
the tenant agencies prior to the effective date of the new lease. It is in the best interest of the 
Government to avert the financial risk of holdover tenancy. 
1This estimate is for fiscal year 2015 and may be escalated by 1.7 percent annually to the effective date of the lease to account for 
inflation. The proposed rental rate is fully serviced including all operating expenses whether paid by the lessor or directly by the 
Government. GSA will conduct the procurement using prevailing market rental rates as a benchmark for negotiating this lease 
extension to ensure that lease award is made in the best interest of the Government. Lease award shall not exceed the maximum 
rental rate as specified in this prospectus. 
2 Any new lease may contain an annual escalation clause to provide for increases or decreases in real estate taxes and operating 
costs. 
2 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1350 February 26, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00184 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.086 H26FEPT1
Insert offset folio 1431/52 here EH26FE15.042SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS- LEASE 
U.S. PROBATION OFFICE & U.S. PRETRIAL SERVICES OFFICE 
233 BROADWAY, NEW YORK, NY PBS 
Prospectus Number: PNY-06-NY15 
Congressional District: 7 
Certification of Need 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on ---~S::=-ep_t"e:-m_b_er_2_9_, _z_o_I_4 _________ _ 
Buildings Service 
Approved: ______ ~~~-------~~-----~------------------
Administrator, General Services Administration 
3 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1351 February 26, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00185 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.086 H26FEPT1
Insert offset folio 1431/53 here EH26FE15.043SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
April2014 Housing Phm 
U.S. Probation and U.S. Pretrial Services 
LlJQttiOUS Personnel Personnel 
Office I Total Total e I Total Office 
200 I 200 
200 200 
OffiCi: Utilization Rate (UR)T 
I CW'tent I Proposed 
Rate 261 l 261 
UR=average amount of office space per person 
CW'tent UR excludes t 4,713 usf of office support space 
Proposed UR excludes 14,713 usf of office support space 
NOTES: 75,8()8 
200 
8.930 :zoo 
1USF means the portion of the building available for use by a tenant's persoooel and furoishings and space available jointly to the occupants of !.be building. 
1Calculation excludes Judiciary, Congress and agencies with 1ess than 10 people 
3USF!Person = housing plan total USF divided by total personnel. 
'RIU Factor= Max RSF divided by total USF 66,878 
66.878 
Soecial SPace 
Chambers 
Library 
--ro-tai-PNY -4.)6..NY15 
New York, NY 
Total 
USF 
5,965 
2.965 
8,930 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1352 February 26, 2015 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
LEASE —INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE , 
GUAYNABO , PR 
Resolved by the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, 
appropriations are authorized for a replace-ment lease of up to 92,500 rentable square feet of space, including 21 official parking spaces, for the Internal Revenue Service cur-rently located at the San Patricio Office Center at 7 Tabonuco Street in Guaynabo, Puerto Rico, at a proposed total annual cost of $4,625,000 for a lease term of up to 20 years, a prospectus for which is attached to and in-cluded in this resolution. 
Approval of this prospectus constitutes au-
thority to execute an interim lease for all tenants, if necessary, prior to the execution 
of the new lease. 
Provided that, the Administrator of General 
Services and tenant agencies agree to apply an overall utilization rate of 146 square feet or less per person. 
Provided that, except for interim leases as 
described above, the Administrator may not enter into any leases that are below pro-spectus level for the purposes of meeting any of the requirements, or portions thereof, in-cluded in the prospectus that would result in an overall utilization rate of 146 square feet or higher per person. 
Provided that, to the maximum extent 
practicable, the Administrator shall include in the lease contract(s) a purchase option that can be exercised at the conclusion of the firm term of the lease. Provided further, that the Administrator 
shall require that the delineated area of the procurement is identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, except that, 
if the Administrator determines that the de-lineated area of the procurement should not be identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, the Administrator shall provide an explanatory statement to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives prior to exercising any lease authority pro-vided in this resolution. 
Provided further, that the General Services 
Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00186 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.087 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1353 February 26, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00187 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.087 H26FEPT1
Insert offset folio 1431/55 here EH26FE15.044SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEI GSA 
PROSPECTUS LEASE 
INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE 
GUAYNABO,PR PBS 
Prospectus Number: PPR-02-GU15 
Congressional District: AL 
Executive Summary 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a replacement lease of up to 92,500 
rentable square feet (RSF) of space for the Internal Revenue Service (IRS), currently located at 
the San Patricio Office Center, at 7 Tabonuco Street, Guaynabo, Puerto Rico, under a lease 
expiring November 5, 2015. 
The replacement lease will provide continued housing for IRS and will improve office and 
overall utilization rates from 87 to 64 usable square feet (USF) per person and 160 to 146 USF 
per person, respectively. As a result of the improved utilization, the replacement lease will 
reduce the rentable square footage of the requirement by approximately 10 percent, a 10,201 
RSF reduction from IRS's current 
occupancy. 
Description 
Occupant: 
Lease Type 
Current Rentable Square Feet (RSF) 
Proposed Maximum RSF: 
Expansion/Reduction RSF: 
Current Usable Square Feet/Person: 
Proposed Usable Square Feet/Person: 
Proposed Maximum Lease Tenn: 
Expiration Dates of Current Leases: 
Delineated Area: 
Number of Official Parking Spaces: 
Scoring: 
Maximum Proposed Rental Rate1: 
Proposed Total Annual Cose: 
Current Total Annual Cost: Internal Revenue 
Service 
Replacement 
102,701 
92,500 
10,201 RSF reduction 
160 
146 
20Years 
ll/05/2015 
Guaynabo and Hato Rey within the San Juan 
metropolitan area. 
21 
Operating lease 
$50.00 per RSF 
$4,625,000 
$4,380,517 (lease effective 1116/2000) 
This estimate is for fiscal year 2016 and may be escalated by 2.0 percent annually to the effective date of the lease 
to account for inflation. The proposed rental rate is fully serviced including all operating expenses whether paid by 
the lessor or directly by the Government. GSA will conduct the procurement using prevailing market rental rates as 
a benchmark for the evaluation of competitive offers and as a basis for negotiating with offerors to ensure that lease 
award is made in the best interest of the Government. Lease award shall not exceed the maximum rental rate as 
specified in this prospectus. 
2New leases may contain an escalation clause to provide for annual changes in real estate taxes and operating costs. 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1354 February 26, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00188 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.087 H26FEPT1
Insert offset folio 1431/56 here EH26FE15.045SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
Justification PROSPECTUS LEASE 
INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE 
GUAYNABO, PR PBS 
Prospectus Number: PPR-02-GU15 
Congressional District: AL 
IRS is currently located at the San Patricio Office Center in Guaynabo and the ability of its 
personnel to operate efficiently is hindered by the distribution of work functions over several 
floors. As a result, IRS would like to consolidate its operations by reducing its space 
requirements by 10,201 rentable square feet. In the absence of this reduction, the status quo cost 
of continued occupancy at the proposed market rental rate would be $5,135,050 per year. A new 
consolidated location will provide IRS with efficient space to meet its current requirements as 
well as their long-term housing needs in the San Juan/Guaynabo area. 
Summary of Energy Compliance 
GSA will incorporate energy efficiency requirements into the Request for Lease Proposals and 
other documents related to 
the procurement of space based on the approved prospectus. GSA 
encourages offerors to exceed minimum requirements set forth in the procurement and to achieve 
an Energy Star performance rating of75 or higher. 
Resolutions of Approval 
Resolutions adopted by the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the 
Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works approving this prospectus will constitute 
approval to make appropriations to lease space in a facility that will yield the required rentable 
area. 
Interim Leasing 
GSA will execute such interim leasing actions as are necessary to ensure continued housing of 
the tenant agency prior to the effective date of the new lease. It is in the best interest of the 
Government to avert the financial risk of holdover tenancy. 
2 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1355 February 26, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00189 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.087 H26FEPT1
Insert offset folio 1431/57 here EH26FE15.046SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
Certification of Need PROSPECTUS-LEASE 
INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE 
GUA YNABO, PR PBS 
Prospectus Number: PPR-02-GU15 
Congressional District: AL 
The proposed lease is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
September 29, 2014 
::~~:~a~in~o~DC,jp\ 
Commissioner, Public Buildings Service 
3 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1356 February 26, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00190 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.087 H26FEPT1
Insert offset folio 1431/58 here EH26FE15.047SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
April:l014 
Locations Personnel 
Office 
7 Tobonuco Street, Guaynabo, PR 523 
Proposed Lease 
Totll] 523 
Rate I 87 
UR=average amount of office space per person 
Current UR excludes 12,860 usf of office support space 
Proposed UR excludes 9,245 usf of office support space 
NOTES: Total 
523 
523 Housing Plan 
Internal Revenue Service 
CURRENT 
Usable Square Feet (USF) 
Offiee Storage Special Total 
58,455 7,000 18,000 83 455 
58455 ~~-~_?,{)00 - l~,IJOO '-83,455 
2Calculation excludes Judiciary, Congress and agencies with less than 10 people 
4RIU Facror"" Max RSF divided by total USF Personnel 
Office Total 
515 515 
515 ..... 515 ...... PROPOSED PPR-(12-GU15 
Guaynabo, PR 
Usable Square Feet (USF) 
Office Storage Special Total 
42,023 16,875 16,305 75.203 
-!2,lg:3 "-~-~-· t_M75 16,305 75,203 
Special Spa~e USf 
Health Unit 1,418 
NTEU President 348 
MailRoom 1,564 
Conference/Training 11.850 
AOP 625 
Food Service Area 500 
!..... Total 16.3115 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1357 February 26, 2015 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
LEASE —ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY , 
DALLAS , TX 
Resolved by the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, 
appropriations are authorized for a replace-ment lease of up to 229,000 rentable square feet of space, including 40 official parking spaces, for the U.S. Environmental Protec-tion Agency currently located at 1445 Ross Street in Dallas, Texas, at a proposed total annual cost of $6,412,000 for a lease term of up to 20 years, a prospectus for which is at-tached to and included in this resolution. 
Approval of this prospectus constitutes au-
thority to execute an interim lease for all tenants, if necessary, prior to the execution 
of the new lease. 
Provided that, the Administrator of General 
Services and tenant agencies agree to apply an overall utilization rate of 188 square feet or less per person. 
Provided that, except for interim leases as 
described above, the Administrator may not enter into any leases that are below pro-spectus level for the purposes of meeting any of the requirements, or portions thereof, in-
cluded in the prospectus that would result in an overall utilization rate of 188 square feet or higher per person. 
Provided that, to the maximum extent 
practicable, the Administrator shall include in the lease contract(s) a purchase option that can be exercised at the conclusion of the firm term of the lease. Provided further, that the Administrator 
shall require that the delineated area of the procurement is identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, except that, if the Administrator determines that the de-lineated area of the procurement should not be identical to the delineated area included 
in the prospectus, the Administrator shall provide an explanatory statement to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives prior to exercising any lease authority pro-vided in this resolution. 
Provided further, that the General Services 
Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00191 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.088 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1358 February 26, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00192 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.088 H26FEPT1
Insert offset folio 1431/60 here EH26FE15.048SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE1 GSA PBS 
PROSPECTUS-LEASE 
ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY 
DALLAS, TX 
Executive Summary Prospectus Number: PTX-01-DA15 
Congressional District: 30 
The U.S. General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a replacement lease of up to 
229,000 rentable square feet (RSF) for the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) 
currently located at 1445 Ross Street, Dallas, Texas. 
The replacement lease will provide continued housing for EPA and will improve EPA's 
office and overall utilization rates from 153 to 1 02 usable square feet (US F) per person 
and 226 to 188 USF per person, respectively. As a result of the improved utilization, the 
replacement lease will reduce the rentable square footage of the requirement by 12 
percent, a 30,432 RSF reduction from EPA's current occupancy. 
Description 
Occupant: 
Lease Type 
Current Rentable Square Feet (RSF) 
Proposed Maximum RSF: 
Expansion/Reduction RSF: 
Current Usable Square Feet/Person: 
Proposed Usable Square Feet/Person: 
Proposed Maximum Lease Term: 
Expiration Dates of Current Leases: 
Delineated Area: 
Number of Official Parking Spaces: 
Scoring: 
Maximum Proposed Rental Rate1: 
Proposed Total Annual Cost2: 
Current Total Annual Cose: EPA 
Replacement 
259,432 (Current RSFIUSF = 1.08) 
229,000 (Proposed RSFIUSF = 1.15) 
39,432 RSF reduction 
226 
188 
20 Years 
2/8/2017 
The Central Business District bounded by: 
North-Woodall Rogers Freeway 
South • R.L. Thornton Freeway 
East -Central Expressway 
West -Sternmons Freeway 
40 
Operating lease 
$28.00 per RSF 
$6,412,000 
$4,819,272(lease effective 2/0911997) 
This estimate is for fiscal year 2015 and may be escalated by 2.0 percent annually to the effective date of 
the lease to account for inflation. The proposed rental rate is fully serviced including all operating 
expenses whether paid by the lessor or directly by the Government. GSA will conduct the procurement 
using prevailing market rental rates as a benchmark for the evaluation of competitive offers and as a basis 
for negotiating with offerors to ensure that lease award is made in the best interest of the Government. 
Lease award shall 
not exceed the maximum rental rate as specified in this prospectus. 
~ew leases may contain an escalation clause to provide for annual changes in real estate taxes and 
operating costs. 
3 The current lease includes 13,215 rentable square feet of space that was vacated by EPA in 2010. The 
current total annual cost includes 
the rent associated with the vacancy. The entire lease is 272,647 rentable 
square feet. 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1359 February 26, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00193 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.088 H26FEPT1
Insert offset folio 1431/61 here EH26FE15.049SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS-LEASE 
ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY 
DALLAS, TX PBS 
Prospectus Number: PTX-01-DAlS 
Congressional District: 30 
Acquisition Strategy 
In order to maximize the flexibility in acquiring space to house EPA, GSA may issue a 
single, multiple award solicitation that will allow offerors to provide blocks of space able 
to meet the requirements in whole or in part. All offers must provide space consistent 
with the delineated area defined by this prospectus. 
Justification 
EPA has developed a program of requirements for replacement space to house its Region 
6 Headquarters in Dallas, Texas. The proposed requirements utilize new space standards 
developed to improve space efficiency and employee productivity and will reduce EPA's 
footprint by 30,432 RSF. In the absence of this reduction, the status quo cost of 
continued occupancy at the proposed market rental rate would be $7,264,096 per year. 
Summary of Energy Compliance 
GSA will incorporate energy efficiency requirements into the Request for Lease 
Proposals and other documents related to the procurement of space based on the 
approved prospectus. GSA encourages offerors to exceed minimum requirements set 
forth in the procurement and to achieve an Energy Star performance rating of 75 or 
higher. 
Resolutions of Approval 
Resolutions adopted by the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and 
the Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works approving this prospectus will 
constitute approval to make appropriations to lease space in a facility that wiJI yield the 
required rentable area. 
Interim Leasing 
GSA will execute such interim leasing actions as are necessary to ensure continued 
housing of the tenant agency prior to the effective date of the new lease. It is in the best 
interest of the Government to avert the financial risk ofholdover tenancy. 
2 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1360 February 26, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00194 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.088 H26FEPT1
Insert offset folio 1431/62 here EH26FE15.050SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS-LEASE 
ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY 
DALLAS, TX PBS 
Prospectus Number: PTX-0 1 ~DA 15 
Congressional District: 30 
Certification of Need 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
::~~~~~on~ 29, 2014 
Commissioner, Public Buildings Service 
3 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1361 February 26, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00195 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.088 H26FEPT1
Insert offset folio 1431/63 here EH26FE15.051SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
April2014 
Locations 1445 
Ross 
Avenue. 
Dallas, 
TX Prooosed 
Lease Total NOTES: 
10 
people 'RJU 
factor= 
Max 
RSF 
divided 
by 
total 
USF 
Housing 
Plan Environmental 
Protection 
Agency 
PTX-01-DA15 
Dallas, 
TX 
Total 198.739 198.739 USF 
26.712 8.626 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1362 February 26, 2015 
There was no objection. 
f 
PUBLICATION OF COMMITTEE 
RULES 
RULES OF THE HOUSE PERMANENT SELECT COM -
MITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE FOR THE 114TH CON -
GRESS  
Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to 
clause 2(a)(2) of rule XI, the rules of proce-dure for the House Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence for the 114th Congress are transmitted herewith. They were adopted on January 28, 2015 by voice vote. 
1. MEETING DAY  
Regular Meeting Day for the Full Com-
mittee. The regular meeting day of the Com-mittee for the transaction of Committee business shall be the first Thursday of each month, unless otherwise directed by the Chair. 
2. NOTICE FOR MEETINGS  
(a) Generally. In the case of any meeting of 
the Committee, the Chief Clerk of the Com-mittee shall provide reasonable notice to every member of the Committee. Such no-tice shall provide the time, place, and sub-ject matter of the meeting, and shall be made consistent with the provisions of clause 2(g)(3) of House rule XI. 
(b) Hearings. Except as provided in sub-
section (d), a Committee hearing may not commence earlier than one week after such notice. 
(c) Business Meetings. Except as provided 
in subsection (d), a Committee business meeting may not commence earlier than the third day on which Members have notice thereof 
(d) Exception. A hearing or business meet-
ing may begin sooner than otherwise speci-fied in either of the following circumstances (in which case the Chair shall provide the no-tice at the earliest possible time): 
(1) the Chair, with the concurrence of the 
Ranking Minority Member, determines there is good cause; or 
(2) the Committee so determines by major-
ity vote in the presence of the number of members required under the rules of the Committee for the transaction of business. 
(e) Definition. For purposes of this rule, 
‘‘notice’’ means: 
(1) Written notification; or (2) Notification delivered by facsimile 
transmission, regular mail, or electronic mail. 
3. PREPARATIONS FOR COMMITTEE MEETINGS  
(a) Generally. Designated Committee Staff, 
as directed by the Chair, shall brief members of the Committee at a time sufficiently prior to any Committee meeting in order to: 
(1) Assist Committee members in prepara-
tion for such meeting; and 
(2) Determine which matters members wish 
considered during any meeting. 
(b) Briefing Materials. (1) Such a briefing shall, at the request of 
a member, include a list of all pertinent pa-pers and such other materials that have been obtained by the Committee that bear on matters to be considered at the meeting; and 
(2) The Staff Director shall also rec-
ommend to the Chair any testimony, papers, or other materials to be presented to the Committee at the meeting of the Committee. 
4. OPEN MEETINGS  
(a) Generally. Pursuant to House Rule XI, 
but subject to the limitations of subsections (b) and (c), Committee meetings held for the transaction of business and Committee hear-ings shall be open to the public. 
(b) Meetings. Any meeting or portion 
thereof for the transaction of business, in-cluding the markup of legislation, or any 
hearing or portion thereof shall be closed to the public if the Committee determines by record vote in open session, with a majority of the Committee present, that disclosure of the matters to be discussed may: 
(1) Endanger national security; (2) Compromise sensitive law enforcement 
information; 
(3) Tend to defame, degrade, or incriminate 
any person; or 
(4) Otherwise violate any law or Rule of 
the House. 
(c) Hearings. The Committee may vote to 
close a Committee hearing pursuant to clause 11(d)(2) of House Rule X, regardless of whether a majority is present, so long as at least two members of the Committee are present, one of whom is a member of the Mi-nority and votes upon the motion. 
(d) Briefings. Committee briefings shall be 
closed to the public. 
5. QUORUM  
(a) Hearings. For purposes of taking testi-
mony, or receiving evidence, a quorum shall consist of two Committee members, at least one of whom is a member of the Majority. 
(b) Reporting Measures and Recommenda-
tions. For purposes of reporting a measure or recommendation, a quorum shall consist of a majority of the Committee’s members. 
(c) Other Committee Proceedings. For pur-
poses of the transaction of all other Com-mittee business, other than the consider-ation of a motion to close a hearing as de-scribed in rule 4(c), a quorum shall consist of one-third of the Committee’s members. 
6. PROCEDURES FOR AMENDMENTS AND VOTES  
(a) Amendments. When a bill or resolution 
is being considered by the Committee, mem-bers shall provide the Chief Clerk in a timely manner with a sufficient number of written copies of any amendment offered, so as to en-able each member present to receive a copy thereof prior to taking action. A point of order may be made against any amendment not reduced to writing. A copy of each such amendment shall be maintained in the pub-lic records of the Committee. 
(b) Reporting Record Votes. Whenever the 
Committee reports any measure or matter by record vote, the report of the Committee upon such measure or matter shall include a tabulation of the votes cast in favor of, and the votes cast in opposition to, such measure or matter. 
(c) Postponement of Further Proceedings. 
In accordance with clause 2(h) of House Rule XI, the Chair is authorized to postpone fur-ther proceedings when a record vote is or-dered on the question of approving a measure or matter or adopting an amendment. The Chair may resume proceedings on a post-poned request at any time after reasonable notice. When proceedings resume on a post-poned question, notwithstanding any inter-vening order for the previous question, an underlying proposition shall remain subject to further debate or amendment to the same extent as when the question was postponed. 
(d) Availability of Record Votes on Com-
mittee Website. In addition to any other re-quirement of the Rules of the House, the Chair shall make the record votes on any measure or matter on which a record vote is taken, other than a motion to close a Com-mittee hearing, briefing, or meeting, avail-able on the Committee’s website not later than 2 business days after such vote is taken. Such record shall include an unclassified de-scription of the amendment, motion, order, or other proposition, the name of each mem-ber voting in favor of, and each member vot-ing in opposition to, such amendment, mo-tion, order, or proposition, and the names of those members of the Committee present but not voting. 7. SUBCOMMITTEES  
(a) Generally. 
(1) Creation of subcommittees shall be by 
majority vote of the Committee. 
(2) Subcommittees shall deal with such 
legislation and oversight of programs and policies as the Committee may direct. 
(3) Subcommittees shall be governed by 
these rules. 
(4) For purposes of these rules, any ref-
erence herein to the ‘‘Committee’’ shall be interpreted to include subcommittees, unless otherwise specifically provided. 
(b) Establishment of Subcommittees. The 
Committee establishes the following sub-committees: 
(1) Subcommittee on the Central Intel-
ligence Agency; 
(2) Subcommittee on the National Security 
Agency and Cybersecurity 
(3) Subcommittee on Emerging Threats; 
and 
(4) Subcommittee on Department of De-
fense Intelligence and Overhead Architec-ture. 
(c) Subcommittee Membership. (1) Generally. Each member of the Com-
mittee may be assigned to at least one of the subcommittees. 
(2) Ex Officio Membership. In the event 
that the Chair and Ranking Minority Mem-ber of the full Committee do not choose to sit as regular voting members of one or more of the subcommittees, each is authorized to sit as an ex officio member of the subcommit-
tees and participate in the work of the sub-committees. When sitting ex officio , however, 
they: 
(A) Shall not have a vote in the sub-
committee; and 
(B) Shall not be counted for purposes of de-
termining a quorum. 
(d) Regular Meeting Day for Subcommit-
tees. There is no regular meeting day for subcommittees. 
8. PROCEDURES FOR TAKING TESTIMONY OR  
RECEIVING EVIDENCE  
(a) Notice. Adequate notice shall be given 
to all witnesses appearing before the Com-mittee. 
(b) Oath or Affirmation. The Chair may re-
quire testimony of witnesses to be given under oath or affirmation. 
(c) Administration of Oath or Affirmation. 
Upon the determination that a witness shall testify under oath or affirmation, any mem-ber of the Committee designated by the Chair may administer the oath or affirma-tion. 
(d) Questioning of Witnesses. (1) Generally. Questioning of witnesses be-
fore the Committee shall be conducted by members of the Committee. 
(2) Exceptions. (A) The Chair, in consultation with the 
Ranking Minority Member, may determine that Committee Staff will be authorized to question witnesses at a hearing in accord-ance with clause (2)(j) of House Rule XI. 
(B) The Chair and Ranking Minority Mem-
ber are each authorized to designate Com-mittee Staff to conduct such questioning. 
(e) Counsel for the Witness. (1) Generally. Witnesses before the Com-
mittee may be accompanied by counsel, sub-ject to the requirements of paragraph (2). 
(2) Counsel Clearances Required. In the 
event that a meeting of the Committee has 
been closed because the subject to be dis-cussed deals with classified information, counsel accompanying a witness before the Committee must possess the requisite secu-rity clearance and provide proof of such clearance to the Committee at least 24 hours prior to the meeting at which the counsel in-tends to be present. 
(3) Failure to Obtain Counsel. Any witness 
who is unable to obtain counsel should no-tify the Committee. If such notification oc-curs at least 24 hours prior to the witness’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00196 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26FE7.167 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1363 February 26, 2015 
appearance before the Committee, the Com-
mittee shall then endeavor to obtain vol-untary counsel for the witness. Failure to obtain counsel, however, will not excuse the witness from appearing and testifying. 
(4) Conduct of Counsel for Witnesses. Coun-
sel for witnesses appearing before the Com-mittee shall conduct themselves ethically and professionally at all times in their deal-ings with the Committee. 
(A) A majority of members of the Com-
mittee may, should circumstances warrant, find that counsel for a witness before the Committee failed to conduct himself or her-self in an ethical or professional manner. 
(B) Upon such finding, counsel may be sub-
ject to appropriate disciplinary action. 
(5) Temporary Removal of Counsel. The 
Chair may remove counsel during any pro-ceeding before the Committee for failure to act in an ethical and professional manner. 
(6) Committee Reversal. A majority of the 
members of the Committee may vote to overturn the decision of the Chair to remove counsel for a witness. 
(7) Role of Counsel for Witness. (A) Counsel for a witness: (i) Shall not be allowed to examine wit-
nesses before the Committee, either directly or through cross-examination; but 
(ii) May submit questions in writing to the 
Committee that counsel wishes propounded to a witness; or 
(iii) May suggest, in writing to the Com-
mittee, the presentation of other evidence or the calling of other witnesses. 
(B) The Committee may make such use of 
any such questions, or suggestions, as the Committee deems appropriate. 
(f) Statements by Witnesses. (1) Generally. A witness may make a state-
ment, which shall be brief and relevant, at the beginning and at the conclusion of the witness’ testimony. 
(2) Length. Each such statement shall not 
exceed five minutes in length, unless other-wise determined by the Chair. 
(3) Submission to the Committee. Any wit-
ness desiring to submit a written statement for the record of the proceeding shall submit a copy of the statement to the Chief Clerk of the Committee. 
(A) Such statements shall ordinarily be 
submitted no less than 48 hours in advance of the witness’ appearance before the Com-mittee and shall be submitted in written and electronic format. 
(B) In the event that the hearing was 
called with less than 24 hours notice, written statements should be submitted as soon as practicable prior to the hearing. 
(g) Objections and Ruling. (1) Generally. Any objection raised by a 
witness, or counsel for the witness, shall be ruled upon by the Chair, and such ruling shall be the ruling of the Committee. 
(2) Committee Action. A ruling by the 
Chair may be overturned upon a majority vote of the Committee. 
(h) Transcripts. (1) Transcript Required. A transcript shall 
be made of the testimony of each witness ap-pearing before the Committee during any hearing of the Committee. 
(2) Opportunity to Inspect. Any witness 
testifying before the Committee shall be given a reasonable opportunity to inspect the transcript of the hearing, and may be ac-companied by counsel to determine whether such testimony was correctly transcribed. Such counsel: 
(A) May review the transcript only if he or 
she has the appropriate security clearances necessary to review any classified aspect of the transcript; and 
(B) Should, to the extent possible, be the 
same counsel that was present for such clas-sified testimony. (3) Corrections. 
(A) Pursuant to Rule XI of the House 
Rules, any corrections the witness desires to make in a transcript shall be limited to technical, grammatical, and typographical corrections. 
(B) Corrections may not be made to change 
the substance of the testimony. 
(C) Such corrections shall be submitted in 
writing to the Committee within 7 days after the transcript is made available to the wit-nesses. 
(D) Any questions arising with respect to 
such corrections shall be decided by the Chair 
(4) Copy for the Witness. At the request of 
the witness, any portion of the witness’ tes-timony given in executive session shall be made available to that witness if that testi-mony is subsequently quoted or intended to be made part of a public record. Such testi-mony shall be made available to the witness at the witness’ expense. 
(i) Requests to Testify. (1) Generally. The Committee will consider 
requests to testify on any matter or measure pending before the Committee. 
(2) Recommendations for Additional Evi-
dence. Any person who believes that testi-mony, other evidence, or commentary, pre-sented at a public hearing may tend to affect adversely that person’s reputation may sub-mit to the Committee, in writing: 
(A) A request to appear personally before 
the Committee; 
(B) A sworn statement of facts relevant to 
the testimony, evidence, or commentary; or 
(C) Proposed questions for the cross-exam-
ination of other witnesses. 
(3) Committee Discretion. The Committee 
may take those actions it deems appropriate with respect to such requests. 
(j) Contempt Procedures. Citations for con-
tempt of Congress shall be forwarded to the House only if: 
(1) Reasonable notice is provided to all 
members of the Committee of a meeting to be held to consider any such contempt rec-ommendations; 
(2) The Committee has met and considered 
the contempt allegations; 
(3) The subject of the allegations was af-
forded an opportunity to state either in writ-ing or in person, why he or she should not be held in contempt; and 
(4) The Committee agreed by majority vote 
to forward the citation recommendations to the House. 
(k) Release of Name of Witness. (1) Generally. At the request of a witness 
scheduled to be heard by the Committee, the name of that witness shall not be released publicly prior to, or after, the witness’ ap-pearance before the Committee. 
(2) Exceptions. Notwithstanding paragraph 
(1), the Chair may authorize the release to the public of the name of any witness sched-uled to appear before the Committee. 
9. INVESTIGATIONS  
(a) Commencing Investigations. The Com-
mittee shall conduct investigations only if approved by the Chair, in consultation with the Ranking Minority Member. 
(b) Conducting Investigations. An author-
ized investigation may be conducted by members of the Committee or Committee Staff designated by the Chair, in consulta-tion with the Ranking Minority Member, to undertake any such investigation. 
10. SUBPOENAS  
(a) Generally. All subpoenas shall be au-
thorized by the Chair of the full Committee, upon consultation with the Ranking Minor-ity Member, or by vote of the full Com-mittee. 
(b) Subpoena Contents. Any subpoena au-
thorized by the Chair of the full Committee or by the full Committee may compel: (1) The attendance of witnesses and testi-
mony before the Committee; or 
(2) The production of memoranda, docu-
ments, records, or any other tangible item. 
(c) Signing of Subpoena. A subpoena au-
thorized by the Chair of the full Committee or by the full Committee may be signed by the Chair or by any member of the Com-mittee designated to do so by the full Com-mittee. 
(d) Subpoena Service. A subpoena author-
ized by the Chair of the full Committee, or by the full Committee, may be served by any person designated to do so by the Chair. 
(e) Other Requirements. Each subpoena 
shall have attached thereto a copy of these rules. 
11. COMMITTEE STAFF  
(a) Definition. For the purpose of these 
rules, ‘‘Committee Staff’ or ‘‘Staff of the Committee’’ means: 
(1) Employees of the Committee; (2) Consultants to the Committee; 
(3) Employees of other Government agen-
cies detailed to the Committee; or 
(4) Any other person engaged by contract, 
or otherwise, to perform services for, or at the request of, the Committee. 
(b) Appointment of Committee Staff and 
Security Requirements. 
(1) Chair’s Authority. Except as provided 
in paragraph (2), the Committee Staff shall be appointed, and may be removed, by the Chair and shall work under the general su-pervision and direction of the Chair. 
(2) Staff Assistance to Minority Member-
ship. Except as provided in paragraphs (3) and (4), and except as otherwise provided by Committee Rules, the Committee Staff pro-vided to the Minority Party members of the Committee shall be appointed, and may be removed, by the Ranking Minority Member of the Committee, and shall work under the general supervision and direction of such member. 
(3) Security Clearance Required. All offers 
of employment for prospective Committee Staff positions shall be contingent upon: 
(A) The results of a background investiga-
tion; and 
(B) A determination by the Chair that re-
quirements for the appropriate security clearances have been met. 
(4) Security Requirements. Notwith-
standing paragraph (2), the Chair shall super-vise and direct the Committee Staff with re-spect to the security and nondisclosure of classified information. Committee Staff shall comply with requirements necessary to ensure the security and nondisclosure of classified information as determined by the Chair in consultation with the Ranking Mi-nority Member. 
12. LIMIT ON DISCUSSION OF CLASSIFIED WORK  
OF THE COMMITTEE  
(a) Prohibition. 
(1) Generally. Except as otherwise provided 
by these rules and the Rules of the House of Representatives, members of the Committee and Committee Staff shall not at any time, either during that person’s tenure as a mem-ber of the Committee or as Committee Staff, or anytime thereafter, discuss or disclose, or cause to be discussed or disclosed: 
(A) The classified substance of the work of 
the Committee; 
(B) Any information received by the Com-
mittee in executive session; 
(C) Any classified information received by 
the Committee from any source; or 
(D) The substance of any hearing that was 
closed to the public pursuant to these rules or the Rules of the House. 
(2) Non-Disclosure in Proceedings. (A) Members of the Committee and the 
Committee Staff shall not discuss either the substance or procedure of the work of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00197 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.092 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1364 February 26, 2015 
Committee with any person not a member of 
the Committee or the Committee Staff in connection with any proceeding, judicial or otherwise, either during the person’s tenure as a member of the Committee, or of the Committee Staff, or at any time thereafter, except as directed by the Committee in ac-cordance with the Rules of the House and these rules. 
(B) In the event of the termination of the 
Committee, members and Committee Staff shall be governed in these matters in a man-ner determined by the House concerning dis-cussions of the classified work of the Com-mittee. 
(3) Exceptions. (A) Notwithstanding the provisions of sub-
section (a)(1), members of the Committee and the Committee Staff may discuss and disclose those matters described in sub-section (a)(1) with: 
(i) Members and staff of the Senate Select 
Committee on Intelligence designated by the chair of that committee; 
(ii) The chairmen and ranking minority 
members of the House and Senate Commit-tees on Appropriations and staff of those committees designated by the chairmen of those committees; and, 
(iii) The chair and ranking minority mem-
ber of the Subcommittee on Defense of the House Committee on Appropriations and staff of that subcommittee as designated by the chair of that subcommittee, or Members of that subcommittee designated by the Chair pursuant to clause (g)(1) of Committee Rule 14. 
(B) Notwithstanding the provisions of sub-
section (a)(1), members of the Committee and the Committee Staff may discuss and disclose only that budget-related informa-tion necessary to facilitate the enactment of the annual defense authorization bill with the chairmen and ranking minority members of the House and Senate Committees on Armed Services and the staff of those com-mittees as designated by the chairmen of those committees. 
(C) Notwithstanding the provisions of sub-
section (a)(1), members of the Committee and the Committee Staff may discuss with and disclose to the chair and ranking minor-ity member of a subcommittee of the House Appropriations Committee with jurisdiction over an agency or program within the Na-tional Intelligence Program (NIP), and staff of that subcommittee as designated by the chair of that subcommittee, only that budg-et-related information necessary to facili-tate the enactment of an appropriations bill within which is included an appropriation for an agency or program within the NIP. 
(D) The Chair may, in consultation with 
the Ranking Minority Member, upon the written request to the Chair from the Inspec-tor General of an element of the Intelligence Community, grant access to Committee transcripts or documents that are relevant to an investigation of an allegation of pos-sible false testimony or other inappropriate conduct before the Committee, or that are otherwise relevant to the Inspector General’s investigation. 
(E) Upon the written request of the head of 
an Intelligence Community element, the Chair may, in consultation with the Ranking Minority Member, make available Com-mittee briefing or hearing transcripts to that element for review by that element if a representative of that element testified, pre-sented information to the Committee, or was present at the briefing or hearing the tran-script of which is requested for review. 
(F) Members and Committee Staff may dis-
cuss and disclose such matters as otherwise directed by the Committee. 
(4) Records of Closed Proceedings. Any 
records or notes taken by any person memo-rializing material otherwise prohibited from 
disclosure by members of the Committee and Committee Staff under these rules, including information received in executive session and the substance of any hearing or briefing that was closed to the public, shall remain Committee material subject to these rules and may not be publicly discussed, disclosed, or caused to be publicly discussed or dis-closed, unless authorized by the Committee consistent with these rules. 
(b) Non-Disclosure Agreement. (1) Generally. All Committee Staff must, 
before joining the Committee Staff agree in writing, as a condition of employment, not to divulge or cause to be divulged any classi-fied information which comes into such per-son’s possession while a member of the Com-mittee Staff, to any person not a member of the Committee or the Committee Staff, ex-cept as authorized by the Committee in ac-cordance with the Rules of the House and these Rules. 
(2) Other Requirements. In the event of the 
termination of the Committee, members and Committee Staff must follow any determina-tion by the House of Representatives with respect to the protection of classified infor-mation received while a member of the Com-mittee or as Committee Staff. 
(3) Requests for Testimony of Staff. (A) All Committee Staff must, as a condi-
tion of employment, agree in writing to no-tify the Committee immediately of any re-quest for testimony received while a member of the Committee Staff, or at any time thereafter, concerning any classified infor-mation received by such person while a member of the Committee Staff. 
(B) Committee Staff shall not disclose, in 
response to any such request for testimony, any such classified information, except as authorized by the Committee in accordance with the Rules of the House and these rules. 
(C) In the event of the termination of the 
Committee, Committee Staff will be subject to any determination made by the House of Representatives with respect to any requests for testimony involving classified informa-tion received while a member of the Com-mittee Staff 
13. CLASSIFIED MATERIAL  
(a) Receipt of Classified Information. 
(1) Generally. In the case of any informa-
tion that has been classified under estab-lished security procedures and submitted to the Committee by any source, the Com-mittee shall receive such classified informa-tion as executive session material. 
(2) Staff Receipt of Classified Materials. 
For purposes of receiving classified informa-tion, the Committee Staff is authorized to accept information on behalf of the Com-mittee. 
(b) Non-Disclosure of Classified Informa-
tion. Any classified information received by the Committee, from any source, shall not be disclosed to any person not a member of the Committee or the Committee Staff, or other-wise released, except as authorized by the Committee in accordance with the Rules of the House and these rules. 
(c) Exception for Non-Exclusive Materials. (1) Non-Exclusive Materials. Any materials 
provided to the Committee by the executive branch, if provided in whole or in part for the purpose of review by members who are not members of the Committee, shall be re-ceived or held by the Committee on a non-ex-clusive basis. Classified information provided to the Committee shall be considered to have been provided on an exclusive basis unless the executive branch provides a specific, written statement to the contrary. 
(2) Access for Non-Committee Members. In 
the case of materials received on a non-ex-clusive basis, the Chair, in consultation with the Ranking Minority Member, may grant 
non-Committee members access to such ma-terials in accordance with the requirements of Rule 14(f)(4), notwithstanding paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) of Rule 14. 
14. PROCEDURES RELATED TO HANDLING OF  
CLASSIFIED INFORMATION  
(a) Security Measures. 
(1) Strict Security. The Committee’s of-
fices shall operate under strict security pro-cedures administered by the Director of Se-curity and Registry of the Committee under the direct supervision of the Staff Director. 
(2) U.S. Capitol Police Presence Required. 
At least one U.S. Capitol Police officer shall be on duty at all times outside the entrance to Committee offices to control entry of all persons to such offices. 
(3) Identification Required. Before entering 
the Committee’s offices all persons shall identify themselves to the U.S. Capitol Po-lice officer described in paragraph (2) and to a member of the Committee or Committee Staff. 
(4) Maintenance of Classified Materials. 
Classified documents shall be segregated and maintained in approved security storage lo-cations. 
(5) Examination of Classified Materials. 
Classified documents in the Committee’s possession shall be examined in an appro-priately secure manner. 
(6) Prohibition on Removal of Classified 
Materials. Removal of any classified docu-ment from the Committee’s offices is strict-ly prohibited, except as provided by these rules. 
(7) Exception. Notwithstanding the prohi-
bition set forth in paragraph (6), a classified document, or copy thereof, may be removed from the Committee’s offices in furtherance of official Committee business. Appropriate security procedures shall govern the han-dling of any classified documents removed from the Committee’s offices. 
(b) Access to Classified Information by 
Members. All members of the Committee shall at all times have access to all classified papers and other material received by the Committee from any source. 
(c) Need-to-know. (1) Generally. Committee Staff shall have 
access to any classified information provided to the Committee on a strict ‘‘need-to- know’’ basis, as determined by the Com-mittee, and under the Committee’s direction by the Staff Director. 
(2) Appropriate Clearances Required. Com-
mittee Staff must have the appropriate clearances prior to any access to compart-mented information. 
(d) Oath. (1) Requirement. Before any member of the 
Committee, or the Committee Staff, shall have access to classified information, the following oath shall be executed: 
‘‘I do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will 
not disclose or cause to be disclosed any classified information received in the course of my service on the House Permanent Se-lect Committee on Intelligence, except when authorized to do so by the Committee or the House of Representatives.’’ 
(2) Copy. A copy of such executed oath 
shall be retained in the files of the Com-mittee. 
(e) Registry. (1) Generally. The Committee shall main-
tain a registry that: 
(A) Provides a brief description of the con-
tent of all classified documents provided to the Committee by the executive branch that remain in the possession of the Committee; and 
(B) Lists by number all such documents. (2) Designation by the Staff Director. The 
Staff Director shall designate a member of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00198 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.094 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1365 February 26, 2015 
the Committee Staff to be responsible for 
the organization and daily maintenance of such registry. 
(3) Availability. Such registry shall be 
available to all members of the Committee and Committee Staff. 
(f) Requests by Members of Other Commit-
tees. Pursuant to the Rules of the House, members who are not members of the Com-mittee may be granted access to such classi-fied transcripts, records, data, charts, or files of the Committee, and be admitted on a non-participatory basis to classified hearings of the Committee involving discussions of classified material in the following manner: 
(1) Written Notification Required. Mem-
bers who desire to examine classified mate-rials in the possession of the Committee, or to attend Committee hearings or briefings on a non-participatory basis, must notify the Chief Clerk of the Committee in writing. Such notification shall state with specificity the justification for the request and the need for access. 
(2) Committee Consideration. The Com-
mittee shall consider each such request by non-Committee members at the earliest practicable opportunity. The Committee shall determine, by record vote, what action it deems appropriate in light of all of the cir-cumstances of each request. In its deter-mination, the Committee shall consider: 
(A) The sensitivity to the national defense 
or the confidential conduct of the foreign re-lations of the United States of the informa-tion sought; 
(B) The likelihood of its being directly or 
indirectly disclosed; 
(C) The jurisdictional interest of the mem-
ber making the request; and 
(D) Such other concerns, constitutional or 
otherwise, as may affect the public interest of the United States. 
(3) Committee Action. After consideration 
of the member’s request, the Committee may take any action it deems appropriate under the circumstances, including but not limited to: 
(A) Approving the request, in whole or 
part; 
(B) Denying the request; (C) Providing the requested information or 
material in a different form than that sought by the member; or 
(D) Making the requested information or 
material available to all members of the House. 
(4) Chair and Ranking Member Consider-
ation of Requests for Previously Granted Materials: If the Committee has granted a non-Committee member access to classified materials, the Chair and Ranking Member may jointly determine, in writing, what ac-tion they deem appropriate for subsequent requests for the same materials in the same Congress. 
(A) In their determination, the Chair and 
Ranking Member shall consider the factors described in paragraph (2) and may take any action they deem appropriate, including, but not limited to, the actions described in para-graph (3) and referring the request to the Committee for consideration. 
(B) If the Chair and Ranking Member are 
unable to reach a joint determination or if they refer a request to the Committee as de-scribed in subparagraph (A), the Committee shall consider the request at the earliest practicable opportunity in the manner de-scribed in paragraphs (2) and (3). 
(5) Requirements for Access by Non-Com-
mittee Members. Prior to a non-Committee member being given access to classified in-formation pursuant to this subsection, the requesting member shall: 
(A) Provide the Committee a copy of the 
oath executed by such member pursuant to House Rule XXIII, clause 13; and (B) Agree in writing not to divulge any 
classified information provided to the mem-ber, pursuant to this subsection, to any per-son not a member of the Committee or the Committee Staff, except as otherwise au-thorized by the Committee in accordance with the Rules of the House and these rules. 
(6) Consultation Authorized. When consid-
ering a member’s request, the Committee may consult the Director of National Intel-ligence and such other officials it considers necessary. 
(7) Finality of Committee Decision. (A) Should the member making such a re-
quest disagree with the determination by the Committee or the determination by the Chair and Ranking Member with respect to that request or any part thereof, that mem-ber must notify the Committee in writing of such disagreement. 
(B) The Committee shall subsequently con-
sider the matter and decide, by record vote, what further action or recommendation, if any, the Committee will take. 
(g) Admission of Designated Members of 
the Subcommittee on Defense of the Com-mittee on Appropriations. Notwithstanding the provisions of subsection (f), the Chair may admit no more than three designated Members of the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations to classi-fied hearings and briefings of the Committee involving discussions of classified material. Such Members may also be granted access to classified transcripts, records, data, charts or files of the Committee incident to such at-tendance. 
(1) Designation. The Chair may designate 
three Members of the Subcommittee to be el-igible for admission in consultation with the Ranking Minority Member, of whom not more than two may be from the same polit-ical party. Such designation shall be effec-tive for the entire Congress. 
(2) Admission. The Chair may determine 
whether to admit designated Members at each hearing or briefing of the Committee involving discussions of classified material. If the Chair admits any of the designated Members to a particular hearing or briefing, all three of the designated Members shall be admitted to that hearing or briefing. Des-ignated Members shall not be counted for quorum purposes and shall not have a vote in any meeting. 
(3) Requirements for Access. Prior to being 
given access to classified information pursu-ant to this subsection, a designated Member shall: 
(A) Provide the Committee a copy of the 
oath executed by such Member pursuant to House Rule XXIII, clause 13; and 
(B) Agree in writing not to divulge any 
classified information provided to the Mem-ber pursuant to this subsection to any person not a Member of the Committee or a des-ignated Member or authorized Staff of the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations, except as otherwise au-thorized by the Committee in accordance with the Rules of the House and these rules. 
(h) Admission of the Chair and Ranking 
Member of the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. Notwithstanding the provisions of sub-section (f), the Chair may admit the Chair and Ranking Member of the Committee on Armed Services to classified hearings and briefings of the Committee involving discus-sions of budget-related classified informa-tion necessary to facilitate the enactment of the annual defense authorization bill. Such members may also be granted access to clas-sified transcripts, records, data, charts or files of the Committee incident to such at-tendance. 
(1) Admission. The Chair may determine 
whether to admit the Chair and Ranking Member of the Committee on Armed Serv-ices at each hearing or briefing of the Com-
mittee. If the Chair admits either the Chair or Ranking Member of the Committee on Armed Services, both the Chair and Ranking Member shall be admitted to that hearing or briefing. The Chair and Ranking Member of the Committee on Armed Services shall not be counted for quorum purposes and shall not have a vote in any meeting. 
(2) Requirements for Access. Prior to being 
given access to classified information pursu-ant to this subsection, the Chair and Rank-ing Member of the Committee on Armed Services shall: 
(A) Provide the Committee a copy of the 
oath executed by such member pursuant to House Rule XXIII, clause 13; and 
(B) Agree in writing not to divulge any 
classified or executive session information provided to the member pursuant to this subsection to any person not a member of the Committee or authorized staff of the Committee on Armed Services except as oth-erwise authorized by the Committee in ac-cordance with the Rules of the House and these rules. 
(i) Advising the House or Other Commit-
tees. Pursuant to Section 501 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 413), and to the Rules of the House, the Committee shall call to the attention of the House, or to any other appropriate committee of the House, those matters requiring the attention of the House, or such other committee, on the basis of the following provisions: 
(1) By Request of Committee Member. At 
the request of any member of the Committee to call to the attention of the House, or any other committee, executive session material in the Committee’s possession, the Com-mittee shall meet at the earliest practicable opportunity to consider that request. 
(2) Committee Consideration of Request. 
The Committee shall consider the following factors, among any others it deems appro-priate: 
(A) The effect of the matter in question on 
the national defense or the foreign relations of the United States; 
(B) Whether the matter in question in-
volves sensitive intelligence sources and methods; 
(C) Whether the matter in question other-
wise raises questions affecting the national interest; and 
(D) Whether the matter in question affects 
matters within the jurisdiction of another Committee of the House. 
(3) Views of Other Committees. In exam-
ining such factors, the Committee may seek the opinion of members of the Committee appointed from standing committees of the House with jurisdiction over the matter in question, or submissions from such other committees. 
(4) Other Advice. The Committee may, dur-
ing its deliberations on such requests, seek the advice of any executive branch official. 
(j) Reasonable Opportunity to Examine 
Materials. Before the Committee makes any decision regarding any request for access to any classified information in its possession, or a proposal to bring any matter to the at-tention of the House or another committee, members of the Committee shall have a rea-sonable opportunity to examine all pertinent testimony, documents, or other materials in the Committee’s possession that may inform their decision on the question. 
(k) Notification to the House. The Com-
mittee may bring a matter to the attention of the House when, after consideration of the factors set forth in this rule, it considers the matter in question so grave that it requires the attention of all members of the House, and time is of the essence, or for any reason the Committee finds compelling. 
(1) Method of Disclosure to the House. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00199 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.096 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1366 February 26, 2015 
(1) Should the Committee decide by record 
vote that a matter requires the attention of the House as described in subsection (i), it shall make arrangements to notify the House promptly. 
(2) In such cases, the Committee shall con-
sider whether: 
(A) To request an immediate secret session 
of the House (with time equally divided be-tween the Majority and the Minority); or 
(B) To publicly disclose the matter in ques-
tion pursuant to clause 11(g) of House Rule X. 
(m) Requirement to Protect Sources and 
Methods. In bringing a matter to the atten-tion of the House, or another committee, the Committee, with due regard for the protec-tion of intelligence sources and methods, shall take all necessary steps to safeguard materials or information relating to the matter in question. 
(n) Availability of Information to Other 
Committees. The Committee, having deter-mined that a matter shall be brought to the attention of another committee, shall ensure that such matter, including all classified in-formation related to that matter, is prompt-ly made available to the chair and ranking minority member of such other committee. 
(o) Provision of Materials. The Director of 
Security and Registry for the Committee shall provide a copy of these rules, and the applicable portions of the Rules of the House of Representatives governing the handling of classified information, along with those ma-terials determined by the Committee to be made available to such other committee of the House or non-Committee member. 
(p) Ensuring Clearances and Secure Stor-
age. The Director of Security and Registry shall ensure that such other committee or non-Committee member receiving such clas-sified materials may properly store classified materials in a manner consistent with all governing rules, regulations, policies, proce-dures, and statutes. 
(q) Log. The Director of Security and Reg-
istry for the Committee shall maintain a written record identifying the particular classified document or material provided to such other committee or non-Committee member, the reasons agreed upon by the Committee for approving such transmission, and the name of the committee or non-Com-mittee member receiving such document or material. 
(r) Miscellaneous Requirements. (1) Staff Director’s Additional Authority. 
The Staff Director is further empowered to provide for such additional measures, which he or she deems necessary, to protect such classified information authorized by the Committee to be provided to such other com-mittee or non-Committee member. 
(2) Notice to Originating Agency. In the 
event that the Committee authorizes the dis-closure of classified information provided to the Committee by an agency of the executive branch to a non-Committee member or to another committee, the Chair may notify the providing agency of the Committee’s ac-tion prior to the transmission of such classi-fied information. 
15. LEGISLATIVE CALENDAR  
(a) Generally. The Chief Clerk, under the 
direction of the Staff Director, shall main-tain a printed calendar that lists: 
(1) The legislative measures introduced 
and referred to the Committee; 
(2) The status of such measures; and (3) Such other matters that the Committee 
may require. 
(b) Revisions to the Calendar. The calendar 
shall be revised from time to time to show pertinent changes. 
(c) Availability. A copy of each such revi-
sion shall be furnished to each member, upon request. (d) Consultation with Appropriate Govern-
ment Entities. Unless otherwise directed by the Committee, legislative measures referred to the Committee may be referred by the Chief Clerk to the appropriate department or agency of the Government for reports there-on. 
16. COMMITTEE WEBSITE  
The Chair shall maintain an official Com-
mittee web site for the purpose of furthering the Committee’s legislative and oversight re-sponsibilities, including communicating in-formation about the Committee’s activities to Committee members and other members of the House. 
17. MOTIONS TO GO TO CONFERENCE  
In accordance with clause 2(a) of House 
Rule XI, the Chair is authorized and directed to offer a privileged motion to go to con-ference under clause 1 of House Rule XXII whenever the Chair considers it appropriate. 
18. COMMITTEE TRAVEL  
(a) Authority. The Chair may authorize 
members and Committee Staff to travel on Committee business. 
(b) Requests. (1) Member Requests. Members requesting 
authorization for such travel shall state the purpose and length of the trip, and shall sub-mit such request directly to the Chair. 
(2) Committee Staff Requests. Committee 
Staff requesting authorization for such trav-el shall state the purpose and length of the trip, and shall submit such request through their supervisors to the Staff Director and the Chair. 
(c) Notification to Members. (1) Generally. Members shall be notified of 
all foreign travel of Committee Staff not ac-companying a member. 
(2) Content. All members are to be advised, 
prior to the commencement of such travel, of its length, nature, and purpose. 
(d) Trip Reports. (1) Generally. A full report of all issues dis-
cussed during any travel shall be submitted to the Chief Clerk of the Committee within a reasonable period of time following the completion of such trip. 
(2) Availability of Reports. Such report 
shall be: 
(A) Available for review by any member or 
appropriately cleared Committee Staff; and 
(B) Considered executive session material 
for purposes of these rules. 
(e) Limitations on Travel. (1) Generally. The Chair is not authorized 
to permit travel on Committee business of Committee Staff who have not satisfied the requirements of subsection (d) of this rule. 
(2) Exception. The Chair may authorize 
Committee Staff to travel on Committee business, notwithstanding the requirements of subsections (d) and (e) of this rule. 
(A) At the specific request of a member of 
the Committee; or 
(B) In the event there are circumstances 
beyond the control of the Committee Staff hindering compliance with such require-ments. 
(f) Definitions. For purposes of this rule 
the term ‘‘reasonable period of time’’ means: 
(1) No later than 60 days after returning 
from a foreign trip; and 
(2) No later than 30 days after returning 
from a domestic trip. 
19. DISCIPLINARY ACTIONS  
(a) Generally. The Committee shall imme-
diately consider whether disciplinary action shall be taken in the case of any member of the Committee Staff alleged to have failed to conform to any rule of the House of Rep-resentatives or to these rules. 
(b) Exception. In the event the House of 
Representatives is: 
(1) In a recess period in excess of 3 days; or (2) Has adjourned sine die; the Chair of the 
full Committee, in consultation with the Ranking Minority Member, may take such immediate disciplinary actions deemed nec-essary. 
(c) Available Actions. Such disciplinary ac-
tion may include immediate dismissal from the Committee Staff. 
(d) Notice to Members. All members shall 
be notified as soon as practicable, either by facsimile transmission or regular mail, of any disciplinary action taken by the Chair pursuant to subsection (b). 
(e) Reconsideration of Chair’s Actions. A 
majority of the members of the full Com-mittee may vote to overturn the decision of the Chair to take disciplinary action pursu-ant to subsection (b). 
20. BROADCASTING COMMITTEE MEETINGS  
Whenever any hearing or meeting con-
ducted by the Committee is open to the pub-lic, a majority of the Committee may permit that hearing or meeting to be covered, in whole or in part, by television broadcast, radio broadcast, and still photography, or by any of such methods of coverage, subject to the provisions and in accordance with the spirit of the purposes enumerated in the Rules of the House. 
21. COMMITTEE RECORDS TRANSFERRED TO THE  
NATIONAL ARCHIVES  
(a) Generally. The records of the Com-
mittee at the National Archives and Records Administration shall be made available for public use in accordance with the Rules of the House of Representatives. 
(b) Notice of Withholding. The Chair shall 
notify the Ranking Minority Member of any decision, pursuant to the Rules of the House of Representatives, to withhold a record oth-erwise available, and the matter shall be pre-sented to the full Committee for a deter-mination of the question of public avail-ability on the written request of any member of the Committee. 
22. CHANGES IN RULES  
(a) Generally. These rules may be modi-
fied, amended, or repealed by vote of the full Committee. 
(b) Notice of Proposed Changes. A notice, 
in writing, of the proposed change shall be given to each member at least 48 hours prior to any meeting at which action on the pro-posed rule change is to be taken. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, I move that 
the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 10 o’clock and 36 minutes p.m.), the House adjourned until to-morrow, Friday, February 27, 2015, at 9 a.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
567. A letter from the Chairman and Presi-
dent, Export-Import Bank, transmitting a report on a transaction involving U.S. ex-ports to Vietnam Airlines Corporation (Viet-nam Airlines) of Hanoi, Vietnam, pursuant to Sec. 2(b)(3) of the Export-Import Bank Act of 1945, as amended; to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. 
568. A letter from the Chairman and Presi-
dent, Export-Import Bank, transmitting a report on a transaction involving U.S. ex-ports to Turk Hava Yollari, A.O. (Turkish 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00200 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.098 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1367 February 26, 2015 
Airlines) of Istanbul, Turkey, pursuant to 
Sec. 2(b)(3) of the Export-Import Bank Act of 1945, as amended; to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. 
569. A letter from the General Counsel, 
Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Physical Security Reliability Standard [Docket No.: RM14-15-000; Order No.: 802] re-ceived February 20, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
570. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Management, Department of Energy, trans-mitting pursuant to the provisions of the Federal Activities Inventory Reform (FAIR) Act of 1998 (Pub. L. 105-270), the Depart-ment’s FY 2013 Inherently Governmental Commercial Activities Inventory; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
571. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Management, Department of Energy, trans-mitting pursuant to the provisions of the Federal Activities Inventory Reform (FAIR) Act of 1998 (Pub. L. 105-270), the Depart-ment’s FY 2012 Inherently Governmental Commercial Activities Inventory; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
572. A letter from the Secretary/Treasurer, 
Resolution Funding Corporation, transmit-ting in accordance with the Chief Financial Officers Act of 1990, the Corporation’s State-ment on the System of Internal Controls and the 2014 Audited Financial Statements; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
573. A letter from the Assistant Adminis-
trator for Fisheries, NMFS, Office of Sus-tainable Fisheries, National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South At-lantic; Coastal Migratory Pelagic Resources in the Gulf of Mexico and Atlantic Region; Amendment 20B [Docket No.: 131211999-5045- 02] (RIN: 0648-BD86) received February 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
574. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Eco-nomic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod by Catcher Vessels Less Than 60 Feet (18.3 Me-ters) Length Overall Using Hook-and-Line or Pot Gear in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Is-lands Management Area [Docket No.: 131021878-4158-02] (RIN: 0648-XD749) received February 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
575. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary interim rule — Special Local Reg-ulation; San Diego Crew Classic; Mission Bay, San Diego, CA [Docket No.: USCG-2014- 1063] (RIN: 1625-AA08) received February 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
576. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Safety Zone; Triathlon National Championships, Milwaukee Harbor, Mil-waukee, Wisconsin [Docket No.: USCG-2014- 0751] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received February 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
577. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Special Local Regulation; Bra-denton Area Riverwalk Regatta; Manatee 
River, Bradenton, FL [Docket No.: USCG- 2014-0905] (RIN: 1625-AA08), pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
578. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s in-terim rule — Moving Security Zone; Es-corted Vessels; MM 90.0-106.0, Lower Mis-sissippi River; New Orleans, LA [Docket No.: USCG-2014-0995] (RIN: 1625-AA87) received February 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
579. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — MARPOL Annex I Amendments [Docket No.: USCG-2010-0194] (RIN: 1625- AB57) received February 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
580. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Helicopters (Previously Eurocopter France) Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA-2015-0049; Directorate Identifier 2014- SW-037-AD; Amendment 39-18096; AD 2015-02- 27] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 20, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
581. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Rolls-Royce Corporation Turboprop and Turboshaft Engines [Docket No.: FAA- 2011-0961; Directorate Identifier 2011-NE-22- AD; Amendment 39-18090; AD 2015-02-22] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 20, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
582. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA- 2014-0173; Directorate Identifier 2013-NM-069- AD; Amendment 39-18083; AD 2015-02-16] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 20, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
583. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2015-0082; Directorate Identifier 2014- NM-233-AD; Amendment 39-18092; AD 2015-02-23] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Feb-ruary 20, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
584. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 30997; Amdt. No.: 3625] received February 20, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
585. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 30998; 
Amdt. No.: 3626] received February 20, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 586. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2014-0344; Directorate Identifier 2014-NM-034-AD; Amendment 39-18095; AD 2015-02-26] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Feb-ruary 20, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
587. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Rolls-Royce plc (RR) Turbofan Engines [Docket No.: FAA-2007-28059; Directorate Identifier 2007-NE-13-AD; Amendment 39- 17526; AD 2013-15-10] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 20, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
588. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Rolls-Royce Corporation Turboprop and Turbofan Engines (Type Certificate pre-viously held by Allison Engine Company) [Docket No.: FAA-2014-0462; Directorate Identifier 2014-NE-06; Amendment 39-18075; AD 2015-02-08] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received Feb-ruary 20, 2014, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
589. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Quest Aircraft Design, LLC Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2015-0099; Directorate Identifier 2014-CE-039-AD; Amendment 39- 18082; AD 2015-02-15] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received February 20, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
590. A letter from the Chief Counsel, Saint 
Lawrence Seaway Development Corporation, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Tariff of Tolls (RIN: 2135-AA37) received February 20, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
591. A letter from the Federal Register Li-
aison Officer, Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Establishment of The Rocks District of Mil-ton-Freewater Viticultural Area [Docket No.: TTB-2014-0003; T.D. TTB-127; Ref: Notice No. 142] (RIN: 1513-AC05) received February 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. SHUSTER. Committee on Transpor-
tation and Infrastructure. H.R. 749. A bill to reauthorize Federal support for passenger rail programs, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–30). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. SESSIONS: Committee on Rules. 
House Resolution 129. Resolution providing for consideration of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 35) making further continuing appro-priations for fiscal year 2015, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–31). Referred to the House Calendar. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00201 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L26FE7.000 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1368 February 26, 2015 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. CHABOT (for himself, Ms. 
FUDGE , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, 
Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. S IMPSON , and Mr. 
DUNCAN of South Carolina): 
H.R. 1093. A bill to direct the Adminis-
trator of the Environmental Protection Agency to carry out a pilot program to work with municipalities that are seeking to de-velop and implement integrated plans to meet their wastewater and stormwater obli-gations under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
By Mr. WILLIAMS (for himself and Mr. 
B
ARTON ): 
H.R. 1094. A bill to authorize and request 
the President to award the Medal of Honor posthumously to Navy Seal Christopher Scott Kyle for acts of valor during Operation Iraqi Freedom; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia (for him-
self, Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Mr. 
POLIS, Mr. H IMES, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. 
GRIJALVA , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. L EE, 
Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. 
COHEN , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. 
GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. C LAY, Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. 
TONKO , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Ms. S LAUGH -
TER, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. C ONNOLLY , 
Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. 
LOFGREN , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Ms. 
NORTON , and Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALO-
NEYof New York): 
H.R. 1095. A bill to amend title 10, United 
States Code, to require the Secretary of De-fense to use only human-based methods for training members of the Armed Forces in the treatment of severe combat injuries; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Mr. BYRNE (for himself, Mr. R
OG-
ERSof Alabama, Mrs. R OBY, and Mr. 
ADERHOLT ): 
H.R. 1096. A bill to amend the Veterans Ac-
cess, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 to clarify the distance requirements regard-ing the eligibility of certain veterans to re-ceive medical care and services from non-De-partment of Veterans Affairs facilities; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. LYNCH: 
H.R. 1097. A bill to amend the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934 to prohibit trading on material inside information; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. ELLISON (for himself, Ms. 
B
ONAMICI , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. D EFAZIO, 
Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Mr. H ECKof Washington, Mr. 
HINOJOSA , Ms. L EE, Mr. L YNCH , Mr. 
MEEKS , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Mr. S WALWELL of California, 
Mr. T ONKO , and Ms. T SONGAS ): 
H.R. 1098. A bill to amend the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934 to prohibit mandatory pre-dispute arbitration agreements, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finan-cial Services. 
By Mr. CRAWFORD (for himself, Mr. 
H
ILL, Mr. W ESTERMAN , and Mr. 
WOMACK ): 
H.R. 1099. A bill to amend the Migratory 
Bird Treaty Act to provide certain exemp-tions relating to the taking of migratory game birds; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Mr. 
B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. LOEBSACK , Mr. J ONES , Ms. B ROWNLEY  
of California, Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. T SON-
GAS, Mr. D OGGETT , Ms. C LARK of Mas-
sachusetts, Ms. P INGREE , Mr. H IMES, 
Mr. C ARNEY , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Il-
linois, Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. P AL-
LONE , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. C REN-
SHAW , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. H ECK of 
Washington, Ms. E STY, Mrs. C AROLYN  
B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. H ONDA , 
Ms. N ORTON , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. 
LUETKEMEYER , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. 
CHABOT , Mr. C OLE, Mr. W ITTMAN , Ms. 
MOORE , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. L AMALFA , 
Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. K ILMER , Mr. 
LANCE , Mr. J OLLY , Ms. M ICHELLE  
LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Ms. 
DELBENE, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. B ISHOP of 
Georgia, Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. K NIGHT , 
Mr. C OOK, Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. B ROWN  
of Florida, Mr. L YNCH , Mr. P AYNE , 
Mr. G IBSON , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. 
SARBANES , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mrs. C APPS , 
Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mrs. 
BUSTOS , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. R USH, Mr. 
FORBES , Mr. B EYER , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. 
VEASEY , Mr. F ARR, Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. 
TAKANO , Mr. C OURTNEY , Ms. F RANKEL  
of Florida, Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. E LLI-
SON, Ms. T ITUS, Mr. H ANNA , Mr. C AS-
TROof Texas, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, 
Mr. T AKAI, Mr. H URTof Virginia, Mr. 
JOYCE , Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEY of 
New York, Mr. R ICEof South Caro-
lina, Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, 
Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Ms. 
GABBARD , Mr. K EATING , Mr. J OHNSON  
of Ohio, Ms. B ORDALLO , Ms. S INEMA , 
Mr. S IRES, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. P OSEY , 
Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. M CDERMOTT , 
Mr. P EARCE , Mr. R UIZ, Mr. B ARR, and 
Mr. S TIVERS ): 
H.R. 1100. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to allow a credit against income tax for amounts paid by a spouse of a member of the Armed Forces for a new State license or certification required by reason of a permanent change in the duty station of such member to another State; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. GUTHRIE (for himself, Mr. 
H
ONDA , Mr. D ENT, and Mr. J OHNSON of 
Georgia): 
H.R. 1101. A bill to amend the Public 
Health Service Act to revise and extend the program for viral hepatitis surveillance, edu-cation, and testing in order to prevent deaths from chronic liver disease and liver cancer, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia (for him-
self, Mr. R
ANGEL , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
ELLISON , Mr. R USH, Ms. B ASS, Ms. 
JUDY CHUof California, Mr. P ERL-
MUTTER , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mis-
sissippi, Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Ms. 
LEE, Mr. C LAY, and Mr. C LEAVER ): 
H.R. 1102. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to provide a penalty for assault or homicide committed by certain State or local law enforcement officers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 
By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (for him-
self and Mr. R
USH): 
H.R. 1103. A bill to create jobs in the 
United States by increasing United States exports to Africa by at least 200 percent in real dollar value within 10 years, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees 
on Ways and Means, Small Business, and Fi-nancial Services, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each 
case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. ROSKAM: 
H.R. 1104. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide a deduction from the gift tax for gifts made to certain exempt organizations; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. BRADY of Texas (for himself, 
Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Mrs. N OEM, 
and Mr. N UNES ): 
H.R. 1105. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to repeal the estate and generation-skipping transfer taxes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mrs. BLACKBURN (for herself, Mr. 
P
OMPEO , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. M EAD-
OWS, Mrs. E LLMERS of North Caro-
lina, and Mr. R OUZER ): 
H.R. 1106. A bill to amend section 706 of the 
Telecommunications Act of 1996 to provide that such section does not authorize the Fed-eral Communications Commission to pre-empt the laws of certain States relating to the regulation of municipal broadband, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 
By Mr. GOSAR (for himself, Mr. 
A
MODEI , Mr. B ARTON , Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. F RANKS of 
Arizona, Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. H ARDY , 
Mr. H ECK of Nevada, Mr. H UFFMAN , 
Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. T EDLIEUof 
California, Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. M CCLIN-
TOCK , Mr. M ILLER of Florida, Mr. 
PEARCE , Mr. S ALMON , Mr. T IPTON , Mr. 
ZINKE, Mr. D ENHAM , Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO , and Ms. S INEMA ): 
H.R. 1107. A bill to require the Secretary of 
the Interior to submit to Congress a report on the efforts of the Bureau of Reclamation to manage its infrastructure assets; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Ms. TITUS: 
H.R. 1108. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to exempt sports betting from the tax on authorized wagers; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California: 
H.R. 1109. A bill to amend title II of the So-
cial Security Act to increase the maximum amount of the lump-sum death benefit; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ (for 
herself and Mr. S
MITH of Texas): 
H.R. 1110. A bill to provide effective crimi-
nal prosecutions for certain identity thefts, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Ms. LEE (for herself, Mr. G
RIJALVA , 
Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. 
LEWIS, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. 
SCOTT of Virginia, and Mrs. W ATSON  
COLEMAN ): 
H.R. 1111. A bill to establish a Department 
of Peacebuilding; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. M
CGOVERN (for himself, Mr. 
PITTS, Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, 
Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. E LLISON , and Mr. 
MARINO ): 
H.R. 1112. A bill to promote access for 
United States officials, journalists, and other citizens to Tibetan areas of the Peo-ple’s Republic of China, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. BARR (for himself, Mr. W
EBER  
of Texas, Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. 
FINCHER , Mr. D OLD, Mr. T IPTON , Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00202 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L26FE7.100 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1369 February 26, 2015 
HILL, Mr. L UCAS , Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. 
LUETKEMEYER , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. K ING 
of New York, Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. 
DUFFY , Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mr. G UINTA , 
and Mr. R IBBLE ): 
H.R. 1113. A bill to amend the Truth in 
Lending Act to provide a safe harbor from certain requirements related to qualified mortgages for residential mortgage loans held on an originating insured depository in-stitution’s portfolio, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. ABRAHAM: 
H.R. 1114. A bill to modify the definition of 
‘‘antique firearm’’; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. BEATTY (for herself and Mr. 
P
OEof Texas): 
H.R. 1115. A bill to improve the response to 
missing children and victims of child sex trafficking; to the Committee on the Judici-ary, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. BILIRAKIS (for himself and Mr. 
B
UTTERFIELD ): 
H.R. 1116. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide comprehen-sive audiology services to Medicare bene-ficiaries, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. CASTOR of Florida (for herself 
and Mr. H
ECKof Nevada): 
H.R. 1117. A bill to amend the Public 
Health Service Act to authorize grants for graduate medical education partnerships in States with a low ratio of medical residents relative to the general population; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. CICILLINE: 
H.R. 1118. A bill to include community 
partners and intermediaries in the planning and delivery of education and related pro-grams, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mrs. COMSTOCK (for herself, Ms. 
E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. 
SMITH of Texas, and Mr. L IPINSKI ): 
H.R. 1119. A bill to improve the efficiency 
of Federal research and development, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
By Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee (for him-
self, Mr. H
ANNA , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of 
Illinois, Mr. P AULSEN , and Mr. M EAD-
OWS): 
H.R. 1120. A bill to enhance interstate com-
merce by creating a National Hiring Stand-ard for Motor Carriers; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. EDWARDS: 
H.R. 1121. A bill to encourage online work-
force training; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. 
By Mr. FITZPATRICK (for himself and 
Mr. K
EATING ): 
H.R. 1122. A bill to prioritize the payment 
of pay and allowances to members of the Armed Forces and Federal law enforcement officers in the event the debt ceiling is reached or there is a funding gap; to the 
Committee on Ways and Means, and in addi-tion to the Committees on Transportation and Infrastructure, Armed Services, and the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. FOSTER (for himself, Mr. 
D
EUTCH , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. L EE, Ms. 
MOORE , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. T AKANO , 
Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. 
TONKO , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. L OWENTHAL , 
Ms. T ITUS, Mrs. C APPS , Mr. C ICILLINE , 
Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. 
VEASEY , Mr. P OLIS, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , 
Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. M ENG, Mr. 
GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Ms. 
DUCKWORTH , and Ms. N ORTON ): 
H.R. 1123. A bill to provide for punishments 
for immigration-related fraud, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 
By Mr. AL GREEN of Texas (for him-
self and Mr. C
LEAVER ): 
H.R. 1124. A bill to establish a grant pro-
gram providing for the acquisition, oper-ation, and maintenance of body-worn cam-eras for law enforcement officers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. HANNA (for himself and Mr. 
K
IND): 
H.R. 1125. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide for tax preferred savings accounts for individuals under age 
18, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. KING of New York (for himself, 
Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New 
York, Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Ms. 
MOORE , Ms. E STY, Mr. J ONES , Mr. 
RANGEL , Mr. N UNES , and Mrs. C OM-
STOCK ): 
H.R. 1126. A bill to provide for free mailing 
privileges for personal correspondence and parcels sent to members of the Armed Forces serving on active duty in Iraq, Afghanistan, or other designated hostile fire areas; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Mrs. KIRKPATRICK: 
H.R. 1127. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to make certain grants to assist nursing homes for veterans located on tribal lands; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mrs. KIRKPATRICK: 
H.R. 1128. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to make certain improvements in the information security of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. 
By Mrs. KIRKPATRICK: 
H.R. 1129. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to establish within the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs an Office of Whis-tleblower and Patient Protection; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. MARINO (for himself, Mr. 
L
EWIS, and Mr. R OSKAM ): 
H.R. 1130. A bill to improve the under-
standing of, and promote access to treat-ment for, chronic kidney disease, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. M
CDERMOTT: 
H.R. 1131. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-
cation Act of 1965 to provide for the refi-nancing of certain Federal student loans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addi-tion to the Committees on Ways and Means, and the Judiciary, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. M
CNERNEY (for himself, Mr. 
ROHRABACHER , Mr. V ARGAS , Mrs. 
NAPOLITANO , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. T AKANO , 
Mr. P ETERS , Mr. F ARR, Mr. 
CA´RDENAS , and Mr. L OWENTHAL ): 
H.R. 1132. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 1048 West Robinhood Drive in Stockton, Cali-fornia, as the ‘‘W. Ronald Coale Memorial Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. MILLER of Florida (for himself, 
Mr. T
EDLIEU of California, Ms. 
BROWNLEY of California, Ms. T ITUS, 
Mr. T AKANO , Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. M AC-
ARTHUR , Mr. H UFFMAN , and Mr. 
ZELDIN ): 
H.R. 1133. A bill to amend the Federal 
Credit Union Act to exclude extensions of credit made to veterans from the definition of a member business loan; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. MILLER of Florida: 
H.R. 1134. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to improve the submission of information by the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs to Congress; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. 
By Mrs. MILLER of Michigan (for her-
self, Mrs. D
INGELL , Ms. S LAUGHTER , 
Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
HUIZENGA of Michigan, Mr. L EVIN, 
Ms. K APTUR , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. 
MOOLENAAR , Mr. L ATTA , Mr. 
WALBERG , Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. B ISHOP  
of Michigan, Mr. U PTON , Mr. J OYCE , 
Mr. D UFFY , Mr. T ROTT , Mr. N OLAN , 
and Mr. K ILDEE ): 
H.R. 1135. A bill to provide an immediate 
measure to control the spread of aquatic nui-sance species from the Mississippi River basin to the Great Lakes basin and to inform long-term measures to prevent the Interbasin transfer of aquatic nuisance spe-cies; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Resources, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. PEARCE (for himself, Mr. H
AR-
RIS, Mr. R OKITA , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. 
GOSAR , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. 
LAMALFA , and Mr. C ARTER of Texas): 
H.R. 1136. A bill to amend title III of the 
Social Security Act to require States to im-plement a drug testing program for appli-cants for and recipients of unemployment compensation; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. RICE of South Carolina: 
H.R. 1137. A bill to provide for an 8.7 per-
cent reduction in the annual rate of basic pay for certain employees, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. SIMPSON: 
H.R. 1138. A bill to establish certain wilder-
ness areas in central Idaho and to authorize various land conveyances involving National 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00203 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L26FE7.100 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1370 February 26, 2015 
Forest System land and Bureau of Land 
Management land in central Idaho, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Ms. SPEIER (for herself, Mr. R
USH, 
Ms. M OORE , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. 
TONKO , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. C ONYERS , 
Mr. H ONDA , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, and Ms. 
KAPTUR ): 
H.R. 1139. A bill to require the Consumer 
Product Safety Commission to establish a consumer product safety standard for liquid detergent packets to protect children under the age of five from injury or illness, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Ms. SPEIER (for herself, Ms. 
P
ELOSI , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. M CNERNEY , 
Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. 
GARAMENDI , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. 
HUFFMAN , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. 
DESAULNIER , Mr. T HOMPSON of Cali-
fornia, and Ms. L EE): 
H.R. 1140. A bill to amend the Federal 
Water Pollution Control Act to establish a grant program to support the restoration of San Francisco Bay; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. TAKANO: 
H.R. 1141. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to consider certain time spent by members of reserve components of the Armed Forces while receiving medical care from the Secretary of Defense as active duty for purposes of eligibility for Post-9/11 Edu-cational Assistance, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. TIBERI (for himself, Mr. N
EAL, 
Mr. N UNES , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. P AUL-
SEN, Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. 
KIND, Mr. S CHOCK , Mr. M CDERMOTT , 
Mr. R EED, Mr. L ARSON of Con-
necticut, Mr. R EICHERT , Mr. D ANNY  
K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. Y OUNG of In-
diana, Mr. T HOMPSON of California, 
Mr. B LUMENAUER , and Mr. B OU-
STANY ): 
H.R. 1142. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to make permanent and ex-pand the temporary minimum credit rate for the low-income housing tax credit program; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. TURNER: 
H.R. 1143. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to extend the credit for health insurance costs of certain Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation pension re-cipients; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. TURNER: 
H.R. 1144. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to prevent discriminatory mis-conduct against taxpayers by Federal offi-cers and employees, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. WELCH (for himself and Mr. 
G
IBSON ): 
H.R. 1145. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to include biomass heating appliances for tax credits available for en-ergy-efficient building property and energy property; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky: 
H.J. Res. 35. A joint resolution making fur-
ther continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2015, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Appropriations. 
By Ms. EDWARDS (for herself, Ms. 
B
ROWNLEY of California, Mr. J OHNSON  
of Georgia, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H IMES, 
Ms. L EE, Mr. L YNCH , Mr. N OLAN , Ms. SLAUGHTER , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. 
SWALWELL of California, Mr. V AN 
HOLLEN , and Mr. W ELCH ): 
H.J. Res. 36. A joint resolution proposing 
an amendment to the Constitution of the United States to clarify the authority of Congress and the States to regulate the ex-penditure of funds for political activity by corporations; to the Committee on the Judi-ciary. 
By Mr. RIBBLE: 
H.J. Res. 37. A joint resolution making 
continuing appropriations for the Transpor-tation Security Administration for fiscal year 2015, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Appropriations. 
By Mr. PAULSEN (for himself and Mr. 
K
IND): 
H. Con. Res. 19. Concurrent resolution ex-
pressing the sense of the Congress that tax- exempt fraternal benefit societies have his-torically and continue to provide critical benefits to Americans and United States communities; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Ms. ADAMS (for herself, Mr. W
ALK-
ER, Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , 
Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Ms. H AHN, Ms. 
JACKSON LEE, Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, 
Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, Mrs. 
BEATTY , Mr. L EWIS, Mrs. E LLMERS of 
North Carolina, Mr. E LLISON , Mrs. 
WATSON COLEMAN , Mr. C LEAVER , Ms. 
CLARKE of New York, Ms. F UDGE , Mr. 
HASTINGS , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. 
COHEN , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. 
DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. 
VARGAS , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, 
Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New 
York, Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. C UM-
MINGS , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. B EYER , Mr. 
CLAY, Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. 
DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. C ARNEY , 
Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, 
Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. R USH, Mr. S MITH 
of Washington, Mr. C ONNOLLY , Ms. 
MATSUI , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. F ATTAH , 
Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
HONDA , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. C LYBURN , 
Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. S COTT of 
Virginia, Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. 
EDWARDS , Mr. L ARSON of Con-
necticut, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. K IND, 
Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. 
BECERRA , Ms. B ROWNLEY of Cali-
fornia, Mr. H UDSON , and Mr. G RI-
JALVA ): 
H. Res. 128. A resolution recognizing the 
significance of the Greensboro Four Sit In; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
f 
PRIVATE BILLS AND 
RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
Mr. GUTIE ´RREZ introduced a bill (H.R. 
1146) for the relief of Simeon Simeonov, Stela Simeonova, Stoyan Simeonov, and Vania Simeonova; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or 
joint resolution. 
By Mr. CHABOT: 
H.R. 1093. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 ‘‘To regulate 
Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ 
By Mr. WILLIAMS: 
H.R. 1094. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 14 To make Rules for the Government and 
Regulation of the land and naval Forces. 
By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia: 
H.R. 1095. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 (Clauses 1, 14, and 18), 
which grants Congress the power to provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; to make rules for the Government and Regulation of the land and naval Forces; and to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers. 
By Mr. BYRNE: 
H.R. 1096. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the U.S. 
Constitution: 
The Congress shall have Power to make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. LYNCH: 
H.R. 1097. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 8 Clause 18 of the United 
States Constitution. 
By Mr. ELLISON: 
H.R. 1098. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1. 
By Mr. CRAWFORD: 
H.R. 1099. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the enumerated powers listed in Article VI, Clause 2 of the United States Constitution as upheld by the Su-preme Court in Missouri v. Holland 252 U.S. 416 (1920). 
By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: 
H.R. 1100. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I; Section 8; Clause 1 of the Con-
stitution states The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Im-posts and Excises, to pay the Debts and pro-vide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States. . . 
By Mr. GUTHRIE: 
H.R. 1101. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 
By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia: 
H.R. 1102. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Con-
stitution of the United States. 
By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey: 
H.R. 1103. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00204 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L26FE7.100 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1371 February 26, 2015 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mr. ROSKAM: 
H.R. 1104. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, which states 
that ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof.’’ 
By Mr. BRADY of Texas: 
H.R. 1105. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution, which gives Congress the au-thority ‘‘to lay and collect taxes, duties, im-posts and excises . . .’’ 
By Mrs. BLACKBURN: 
H.R. 1106. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Pursuant to the necessary and proper 
clause of Article I, Section 8. 
By Mr. GOSAR: 
H.R. 1107. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This legislation is constitutionally appro-
priate pursuant to Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 (the Spending Clause). The Supreme Court, in South Dakota v. Dole (1987), rea-soned that conditions and limitations on funds were consittuional and within the power of Congress under the Spending Clause. 
Article 1 Section 8 Clause 3 (Commerce 
Clause) If the matter in quetion is not a purely local matter (intra-state) or if it has an impact on inter-state commerce, it falls within Congress’ power to ‘‘regulate com-merce amng the severl states.’’ 
Article 1 Section 8 Clause 18 (the Necessary 
and Proper Clause) which grants Congress the power to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execu-tion the foregoing powers, and all other pow-ers vested by this Consitutioon of the United satets, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
By Ms. TITUS: 
H.R. 1108. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
United States Constitution. 
By Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California: 
H.R. 1109. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
the Spending Clause in Article I, Section 8, 
of the Constitution. 
By Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ: 
H.R. 1110. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Constitutional authority on which 
this bill rests is the power of the Congress to provide for the general welfare of the United States, as enumerated in Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution, and to make all laws which shall be nec-essary and proper for carrying into execution such power as enumerated in Article 1, Sec-tion 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution. 
By Ms. LEE: 
H.R. 1111. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mr. M
CGOVERN: 
H.R. 1112. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 
By Mr. BARR: 
H.R. 1113. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: ‘‘The Con-
gress shall have power . . . To regulate com-merce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ 
By Mr. ABRAHAM: 
H.R. 1114. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mrs. BEATTY: 
H.R. 1115. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution. 
By Mr. BILIRAKIS: 
H.R. 1116. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Ms. CASTOR of Florida: 
H.R. 1117. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution 
By Mr. CICILLINE: 
H.R. 1118. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8. 
By Mrs. COMSTOCK: 
H.R. 1119. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress shall have power to regulate 
commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with Indian tribes. 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have power to make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof. 
By Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee: 
H.R. 1120. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution. 
By Ms. EDWARDS: 
H.R. 1121. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section I. All legislative Powers herein granted shall 
be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives. 
By Mr. FITZPATRICK: 
H.R. 1122. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution. 
By Mr. FOSTER: 
H.R. 1123. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8: The Congress shall 
have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; By Mr. AL GREEN of Texas: 
H.R. 1124. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 of the U.S. Constitution 
By Mr. HANNA: 
H.R. 1125. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to Clause 1 of 
Section 8 of Article 1 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. KING of New York: 
H.R. 1126. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 6 The Congress shall have Power . . . To 
make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof. 
By Mrs. KIRKPATRICK: 
H.R. 1127. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 To make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department thereof. 
By Mrs. KIRKPATRICK: 
H.R. 1128. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 To make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department thereof. 
By Mrs. KIRKPATRICK: 
H.R. 1129. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 To make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department thereof. 
By Mr. MARINO: 
H.R. 1130. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8: ‘‘To Make all Laws 
which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
By Mr. M
CDERMOTT: 
H.R. 1131. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8. 
By Mr. M
CNERNEY: 
H.R. 1132. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 7 
By Mr. MILLER of Florida: 
H.R. 1133. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1. Section 8. 
By Mr. MILLER of Florida: 
H.R. 1134. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mrs. MILLER of Michigan: 
H.R. 1135. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00205 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.044 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1372 February 26, 2015 
Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. PEARCE: 
H.R. 1136. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution 
By Mr. RICE of South Carolina: 
H.R. 1137. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clauses 18: To make 
all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof. 
By Mr. SIMPSON: 
H.R. 1138. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
‘‘The constitutional authority of Congress 
to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, section 8 of the United States Constitu-tion, specifically clause 1 (relating to pro-viding for the general welfare of the United States) and clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress), and Article IV, section 3, clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations re-specting the territory or other property be-longing to the United States).’’ 
By Ms. SPEIER: 
H.R. 1139. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
By Ms. SPEIER: 
H.R. 1140. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. TAKANO: 
H.R. 1141. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. TIBERI: 
H.R. 1142. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 7 and Article 1, Section 
8 
By Mr. TURNER: 
H.R. 1143. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Con-
stitution of the United States 
The Congress shall have Power to lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
By Mr. TURNER: 
H.R. 1144. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The 14th Amendment, Section 5; Article I, 
Section 8, Clauses 3 and 18 of the Constitu-tion of the United States. 
By Mr. WELCH: 
H.R. 1145. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution. By Mr. GUTIE ´RREZ: 
H.R. 1146. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 and Amend-
ment I, Clause 3 of the Constitution. 
By Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky: 
H.J. Res. 35. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The principal constitutional authority for 
this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of ar-ticle I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropria-tions made by Law . . . .’’ In addition, clause 
1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution (the spending power) provides: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . . .’’ Together, these specific constitu-tional provisions establish the congressional power of the purse, granting Congress the authority to appropriate funds, to determine their purpose, amount, and period of avail-ability, and to set forth terms and conditions governing their use. 
By Ms. EDWARDS: 
H.J. Res. 36. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Congress, whenever two thirds of both 
Houses shall deem it necessary, shall propose Amendments to this Constitution, or, on the Application of the Legislatures of two thirds of the several States, shall call a Convention for proposing Amendments, which, in either Case, shall be valid to all Intents and Pur-poses, as Part of this Constitution, when ratified by the Legislatures of three fourths of the several States or by Conventions in three fourths thereof, as the one or the other Mode of Ratification may be proposed by the Congress; Provided that no Amendment which may be made prior to the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight shall in any Manner affect the first and fourth Clauses in the Ninth Section of the first Ar-ticle; and that no State, without its Consent, shall be deprived of its equal Suffrage in the Senate. 
By Mr. RIBBLE: 
H.J. Res. 37. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The principal constitutional authority for 
this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of ar-ticle I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropria-tions made by Law. . . .’’ In addition, clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution (the spending power) provides: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States. . . .’’ Together, these specific constitutional provisions establish the congressional power of the purse, granting Congress the author-ity to appropriate funds, to determine their purpose, amount, and period of availability, and to set forth terms and conditions gov-erning their use. 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 27: Mr. J ORDAN . 
H.R. 48: Mr. C ONYERS . 
H.R. 91: Mr. C OURTNEY . 
H.R. 109: Mr. C ARTER of Georgia. H.R. 156: Mr. M CCLINTOCK . 
H.R. 169: Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS . 
H.R. 216: Mr. V ANHOLLEN . 
H.R. 235: Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. C OLLINS of New 
York, Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. 
LUCAS , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. J ORDAN , Mrs. 
BROOKS of Indiana, and Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 270: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 280: Mr. R OTHFUS . 
H.R. 284: Mr. A DERHOLT and Mr. R EED. 
H.R. 303: Mr. S IMPSON , Ms. P INGREE , Ms. 
BORDALLO , Mr. F ORTENBERRY , and Mr. 
BYRNE . 
H.R. 313: Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. L EVIN, Ms. 
JACKSON LEE, and Mr. S WALWELL of Cali-
fornia. 
H.R. 333: Mr. S CHOCK , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of 
Illinois, Mr. H ECK of Washington, and Mr. 
WITTMAN . 
H.R. 344: Mr. S WALWELL of California. 
H.R. 358: Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. 
DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, and Mr. P IERLUISI . 
H.R. 379: Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. H ANNA , 
Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, and Mr. 
RUSH. 
H.R. 402: Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 445: Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana and Mr. 
LUETKEMEYER . 
H.R. 461: Mr. C ARTER of Georgia. 
H.R. 473: Mr. R OTHFUS . 
H.R. 508: Mr. T ONKO . 
H.R. 539: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. F UDGE , and 
Ms. C LARKE of New York. 
H.R. 540: Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER . 
H.R. 546: Mr. S MITH of Missouri and Mr. 
DENHAM . 
H.R. 551: Mr. H ONDA , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. 
DEFAZIO, and Ms. S LAUGHTER . 
H.R. 556: Mr. F ARENTHOLD . 
H.R. 559: Mr. N ORCROSS . 
H.R. 585: Mr. J ONES . 
H.R. 590: Miss R ICEof New York. 
H.R. 592: Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. J OHN-
SONof Ohio, and Mr. R EED. 
H.R. 604: Mr. G RAVES of Georgia. 
H.R. 605: Mr. G RIFFITH . 
H.R. 606: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 613: Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 624: Mr. H ULTGREN and Ms. N ORTON . 
H.R. 631: Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. 
MULLIN , Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. E STY, Mr. J OHN-
SONof Ohio, Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. Y OUNG of Alas-
ka, and Mr. R USH. 
H.R. 654: Mr. H ARPER . 
H.R. 662: Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. J OYCE , Mr. T UR-
NER, Mr. C ARTER of Texas, and Mr. 
SCHWEIKERT . 
H.R. 663: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 681: Ms. B ONAMICI . 
H.R. 685: Mr. D UFFY . 
H.R. 699: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 700: Mr. S MITH of Washington. 
H.R. 706: Mr. R ANGEL and Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 717: Mr. V ARGAS . 
H.R. 721: Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , 
Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. 
FARENTHOLD , Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. Pittenger, 
Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. 
DESJARLAIS , Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. J OYCE , Mr. B ROOKS of 
Alabama, Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. 
JONES , Mr. Emmer of Minnesota, Mr. W HIT-
FIELD , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. 
YODER , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. C RENSHAW , Mr. 
WOMACK , Mr. T IPTON , Mr. W EBSTER of Flor-
ida, Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, 
Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan, Mr. H ECKof Wash-
ington, Mr. R EED, and Mr. S ESSIONS . 
H.R. 722: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 723: Mr. R EICHERT . 
H.R. 749: Mr. H ANNA , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
BARLETTA , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mrs. 
NAPOLITANO , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mrs. 
MIMIWALTERS of California, Mr. C OSTELLO of 
Pennsylvania, and Mr. C URBELO of Florida. 
H.R. 757: Mr. R IBBLE . 
H.R. 781: Mr. T ONKO . 
H.R. 818: Mr. R EEDand Mr. W ELCH . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00206 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.047 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1373 February 26, 2015 
H.R. 823: Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. K EATING , and 
Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD . 
H.R. 824: Mr. M ARCHANT . 
H.R. 846: Ms. T ITUS, Mr. J OHNSON of Geor-
gia, Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. L ARSEN of 
Washington, Mr. N OLAN , Mr. R UIZ, Mr. 
SCHRADER , and Mr. V EASEY . 
H.R. 855: Ms. K APTUR . 
H.R. 863: Mr. V ALADAO , Mrs. B ROOKS of In-
diana, and Mr. W ITTMAN . 
H.R. 868: Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. J OHNSON of 
Ohio, and Mr. B ISHOP of Utah. 
H.R. 893: Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. 
FARENTHOLD , Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. 
BUCHANAN , Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
HUNTER , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. C OLLINS of New 
York, Mr. M ARINO , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. W ILSON  
of Florida, Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina, Mr. 
SCOTT of Virginia, Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. G UTHRIE , 
Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. S CHOCK , Mr. 
DEUTCH , Mr. R OONEY of Florida, Mr. 
WALBERG , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. L ONG, Ms. 
FRANKEL of Florida, and Mr. D IAZ-BALART . 
H.R. 915: Mr. R UIZ. 
H.R. 919: Mr. A SHFORD , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. 
TAKANO , Mr. M CGOVERN , and Ms. F UDGE . 
H.R. 921: Mr. H ANNA . 
H.R. 923: Mr. B ABIN and Mr. W ENSTRUP . 
H.R. 932: Mr. D ESAULNIER and Mr. W ALZ. 
H.R. 933: Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 957: Mr. H ILL. 
H.R. 967: Mr. L YNCH . 
H.R. 976: Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana. 
H.R. 977: Mr. W ITTMAN . 
H.R. 978: Ms. K USTER , Mr. K ELLY of Penn-
sylvania, Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, 
and Mr. M ARCHANT . 
H.R. 989: Mr. P OEof Texas and Mr. 
BENISHEK . 
H.R. 990: Mr. W ITTMAN . 
H.R. 997: Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. M ILLER of Flor-
ida, Mr. J ONES , and Mr. S TEWART . H.R. 1013: Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 1021: Mr. P AULSEN . 
H.R. 1024: Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. 
WELCH , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. C OOPER , Mr. 
O’ROURKE , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. G ARAMENDI , 
Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Ms. B ORDALLO , 
Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. 
FORBES , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. L ARSON of Con-
necticut, Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. D EFA-
ZIO, Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. V ELA, 
Mr. S ARBANES , and Ms. C LARKE of New York. 
H.R. 1029: Mr. G OODLATTE . 
H.R. 1030: Mr. G OODLATTE . 
H.R. 1031: Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. 
RUSH, Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. D OG-
GETT , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. H INO-
JOSA, Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. C ON-
NOLLY , Mr. C APUANO , Ms. E SHOO , Mrs. L AW-
RENCE , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Ms. T ITUS, Mr. 
COSTA , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. M ICHAEL  
F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. B ROWN of 
Florida, Mr. N EAL, Mrs. C APPS , Ms. L INDA T. 
SA´NCHEZ of California, Mrs. L OWEY , and Mr. 
PETERSON . 
H.R. 1054: Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. 
WEBER of Texas, Mr. G IBBS, Mr. P OSEY , Mr. 
AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia, and Mr. 
PITTENGER . 
H.R. 1063: Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Ms. 
LORETTA SANCHEZ of California, and Mr. 
MARCHANT . 
H.J. Res. 22: Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ and 
Mr. P ERLMUTTER . 
H. Con. Res. 14: Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Geor-
gia and Mr. P AYNE . 
H. Con. Res. 17: Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. 
WESTERMAN , Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Mr. 
SIMPSON , Mr. B LUM, Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. N UNES , 
Mr. P EARCE , Mr. D UFFY , Ms. J ENKINS of Kan-
sas, Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mrs. N OEM, Mr. 
DEFAZIO, Mr. Z INKE, and Mrs. M CMORRIS  
RODGERS . H. Res. 24: Mr. H URTof Virginia. 
H. Res. 28: Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. T EDLIEUof 
California, Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. 
GARAMENDI , and Mr. C A´RDENAS . 
H. Res. 50: Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. G IBSON , Mr. 
RANGEL , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. 
KEATING , and Mr. C ONNOLLY . 
H. Res. 53: Ms. N ORTON , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. 
MEEKS , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. E NGEL , and Mr. 
CICILLINE . 
H. Res. 54: Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. G OOD-
LATTE , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. T AKAI, 
Mr. K ILMER , Mr. G ARAMENDI , and Mr. D ANNY  
K. D AVIS of Illinois. 
H. Res. 102: Mr. R ANGEL . 
H. Res. 108: Mr. C OLE. 
H. Res. 115: Mr. V ARGAS . 
H. Res. 116: Mr. V ARGAS . 
H. Res. 117: Mr. B URGESS . 
H. Res. 122: Mr. P ASCRELL . 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-
ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS 
Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or 
statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BYMR. ROGERS OF KENTUCKY  
H.J. Res. 35, a resolution making further 
continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2015, and for other purposes, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:35 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00207 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE7.040 H26FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S1127 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 26, 2015 No. 33 
Senate 
The Senate met at 11 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. We have thought, O God, of Your lov-
ing-kindness. You have blessed our Na-tion far more than we deserve. You have provided us with a goodly land of spacious skies and golden waves of grain. You have helped us create a du-rable government of, by, and for the people. You have protected us through wars and rumors of war. 
May our lawmakers show their grati-
tude for Your loving-kindness by being responsible stewards of Your generous gifts. Give them the wisdom to protect the fragile gift of freedom. Lord, unite them in their commitment to do what is required to keep America one Nation controlled by Your sovereignty, with liberty and justice for all. 
We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The 
majority leader is recognized. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND 
SECURITY FUNDING 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, it 
was good to see Democrats finally bring an end to their weeks-long fili-buster of the Homeland Security fund-ing bill. Once the measure we voted on yesterday is complete, the Senate will 
consider sensible legislation from Sen-ator C
OLLINS . 
The Collins bill is really quite sim-
ple. It would protect our democracy from the most egregious example of Executive overreach we saw back in November. It is overreach described by President Obama himself as ‘‘ignoring the law.’’ The Collins measure simply takes the President at his word and helps him follow the law instead of ig-noring it. 
It is hard to see how any Senator 
could oppose such a good, common-sense idea. So we look forward to that vote. 
f 
NET NEUTRALITY RULE 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, on 
a different matter, later today the Obama administration’s FCC will take up a proposal by the President to strike a blow to the future of innova-tion in our country. It is the so-called net neutrality rule. 
The growth of the Internet and the 
rapid adoption of mobile technology have been a great American success story, and they were made possible by a light regulatory touch. In fact, it is this bipartisan light touch consensus that allowed innovators to develop and sell the products people want and to create the kind of high-quality jobs Americans need without waiting around for government permission. 
The Obama administration needs to 
get beyond its 1930s rotary telephone mindset and embrace the future. That means encouraging innovation, not suf-focating it under the weight of an out-dated bureaucracy and poorly named regulations such as this one. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The 
minority leader is recognized. DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND 
SECURITY FUNDING 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, the essen-
tial Department of Homeland Security faces a shutdown in less than 48 hours. At 12:01 a.m. Saturday morning the government will be forced to shut down the most essential part of our govern-ment set up to protect the homeland. 
It is really unthinkable that America 
is less than 2 days away from letting its guard down in the midst of such rampant global terrorism. Yesterday, three Brooklyn men were arrested for joining ISIS. FBI Director Comey said yesterday that his agency is inves-tigating suspected ISIS supporters in every State—all 50 States. 
As Republican Congressman P
ETER  
KINGsaid: 
We can’t allow DHS not [to] be funded. 
People think we’re crazy. There are terrorist attacks all over the world, and we’re talking about closing down Homeland Security. 
And listen to this sentence: 
This is like living in the world of the crazy 
people. 
Republican Congressman P ETER KING 
of New York has said that what is going on with the work of the Repub-licans here in the Senate and the House is like living in the world of crazy peo-ple. 
Yesterday the Senate voted to begin 
the process of considering passing a clean Homeland Security funding bill. Without an agreement to speed up the process, a vote on final passage would take place on Sunday. As I said yester-
day, we on this side of the aisle are willing to expedite passage of this bill by consent. We are ready to do it right now. 
Once a clean full-year funding bill for 
the Department of Homeland Security is passed and signed into law, we look forward to debating how to best fix our Nation’s broken immigration system, just as we did 20 months ago with the help of the Presiding Officer and oth-ers. 
Would the Chair announce the busi-
ness of the day. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE6.000 S26FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1128 February 26, 2015 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
RUBIO). Under the previous order, the 
leadership time is reserved. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SE-
CURITY APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2015—MOTION TO PROCEED 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of the motion to proceed to H.R. 240, which the clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 5, H.R. 
240, a bill making appropriations for the De-partment of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes. 
Mr. REID. I suggest the absence of a 
quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. RUBIO. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
F
ISCHER ). Without objection, it is so 
ordered. 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE  
Mr. RUBIO. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate re-cess from 12:45 p.m. until 1:45 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. RUBIO. I suggest the absence of 
a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. Are we in morning 
business? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. We are 
on the motion to proceed. 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. I will be speaking on 
the bill before us. 
Madam President, we are just days 
away from an unthinkable government shutdown of the Department of Home-land Security. A government shutdown of the Department whose mission is to protect the citizens of this country is reckless and dangerous while we are under threat of attack by terrorist groups. 
What kind of message does it send to 
ISIS, to cyber criminals, and to crimi-nal drug gangs if Congress can’t keep the Department of Homeland Security open? 
This weekend we learned that a ter-
ror group from Somalia, al-Shabaab, released an online video calling for at-tacks on the Mall of America in Min-nesota, as well as malls in Canada and England. 
Just yesterday we learned that three 
Brooklyn, NY, men were arrested for plotting to travel to Syria to join ISIS. 
If they weren’t successful in getting to Syria, they allegedly planned to com-mit an act of terrorism in the United States, and one even offered to kill President Obama if ordered to do so. 
The role of the Department of Home-
land Security in protecting our coun-try from these threats and from so many others cannot be overstated. It is DHS that is working with State and local officials in Minnesota to coordi-nate a response to the Mall of America threat, and it is DHS and the Secret Service that help provide the counter-terrorism and intelligence-gathering efforts that led to the arrests of the Brooklyn men who wanted to do harm in this country. 
Referencing yesterday’s arrests in 
Brooklyn, New York City Police Com-missioner Bill Bratton said that this is not the time to engage in activities that would threaten our counterterror-ism capabilities and effectively hold our counterterrorism agencies hostage to political machinations. This is not the time to be engaging in political rhetoric and political grandstanding. 
I think Commissioner Bratton is 
right. Our Nation is already on high 
alert for terror threats after attacks in Sydney, Australia, and Ottawa, Can-ada, and in Paris. The Mall of America threat and the Brooklyn arrests rein-force the fact that we need our law en-forcement community operating on all cylinders. Sadly, these aren’t isolated threats. 
A few weeks ago I spoke with the 
deputy commissioner of the New York City Police Department. He told me about the many terror attacks that have been thwarted in New York City since 9/11. He credited DHS, the fund-ing, and programs that are coordinated through DHS and the personnel there for helping New York to prevent at-tacks from happening. 
I have heard the same thing at home 
in New Hampshire from our law en-forcement and first responders. I was in 
the town of Hampton, which is a coast-al community, on Monday of this week. They talked about the importance of DHS support in developing a unified command for all of law enforcement in New Hampshire. They talked about the importance of the fusion center that is funded through the Department of Homeland Security because of the in-telligence-gathering they do there and how they share that information with law enforcement agencies all across New Hampshire. Then they took me in and showed me a diagram of a human trafficking case that they are working on with the help of the Department of Homeland Security. 
So this is not just about the big cit-
ies in the United States, it is about our rural communities, and it is about States across this country that rely on the Department of Homeland Security to help with their internal security. Yet here we are, less than 2 days away from shutting down the Department of Homeland Security because of unre-lated ideological disagreements. I am, however, very encouraged by 
recent developments here in the Sen-ate, with yesterday’s 98-to-2 vote to allow the Senate at some point in the future—hopefully sometime today—to pass a clean, full-year funding bill for DHS. I again applaud Senators M
CCON-
NELL and R EIDfor their efforts to get 
us to this point. I think we need lead-ers who are willing to work together, who are willing to encourage us here in the Senate. We saw that in the last few days with Senators M
CCONNELL and 
REID. 
Once the Senate acts, however, we 
will need the House of Representatives to join us in putting aside our ideolog-ical and political differences and pass-ing a bill without controversial riders, a bill that will fund the Department of Homeland Security. 
As we have discussed in this Cham-
ber, there are disagreements about im-migration and about the President’s Executive action. I am certainly happy to have debate about that. I know there are others who are happy to have a debate. But first we need to fund the Department of Homeland Security. We need to put safety and security ahead of our ideological differences. We are just 2 days away from a devastating shutdown of DHS. We do not have time to waste. I certainly hope that we will act quickly here and that the House will also act quickly. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. 
NET NEUTRALITY  
Mr. MARKEY. Madam President, a 
battle has been raging online in the past year. Millions of citizens, compa-nies, innovators, and entrepreneurs have been sounding an alarm calling us to electronic arms. These 21st-century Netizens took to the street and they took to the Net. They raised their voices and demanded that the FCC pro-tect the world’s greatest platform for communications and commerce. 
Today we declare victory. Today we 
say the economy and the free expres-sion of ideas depend on Net neutrality. Today we say an open and free Internet is as important as keeping our air and water clean and our roads and high-ways safe. Today we say Net neutrality is here to stay. Today is Internet free-dom and innovation day. 
Just today the Federal Communica-
tions Commission is making historic decisions to enshrine Net neutrality protections. The Commission is voting to use its power to protect the tremen-dous power of the Internet. This battle for Net neutrality means that the Internet is protected for decades to come. It is protected for all the stu-dents and startups, for all the busi-nesses and online buyers, for all of the inventors, the innovators, and the Internet users. 
By banning paid prioritization, 
blocking, and throttling, the FCC is ap-plying the principles of nondiscrimina-tion—which is what Net neutrality really is—nondiscrimination to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26FE6.002 S26FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1129 February 26, 2015 
broadband world. This is the next chap-
ter in the history of American innova-tion. It is our country’s declaration of innovation. Chairman Wheeler and the FCC are on the right side of history. 
This battle for Net neutrality was 
not fought without opposition. The deep-pocketed broadband barons want to turn the Internet into a set of gated communities. They say it will raise taxes. They say it is an overreach. They say it will not stand up in court. Some claim it will harm investment. But then companies such as Sprint and Verizon say it will not, in fact, influ-ence how they invest. So I say to the critics: Do you want to return to the days when a few telecommunications giants—which today we would call big broadband barons—control the vital wires and spectrum we use to commu-nicate or do we want a free, dynamic, open market where the best in ideas survives and thrives? The choice is clear. 
The FCC Commissioners supporting 
the open Internet order have made the right choice. Today the people won. I applaud the FCC and Chairman Wheel-er for standing up for students in their dorm rooms, engineers in their base-ments, and innovators in their garages. I applaud the FCC for standing up for the best ideas, not merely the best funded ideas. The FCC has chosen the right path forward. I commend the Commission for that action. 
Reclassifying broadband under title 
II is a major victory for consumers, for our democracy, and for our economy. Consider that in 2013, 62 percent of the venture capital funds invested in this country went toward Internet-specific and software companies. The free flow of ideas supported by the Internet are creating the companies launching the global revolution and supporting the communications that we rely on every day. We want a free, dynamic, open market where the best in ideas sur-vives and thrives. 
Today is a historic, revolutionary 
day for consumers, innovators, entre-preneurs—anyone who counts on the Internet to connect to the world. I ap-plaud and I thank the millions of American revolutionaries who stood up and fought for Net neutrality. The fight is not over. There is much more work to be done. But today is a his-toric victory. It is Internet freedom and innovation day. 
Let’s celebrate this transformative 
power of the Internet today and for generations to come. We are going to ensure that the architecture of the Internet remains one where the small-est entrepreneurs who can go to the capital markets and raise the funding for the new ideas, for the follow-on ideas to Google and eBay and Amazon and Hulu and YouTube, are able to be joined by new companies like Dwolla, like Etsy, like Vimeo, and like hun-dreds and thousands of others whose names we do not yet know, because now they are going to have the capac-ity to be able to say to their investors: We now have the capacity to reach a 
market. With our ideas, we can trans-form some part of the way in which people communicate in this country and on this planet. 
That is what we are celebrating 
today—the power of the Net, the power of individuals to come up with the cap-ital so they can then transform some part of the way in which we commu-nicate in this life. 
So just remember that when the 1996 
Telecommunications Act passed, there were no companies like the ones I just mentioned. That was because it was an old world. But in the blink of an eye, a technological eye, we have moved to this new world where each of us is car-rying a device in our pockets. Each of us is wondering how we ever got along without the capacity to be able to tap into all of these wonderful new compa-nies and the products they provide. That is what today is all about—Net neutrality day. It will not impact the investments of the big companies, but it will ensure that the small compa-nies—those that received 62 percent of all venture capital in America in the last year—will be able to provide their new products, their new innovations, their new challenges to the way in which we communicate. I think that is the whole key. We need to maintain the Darwinian paranoia-inducing com-petition that the Net has introduced. If we do that, then I think America will be No. 1, looking over its shoulder at Nos. 2, 3, and 4 in the world in terms of our innovation in the communications sector. 
Congratulations to the Federal Com-
munications Commission, and con-gratulations to all entrepreneurs across America. Today is a day when you should be celebrating. 
f 
RECESS 
Mr. MARKEY. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate recess until 1:45 p.m., as provided under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 12:30 p.m., recessed until 1:47 p.m. and reassembled when called to order by the Presiding Officer (Mr. B
AR-
RASSO ). 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SE-
CURITY APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2015—MOTION TO PROCEED—Con-tinued 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
S
ASSE). The Senator from Hawaii. 
Mr. SCHATZ. Mr. President, with 1 
day before the funding expires for the Department of Homeland Security, I rise to urge the adoption of a clean funding bill. 
It seems we are on a path to ensure 
that, at least in the Senate, we are going to adopt a bill that funds the critical safety and national security functions of the Department of Home-land Security without extraneous im-migration riders. I encourage my col-leagues in both Chambers to embrace 
what Members on both sides of the aisle have acknowledged is the best way to resolve this issue—avoid a shut-down, enact the clean bipartisan Home-land Security bill, and address the im-migration policies through regular order on the floor. 
By now, we have all heard from a 
host of people spelling out the many negative impacts of a shutdown—our colleagues, Secretary Johnson, pre-vious Secretaries, and many of our Na-tion’s mayors. We would be unneces-sarily disrupting funding which all of our States’ emergency managers rely on and which allows for programs that function to keep us safe and keep peo-ple and goods moving securely and effi-ciently throughout our country. 
My home State of Hawaii is 2,500 
miles from the closest landmass. It hosts the Nation’s fourth largest air-port for international arrivals and is currently responding to and recovering from presidentially declared disasters related to lava threats and tropical storms. 
For these and many other reasons, I 
am concerned that Congress would con-sider risking timely funding for the agencies that keep our airports safe, our coasts and waters secure, and pro-vide for critical planning and response support to our States’ first responders. 
Additionally, I don’t think anyone 
should attempt to trivialize a shut-down based on the argument that many Department of Homeland Security em-ployees will have to report to work re-gardless. What an insult. For the thou-sands of Hawaii residents employed by the Department of Homeland Security, this is significant. These are middle- class jobs helping to support middle- class families. These employees will still have to make rent, pay a mort-gage, buy gas, food, childcare and the like, and the Coast Guard’s men and women will have to report for duty— not for pay. We owe them better than that. We shouldn’t subject these fami-lies to uncertainty about their next paycheck. 
Our path forward is actually totally 
simple: pass the original funding bill that was negotiated in good faith by both parties and both Chambers last December. Because of where we are right now, it is important to remember that the underlying Department of Homeland Security funding bill was the result of a bipartisan negotiation and compromise between both Cham-bers and both parties. 
That means we have to resist the 
temptation in either Chamber to make political decisions that have no chances of success in the Senate or would be vetoed by the President. For example, reinserting partisan immigra-tion riders into this bill is a non-starter. The Senate has not wavered on this point, and that dynamic is not going to change. 
Let’s just do our jobs. Let’s fund the 
Department of Homeland Security, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26FE6.005 S26FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1130 February 26, 2015 
then we can debate comprehensive im-
migration policy any time the leader-ship desires to bring it to the floor. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
H
OEVEN ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, tomor-
row, on February 27, the Department of Homeland Security will run out of money and be forced to at least par-tially shut down. This is the Depart-ment responsible for protecting Amer-ica against terrorism. It faces a gov-ernment shutdown in about 24 hours. 
Last year the congressional Repub-
licans insisted that when we pass the overall Federal budget we cut out of it the Department of Homeland Security and not fully fund the Department. They insisted on this so they could enter into a debate with the President over the issue of immigration, and the House of Representatives sent us fund-ing for this Department contingent on five anti-immigration riders going after the President’s position on immi-gration. They have created an artifi-cial, unnecessary, dangerous funding crisis. 
I have come to the floor over the last 
several weeks while this has been under consideration in the Senate urg-ing the passage of a clean appropria-tions bill for the Department of Home-land Security. I was heartened yester-day by the overwhelming vote of 98 to 2 to move toward passing this clean ap-propriations bill. It appears we have fi-nally come together on a bipartisan basis to fund this critical agency at the eleventh hour. 
Sadly, there is no response from the 
House of Representatives as to whether they will even consider the timely funding for this Department, so we run the real risk we will have to shut down this Department and put America at risk as a result. That is unfortunate because we know how important this Department is and we know the threats are real. 
It was just last weekend when we dis-
closed intelligence gathered that there were extremist groups threatening the malls of America. There were specific threats to malls that were owned by Jewish enterprises, whatever that meant, but that is what they said. That is what we are up against. We see it around the world, real terrorism and real extremism, and now the question is, Does the Speaker of the House see this threat? Do the Republicans who are in the majority in the House see this threat? Do they see it enough to want to fund this critical agency? 
This morning on television there was 
an interview of one of the Republican Congressmen from Alabama. He said: No, this is really a debate about the 
Constitution, not about convenience. 
Convenience? I don’t understand that 
word when we talk about protecting America from terrorism. This is not a convenience, this is a necessity. This is part and parcel of why we exist as a Congress—to keep America safe. 
So now the ball is in the court of the 
Republicans in the House. I think we will pass a clean bill here, and I think it will be overwhelmingly positive and bipartisan. 
What is the issue that is sticking in 
their craw over there that troubles them so much that the House Repub-licans would jeopardize funding the agency assigned to keep America safe? It is the issue of immigration, particu-larly Executive orders issued by the President. 
One particular part just absolutely 
gnaws at them as they think about the possibility the President’s order of 2012—the so-called DACA order—will be carried out in the future. What is that order? It is an order which said: If someone was brought to the United States as a child—an infant, a toddler, a small child—undocumented, and they went to school in this country and they have no criminal record, we are going to give them a chance to stay here and not be subject to deportation. They can go to school here, they can work here, and they are protected by the Presi-dent’s Executive order—the so-called DACA. 
The Republicans in the House hate 
this idea like the devil hates holy water. They can’t understand why these young people who had no wrong-doing in coming to this country should be given this chance, and they are pre-pared to shut down the Department of Homeland Security if we don’t relent. 
I come to the floor regularly to tell 
stories about these young people, and today I want to tell you the story of one of these DREAMers. Her name is Maria Ibarra-Frayre. She was brought to the United States from Mexico at the age of 9, grew up in Detroit, MI, and is an excellent student. She spent a lot of her spare time in community service and as a member of the Na-tional Honor Society, the Key Club, and the school newspaper. She volun-teered twice a week tutoring middle school students, performed over 300 hours of community service, and grad-uated from high school with a 3.97 grade point average. There aren’t too many of us in the Senate who can boast that kind of grade point average. 
Maria was admitted to the Univer-
sity of Michigan, one of the top State colleges in the Nation. She couldn’t at-tend because she is undocumented. In-stead, she entered the University of De-troit Mercy, a private Catholic school. She was elected vice president of the student senate. She also helped found the Campus Kitchen, taking leftover 
meals from the school cafeteria and de-livering them to seniors who had dif-ficulty staying in homes. 
She participated in the alternative 
spring break, where she spent her vaca-tion time helping those in need. One 
year, she went to South Carolina and helped rebuild an elderly couple’s house, and another year she worked with the homeless in Sacramento, CA. 
Maria graduated as valedictorian of 
her class, with a major in English and social work. After graduation, her op-tions were limited because she was un-documented. I might add that she didn’t have a penny of government as-sistance going through college—un-documented students don’t qualify. But she dedicated herself to community service and volunteered for the Jesuit Volunteer Corps, a Catholic nonprofit 
organization. 
Then in 2012 President Obama issued 
his order to give protection to a young person like herself. She was able to get a temporary work permit to work in the United States. She didn’t run out and get a high-paying corporate job. She continued her community service, and now she is a full-time program co-ordinator for the Jesuit Volunteer Corps. She has applied to graduate school for social work. She wants to become an advocate for victims of do-mestic violence. 
She wrote me a letter and talked 
about this Executive order which many House Republicans can’t wait to re-scind and defund. Here is what she said: 
DACA means showing the rest of the coun-
try, society, and my community what I can do. I have always known what I’m capable of, but DACA has allowed me to show others that the investment and opportunity that DACA provides is worth it. 
If the Republicans have their way, 
Maria will be deported. Having spent the majority of her life in this country, pledging allegiance to that flag, sing-ing our national anthem—the only one she knows—they want her out of this country as quickly as possible. 
America is better if Maria can stay. 
People will get a helping hand from her as they have throughout her entire life. I cannot understand this mean-spirited political strategy that cannot wait to deport this wonderful, amazing young woman from America. And 600,000 young people, many just like her, are only asking for a chance to make this a better Nation. 
I hope that we do have a debate on 
immigration. I hope Members of the Senate and Congress will reflect on the fact that we are a nation of immi-grants. Our diversity is our strength. Young people such as this who come to America make us a better Nation. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maine. 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, 3 weeks 
ago I came to the Senate floor to speak on an amendment which I had hoped would provide a framework that would accomplish three goals: 
First, to provide funding for the De-
partment of Homeland Security so that it could perform its vital mission of protecting the people of our country; 
Second, to put the Senate on record 
as opposing the President’s extraor-dinarily broad immigration actions 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26FE6.006 S26FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1131 February 26, 2015 
issued by Executive order in November 
of 2014; 
And, third, to ensure that individuals 
who were brought to this country as children and qualify for treatment under the June 2012 Executive order on Deferred Action for Childhood Arriv-als—the so-called DREAMers that Sen-
ator D
URBIN has just spoken of—could 
continue to benefit under that pro-gram. 
I am very pleased that it looks like 
we are moving forward on a bill to fully fund the Department of Homeland Security. We had a very strong vote on that yesterday. Indeed, I have not heard a single Senator on either side of the aisle say that we should shut down the Department of Homeland Security. Each of us recognizes its vital mission. 
As someone who served as the chair-
man or ranking member of the Home-land Security and Governmental Af-fairs Committee for a decade, I cer-tainly understand how vital the mis-sion of this Department is. 
I am keenly aware, as a member of 
the Intelligence Committee, of the threats against our country and the risks that we face from those who would do us harm. 
At the same time, as members of the 
legislative branch, we have an obliga-tion to speak out and to register our opposition when we believe that the President has exceeded his grant of Ex-ecutive authority under the Constitu-tion in a way that would undermine the separation of powers doctrine. I wish to read what a constitutional scholar has said about the President’s Executive order and how far the Presi-dent could or could not go. This is what this constitutional scholar says: 
Congress has said ‘‘here is the law’’ when it 
comes to those who are undocumented. . . . What we can do is to carve out the DREAM Act, saying young people who have basically grown up here are Americans that we should welcome. . . . But if we start broadening that, then essentially I would be ignoring the law in a way that I think would be very difficult to defend legally. So that’s not an option. 
Who was that constitutional scholar? 
It was the President of the United States, Barack Obama. He said this in September of 2013. President Obama got it right back then. I believe that he was within the scope of his Executive authority when he issued the 2012 Exec-utive orders that created DACA, which allowed for the DREAMers to stay here. 
Let me also make clear that I am a 
supporter of comprehensive immigra-tion reform. While I was disappointed that immigration reform legislation of some sort did not become law when we passed it a few years ago, I reject the notion that its failure can serve as jus-tification for the actions taken by the President last November. He simply cannot do by Executive fiat what Con-gress has refused to pass regardless of the wisdom of Congress’s decision. Such unilateral action is contrary to how our constitutional system is sup-posed to work, and it risks under-mining the separation of powers doc-
trine, which is central to our constitu-tional framework. 
That is really what this debate is 
about. It is about the proper constitu-tional constraints on unilateral Execu-tive action. It happens to be an Execu-tive action that deals with immigra-tion, but it could be an Executive ac-tion on any other issue. That is why it is important that we draw those lines. 
Indeed, the legislation I proposed, 
which we will be voting on at some point, is fully consistent with the court ruling in Texas, which my colleague, the senior Senator from Texas, is very familiar with and knows much more about than I do. But it is fully con-sistent with that ruling which lets stand the 2012 Executive order but stayed the implementation of the 2014 Executive order. There is a difference. 
Now, I consider the Senator from Illi-
nois to be an excellent Senator and a dear friend, and it truly pains me to disagree with his analysis of my amendment. I know that he acts in good faith. But there are either mis-understandings or misinterpretations or just plain disagreements. So I would like to go through some of the points that he has made about my amend-ment. 
One of the chief objections of the 
Senator from Illinois to my bill is that it strikes provisions of the November 2014 immigration action that would ex-pand—that is the key word; it would expand—the 2012 DACA Program to add certain individuals who are not eligible under that program. 
He talks about expanding the age 
limit, for example. 
Now, let’s take a look at exactly 
what the criteria are for DREAMers under the 2012 Executive order. These are criteria that were praised by my friend from Illinois and numerous other Senators on the Democratic side of the aisle when the President issued his Executive order. I, too, agree with these criteria. 
In order to qualify, an individual has 
to have come to the United States under the age of 16, has to have contin-ually resided in the United States for at least 5 years preceding the date of this memorandum, and has to be present on the date of the June 15, 2012, memorandum. 
The individual has to be currently ei-
ther in school, have graduated from high school, have obtained a general education development certificate or has to be an honorably discharged member of the Coast Guard or our mili-tary. In addition, the individual has to have a pretty good record. The person cannot have been convicted of a felony offense, a significant misdemeanor of-fense, multiple misdemeanor offenses or otherwise pose a threat to national security or public safety. And they cannot be above the age of 30. 
These are reasonable criteria that 
the President came up with. 
Frankly, I am not enthralled with 
the one that allows for multiple mis-demeanors, and the Executive order 
also states that the individual cannot have multiple misdemeanors. The form that is used by DHS says the individual can have up to three misdemeanors. I personally would require an absolutely clean record. But these are reasonable criteria, and these are not changed by the Collins bill in any way. The 2012 Executive order stands. 
So the argument of my friend from 
Illinois is focused on the fact that he wants an expansion of these criteria and to add other categories of individ-uals, and that is what the November 2014 immigration action does. It has nothing to do with the status of the in-dividuals who were allowed to stay in this country as a result of the 2012 Ex-ecutive order. My amendment protects the 2012 Executive order and those who benefited from it. 
So we have a sincere disagreement 
over what is appropriate to be done by Executive action and what needs to be done by legislation. Even though I sup-port many of the policies that are in the 2014 Executive order, I just don’t think the President can unilaterally proclaim those changes. 
Mr. DURBIN. Will Senator yield for a 
question? 
Ms. COLLINS. If the Senator’s ques-
tion is a brief one, I will be very happy to yield. 
Mr. DURBIN. I will make it very 
brief. If the Senator acknowledges— and I believe she does—that the Presi-dent had the authority in 2012 to issue an Executive order under DACA and to spell out the criteria, which includes, at the very bottom of her chart, that the person is not above the age of 30, why does the Senator disagree with this situation: someone who was 29 years old in June 2012, eligible for DACA, the Executive order, and now it is 2
1⁄2years later, and the President 
tried to amend in November 2014 that last line to expand it so that those who have aged out would still have a chance because Congress has not acted other-wise. Why would the Senator from Maine draw that distinction saying that the President has the authority to write this order but not the authority to amend this order? 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I am 
happy to respond to the point made by the Senator from Illinois. 
The point is that the President’s 2014 
Executive order goes far beyond those who would ‘‘age out,’’ in his words; it adds entirely new categories of people. In fact, the estimates are that some 5 million undocumented individuals would be covered by the 2014 Executive order. Should the President unilater-ally be allowed to make that kind of Executive order, that kind of change in our immigration law? The court has said no, and I believe the court is right about that. In fact, when these criteria were issued in 2012, the Senator from Illinois said in a press release as re-cently as June of last year, before the November Executive order, that this was a smart and lawful approach. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26FE6.018 S26FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1132 February 26, 2015 
So the answer is, how do you draw 
the line, and what is the appropriate role of the executive branch vis-a-vis the legislative branch? And I say that as someone who believes and hopes that later this year we will take up a comprehensive immigration bill, and I hope to be able to support it again. But this is an issue of what is the proper role of Congress vis-a-vis the President under our constitutional system. And I was not surprised when the Texas court kept the 2012 Executive order but blocked the 2014 Executive order. 
There is another issue the Senator 
from Illinois has raised that I think is a very important point to make. He has said that my bill could bar some of those who received the ability to stay in this country through the 2012 Execu-tive order from renewing their status. 
That is simply not how I read the Ex-
ecutive order, and I think it is very clear. Let’s look at the 2012 Executive order. This is what it says. This is what Janet Napolitano talked about in ‘‘ex-ercising prosecutorial discretion.’’ The June 15, 2012, DACA Executive order grants deferred action ‘‘for a period of two years’’—here are the key words— ‘‘subject to renewal.’’ So there is noth-ing in my amendment that prevents children and young adults—people up to age 30—from getting a renewal of the deferred status that they have been granted through this Executive order. It says it right there: ‘‘subject to re-newal.’’ 
But let’s look further at the data. 
This is on DHS’s Web site. According to the data from U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services, the government has renewed more than 148,000 2012 ap-plications as of the first quarter of this fiscal year, and many of them were completed before the November 2014 Executive orders were even issued. 
So there is nothing in my bill that 
prevents the renewal of those individ-uals who received this status. It is very clear—148,000 of them have had their applications renewed. 
The Senator from Illinois has said 
that I would prevent DHS from issuing a memorandum that allows for the re-newal. There is no need for such a memorandum; otherwise, 148,000 of these young people would not have been able to get a renewal—and before the 2014 Executive order was even issued. 
The Senator has also said that my 
bill calls into question the very legal-ity of the 2012 DACA order because it is a ‘‘very similar program to the 2014 Ex-ecutive action.’’ 
To restate my basic point, my bill 
does not affect the 2012 DACA Pro-gram. It is substantially different from the 2014 Executive order. In fact, if you read the language of the 2014 Executive order, it embraces that distinction. It specifically states that it does not re-scind or supersede the 2012 DACA order. 
Let me say that again. The 2014 Exec-
utive order specifically states that it does not rescind or supersede the Exec-utive order that was issued in 2012. In-
stead, it says it seeks to supplement or amend it. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, will the 
Senator yield for a question? 
Mr. HOEVEN. The Senator from 
Texas. 
Ms. COLLINS. I will be happy to 
yield to the Senator from Texas. 
Mr. CORNYN. I appreciate the lead-
ership of the Senator from Maine on this issue, and in her typical diligence and attention to detail, I think she has shown that the objections to a vote on the Collins amendment, which would be scheduled for Saturday unless moved up, are not well-taken. 
I would ask the Senator from Maine 
whether her interpretation of the President’s Executive action in Novem-ber of 2014 is any different from what the President himself said 22 different times, when he said he did not have the authority to issue such an Executive action? 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, if I 
could respond to the senior Senator from Texas, he raises an excellent point. I would bring up a quote that is just one of those 22 quotes in which the President has said over and over again that he would like to do more on immi-gration, that he was very disappointed the House didn’t take up the com-prehensive immigration bill but that his hands were tied. I believe at one point he even said, ‘‘I am not a king.’’ 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, will the 
Senator yield for a further question? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Texas. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I would 
ask the Senator from Maine—you are not alone—and the President is not alone—in stating your objections to the 2014 order. Your amendment would seek to get a vote and to put Senators on record. Is the Senator aware that there are a number—perhaps seven or eight Senators on the other side of the aisle who at different times around the November 2014 order said they were un-comfortable with the President taking this authority unto himself? In other words, I think the junior Senator from Maine was one who said that while he may agree with the outcome, this is not the right way to do it. Are you fa-miliar with the fact that there are many of our Democratic friends who have expressed similar concerns about the illegality of the President’s Execu-tive action? 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, it 
doesn’t surprise me that there are both Democratic Senators and Republican Senators who are extremely uncom-fortable with what the President did last November because it is so outside of the scope of his authority as Presi-dent that I think that most of my col-leagues, in their hearts, on the other side of the aisle must have qualms and misgivings about what the President did. In fact, I would almost guarantee that if a Republican President had ex-ceeded his Executive authority to that degree, there would have been an up-roar. So I think this is important in 
terms of our protecting the checks and balances that our Founding Fathers so wisely incorporated into the Constitu-tion. And I do believe there are even more Senators on the other side who may not have said what they were thinking but who really do have qualms about it even if they agree with the policy. 
We need to distinguish between the 
policy—whether or not some Members agree with the policy; some Members don’t—but the question is, Does the President’s frustration with Congress’s failure to pass immigration reform allow him to unilaterally write the law? 
The Senator from Texas is a former 
Supreme Court justice in Texas, and through the Chair I would pose that question to him. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Texas. 
Mr. CORNYN. I have to say to my 
friend, the Senator from Maine, that the Constitution is written in a way that divides government’s authority between the executive, legislative, and judicial branches. And I, of course, agree that there can be no justification on the part of the President that some-how Congress hadn’t acted enough or quickly enough or expansively enough to justify the extension of his author-ity under the Constitution. 
I wish to ask my friend from Maine 
another question in order to drill down on her earlier point. It seems to me that the Senator from Illinois, the dis-tinguished minority whip, is making the suggestion that we are mad about people benefiting from this Executive action, which, to my mind, could not be further from the truth. We all un-derstand the aspirations of people wanting a better way of life and to have opportunities, but isn’t it true that when we all take an oath to up-hold the constitutional laws of the United States—whether you are the President or a Senator—we have a sa-cred obligation to make sure no branch, including the President, usurps the authority of another branch or vio-lates those constitutional limitations? 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, the 
Senator from Texas, who has a fine legal mind and has served on the Texas Supreme Court, is exactly right. 
Moreover, I wish to read what Presi-
dent Obama himself said about the very point the Senator from Texas made about the oath when we held up our right hand and were sworn into this body, and the oath the President took when he became President. Here is what the President said in July 2011: 
I swore an oath to uphold the laws on the 
books . . . Now, I know some people want me to bypass Congress and to change the laws on my own . . . But that’s not how our system works. That’s not how our democracy func-tions. That’s not how our Constitution is written. 
President Obama had it exactly right 
when he stated that reality. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Texas. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26FE6.019 S26FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1133 February 26, 2015 
Mr. CORNYN. The Senator from 
Maine has been very patient with me. If I could ask two final questions. 
Given the 22 different public state-
ments the President of the United States himself said about his lack of authority to do what he did in Novem-ber of 2014, given the reservations pub-licly expressed and reported by a num-ber of Members on that side of the aisle about what the President has done, and given the fact there are 11 Democratic Senators who come from States that filed a lawsuit to block the President’s Executive action, can the Senator from Maine understand why the Democratic minority would try to block the Sen-ator’s amendment, which would put all Senators on record as to whether they agree with the President when he said that 22 times, whether they agree with the court that issued the preliminary injunction, and whether they agree with their own States that participated in this litigation to block the imple-mentation of this unlawful order? 
Can the Senator think of any reason 
why they would try to block or defeat the Senator’s amendment and put all Members of the Senate on record? 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, to re-
spond to the Senator from Texas, I hope that will not happen. I have put forth a way forward for this body. I want to ensure that the Department of Homeland Security is fully funded throughout the fiscal year. I want to ensure that we do not overturn the 2012 DACA Executive order, which is nar-row enough that it does not raise the very troubling issues the Senator from Texas has so eloquently outlined. But I do believe it is important for each of us to take a stand against the President’s overreach here. This is important. This matters. 
It is our job to protect the Constitu-
tion and to uphold our role, and that is what I am trying to do here—accom-plish those three goals—and that is what the Senator from Texas is dis-cussing. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, if I 
could ask the Senator from Maine one final question. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Texas. 
Mr. CORNYN. My friend has been 
enormously patient with me. We are trying to drill this issue down here so all of the Members of the Senate under-stand exactly what the Collins amend-ment does and does not do. 
We have talked about the fact that 
not only are there Members of the Sen-ate who are on record saying what the President did was an overreach, there are 11 Democratic Senators who come from States that filed a suit claiming irreparable damages to their States and will have an opportunity to vote for the Collins amendment—hopefully here soon. 
I wish to ask the Senator: There is 
one part of what the President’s Execu-tive order does that, to me, stands out above and beyond the constitutional issues, and that is the ability of people who have committed domestic vio-
lence, child exploitation, sexual abuse, and child molestation to somehow get kicked back to the end of the line when it comes to being repatriated to their state. 
For example, we all understand, as I 
said earlier, immigrants come here for a better life. We all understand that. We would hope they would come and play by the rules as opposed to not playing by the rules. Why in the world would the President want to reward, in effect, people who have committed do-mestic violence, child exploitation, sexual abuse, and child molestation by moving them down to a second-tier sta-tus of priority when it comes to repa-triation? 
Is the Senator familiar with what I 
am referring to? Perhaps my friend can enlighten us further on that. 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I am fa-
miliar with the issue the Senator from Texas refers to, and I kept a provision included in the bill that we will be vot-ing on at some point, on that issue. It seems to me, if you are a convicted sex offender, why do we want you in this country? 
The irony is that just this week the 
Senate Judiciary Committee held a hearing on sex trafficking, and we heard heartbreaking stories of very young girls who had been abused by men, who had been taken from State to State, coerced into prostitution. I do not want those individuals, if they come from another country, to be al-lowed to stay here. All 20 of the women of the Senate requested this hearing from the Judiciary Committee, and the Senator from Texas and the Senator from Minnesota have bills that deal with this kind of human trafficking. We are trying to send a message that these individuals should be a high pri-ority for deportation, but I want to make it clear that contrary to allega-tions that have been made about my bill—and, frankly, it is a completely specious argument—there is nothing in my bill that deprives the Department of Homeland Security of the authority it needs to pursue those who would seek to harm our country—those, for example, who are terrorists or belong to gangs or pose some sort of public safety or national security threat. 
Indeed, the public safety threat is big 
enough to cover the people we are talk-ing about, but we think they merit spe-cial mention in our bill. Why would we want to keep someone in our country who is deportable, who is a sex of-fender, who has been convicted of child molestation or domestic violence? It makes no sense. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, if I 
could close with a followup question. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Texas. 
Mr. CORNYN. I thank the Senator 
from Maine for her leadership on this important amendment. To me it is un-thinkable that Senators would block a vote on the Collins amendment at some point in the process this week because what it does, as the Senator has point-
ed out, is basically reinforce what the President said himself 22 different times when he said he didn’t have the authority. It reaffirms what the Fed-eral District Court held in Brownsville recently, and which 26 States filed suit on. I share the Senator’s bewilderment, really, at how on one hand we can be condoning people coming into the country and showing disrespect not only for our immigration laws but compounding that disrespect with these heinous offenses, such as domes-tic violence, child exploitation, sexual abuse, and child molestation, particu-larly after we voted unanimously out of the Senate Judiciary Committee on a bipartisan basis these anti-traf-ficking bills the Senator spoke about. 
I want to close by thanking the Sen-
ator and the women of the Senate for leading us toward passage of this anti- trafficking legislation, but to also point out, once again, the complete unacceptability of this idea that some-how we are going to play games by blocking the Collins amendment vote and somehow condoning the same con-duct on one hand and on the other hand we are condemning them through the passage of this anti-trafficking legisla-tion. 
I thank the Senator and the Pre-
siding Officer. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maine. 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I thank 
the Senator from Texas for his con-tributions to this very important de-bate. I believe he helped to clarify a lot of important issues that I hope Mem-bers on both sides of the aisle will con-sider as they cast their votes. 
I am for comprehensive immigration 
reform. I have voted that way. That is not what this is about. My bill simply prevents the executive branch from usurping the legislative power by cre-ating categorical exceptions from the law for whole classes of people. That power belongs to Congress. Whether Congress was wrong or whether Con-gress was right, it does not give the President the authority to write the law on his own, and that is what he has done with his November 2014 Executive order. 
I wish to make two other points be-
fore I close. The first point is there is nothing in my legislation that in any way undoes the more limited 2012 Exec-utive order that applies to the DREAMers—nothing. It doesn’t pre-vent them from being renewed nor does it take away their status. There is nothing that changes that Executive order. The first version of the House bill did, and I opposed that provision and it is not in my bill. 
The second point I will make is that 
this debate is not about immigration. It really is about the power of the President versus the powers delineated in our Constitution for Congress and the judicial branch. 
I will close, once again, with Presi-
dent Obama’s own words, because he 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26FE6.021 S26FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1134 February 26, 2015 
got it right back in September of 2013. 
He said: 
Congress has said ‘‘here is the law’’ when it 
comes to those who are undocumented . . . What we can do is to carve out the DREAM Act— 
And that is what he did with his 2012 
Executive order. 
saying young people who have basically 
grown up here are Americans that we should welcome . . . But if we start broadening that— 
Which is exactly what he did in his 
2014 Executive order. 
then essentially I would be ignoring the law 
in a way that I think would be very difficult to defend legally. So that’s not an option. 
That is why the court stayed the im-
plementation of the 2014 Executive order. 
I thank the Presiding Officer. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
NET NEUTRALITY  
Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I 
rise today to speak about a historic de-cision by the Federal Communications Commission. It was a 3-to-2 decision in a landmark case that will go down as a way to protect an open Internet econ-omy. Consumers all across America should applaud this decision—and I know they will in the Pacific North-west—because we will be protecting an aspect of our economy that has created thousands of jobs and millions of dol-lars. 
This decision, known as Net neu-
trality, simply says that cable compa-nies and telecom companies cannot ar-tificially charge more on the Internet, thereby slowing down traffic or making a two-tier system in which some appli-cations would be given access to faster service and others not, based on what they paid for. 
This is an important decision because 
it champions an open Internet econ-omy that has built so many new as-pects of the way we communicate, the way we educate, and the way we con-tinue to transact business around the globe. In 2010 the Internet economy ac-
counted for 4.7 percent, or approxi-mately $68 billion, of America’s gross domestic product. Next year that Internet economy is expected to pass $100 billion and comprise 5.4 percent of our country’s estimated $18 trillion GDP. So in 6 years the Internet’s value has climbed over 30 percent. 
What this decision says is: Let’s pro-
tect the Internet. Let’s not artificially tax it, let’s not artificially slow it down, and let’s not artificially create two tiers of an Internet system and stymie innovation. So many of us now know and enjoy the benefits the Inter-net provides when we buy a Starbucks coffee and use an app to pay for it or use an app to get on an airplane—and so many other ways that we commu-nicate in an information age. Slowing all that down by just one second causes big problems and curtails an economy of growth. 
We all know we have questions about 
the way cable companies and phone companies charge us for data. Let’s 
make sure the Federal Communica-tions Commission does its job by over-seeing those companies that might want to charge more for those services than they need to charge. Let’s keep an open Internet. Let’s have Net neu-trality be the law of the land. 
I applaud the FCC for this historic 
decision today. 
I thank the Chair, and I yield the 
floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Jersey. 
f 
CELEBRATING BLACK HISTORY 
MONTH 
Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, I rise 
today in partnership with Senator T
HADCOCHRAN from Mississippi having 
just submitted a resolution recognizing and celebrating Black History Month here in the United States of America. 
I wish to take a few moments before 
that to address an issue that very poignantly has been anguishing my heart for my entire life. From the time I was growing up in the small town of Harrington Park, NJ, through my ca-reer in school and college, this has been grieving my heart. It has been grieving my heart since I started work-ing in a predominantly minority city— a city I love—Newark, NJ. 
I bring this up in the context of a 
previous speech I gave about our bro-ken criminal justice system that makes us singular, among all of hu-manity on planet Earth, for the amount of our population that we in-carcerate. We have 5 percent of the globe’s population but about 25 percent of all of the globe’s imprisoned people. This explosion is not consistent with our history. In fact, it is inconsistent with our history. It is incongruent with our values. To be very specific, the ex-plosion of our prison population is be-cause of the war on drugs. 
The bottom line is that there were 
fewer people incarcerated in 1980 for any reason than there are today in prison and jails for drug offenses alone. Let me say that again, we have more people incarcerated today, either in prisons or in jails, just for drug crimes than all of the people incarcerated in the year 1980. In fact, due to this drug war our Federal prison population has exploded about 800 percent. 
In the context of what I am about to 
talk about in this resolution recog-nizing African-American history, I wish to particularly point to today this grievous reality that our war on drugs has disproportionately affected African Americans, Latinos, minorities, and the poor in general. 
It is painful for me to have seen in 
my lifetime, in the town I grew up in or at Stanford or Yale, many of my friends using drugs such as marijuana, many of them buying drugs such as marijuana, and many of them selling drugs such as marijuana. But the re-ality is the justice system they experi-enced for breaking the law was very different than the justice system I saw 
in Newark, NJ. The reality is we don’t have a system of equal justice under law, but a system that disproportion-ately affects minorities in a way that is stunning and an affront to our na-tion’s values. Arrest rates for drug use have a disparate impact on people of color. There is no questioning that. 
This is unacceptable. When it comes to people who break the law in America, there is actually no difference between blacks and whites who have committed drug crimes—none whatsoever, but Af-rican Americans, for example, when it comes to marijuana, are arrested at 3.7 times the rate that whites are in this country. While their usages were simi-lar in Newark or Stanford, law enforce-ment has arrested and incarcerated far more minorities living in urban com-munities than whites living in subur-ban communities. 
Between 2007 and 2009, drug sentences 
for African American men were longer than those for white men. Drug sen-tences for black men were 13.1 percent longer for the same crime than those for white men. So not only are more African Americans and Latinos and people of color being targeted and ar-rested at higher rates than whites for the same crimes, but they are also get-ting and serving longer sentences. 
Human Rights Watch put it simply. 
They found that even though the ma-jority of illegal drug users and dealers nationwide are white, three-quarters of all people imprisoned for drug offenses are minorities. This should call out to the conscience of everyone in our coun-try. 
We believe fundamentally, at the 
core of our American values, in this ideal of equal justice under the law. The punishing thing about this is that not only are arrest rates higher, not only are they receiving longer sen-tences, but when we get such a dis-proportionate amount of people being arrested and incarcerated, the collat-eral consequences which they see at the end of the system become even more punishing on those communities. We now have cities in America that for certain age demographics, almost 50 percent of African American men have been arrested, and over 40 percent of Latino men have been arrested. And what that means is that once someone has a felony conviction for the non-violent use of drugs, one’s ability to go to college, to get a Pell grant, to get a job, and even to get many business li-censes, is undermined. 
Right now we see this punishing im-
pact destroying many communities. In-stead of empowering people to succeed, we are getting people trapped in our criminal justice system. Instead of the solid rock of success, people are being sucked into the quicksand of a broken criminal justice system. For example, the blacks and Latinos in the United States are 29 percent of the population but make up almost 60 percent of the prison population. In New Jersey, blacks and Latinos are 32 percent of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:35 Feb 26, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26FE6.022 S26FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1135 February 26, 2015 
the total State population, but blacks 
and Latinos make up 81 percent of our prison population. 
An often overlooked group in this 
discussion on the disproportionate im-pact on minorities is Native Ameri-cans. For instance, in North Dakota, Native Americans make up 5 percent of the total State population but 29 per-cent of the prison population. These numbers, again, go against the truth of who we are as a country. 
So at this moment, when we are cele-
brating our history, when blacks and whites and Christians, Jews, and Mus-lims come together to advance our Na-tion—indeed, I stand here today be-cause of the collective conviction of this country to live up to its values and ideals that all of us are created equal under God and that all of us should have an equal opportunity to succeed and be seen equally by our gov-ernment. 
It is at this moment that I say we 
can and must do better. In fact, many States, including red States, led by Re-publicans, are showing that there is a different way. For example, States such as Texas, Georgia, and North Carolina are leading on this issue. Texas is known for its law and order, but it has made tremendous strides in adopting policies that have decreased its prison population and positively af-fected minorities in the State. In fact, the Governor of Georgia continually talks about the fact that he has been able to lower his black male incarcer-ation rate by about 20 percent over the past 5 years. 
So as I prepare to join with the great 
Senator from Mississippi, I just want to say from the bottom of my heart that it is time to reform our legal sys-tem to make it truly a justice system. We want it so that everyone under the law faces equal treatment and so that we empower our entire community in America to be successful, not tie them up unnecessarily when even though they have paid the price for their crime. Punishment should not haunt someone for the rest of their existence. 
I remember these words spoken by 
the great Langston Hughes, one of our great American poets, an African- American man who once said: There is a dream in this land with its back against the wall; to save this dream for one, we must save it for all. 
This is the dream of America. We can 
do better. Indeed, many communities are committing themselves to creating a justice system which we can be proud of. We know in the Senate—Members on both sides of the political aisle; whether it is Senator L
EEor Senator 
DURBIN or whether it is Senator C OR-
NYN or Senator W HITEHOUSE —that to-
gether we can evidence these values. 
With that, I recognize and yield for a 
moment to a friend and an ally, the Senator from Mississippi, T
HAD COCH-
RAN. 
Mr. COCHRAN. Mr. President, I am 
very pleased to join my friend in intro-ducing legislation celebrating Black History Month. This opportunity pro-
vides us with an excuse, if we need one, to remember the challenges and the failures of the past, and the embarrass-ments and the criminalities, and so many challenging and horrible things that have characterized the treatment of citizens in the United States with injustice, with discrimination, with segregation, and all of the horribles we can remember as we contemplate this subject. 
Today, the Senator from Mississippi 
is joining the Senator from New Jersey and others in giving us another oppor-tunity to not only remember past in-justice and celebrate victories over it but also to commemorate contribu-tions being made today throughout our country to ensure equality and justice and opportunity for all Americans. 
The rich history we have as a nation 
should include a promise for the future carved by African Americans as central contributors. They were here during the darkest times. They are still here, and they are continuing to make huge and important contributions to our Na-tion. 
So I am pleased to join my friend, the 
distinguished Senator from New Jer-sey, to support the adoption of our res-olution. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
AS-
SIDY). The Senator from New Jersey. 
Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, I cannot 
tell you how grateful I am for those good words from my colleague. Truly, they resonate with my heart and my spirit. The gravity of this historic mo-ment is not lost on me. It is a tribute to his character that he cosponsored this with me, as he understands, as he said so clearly, that American history is a beautiful mosaic, with contribu-tions from every corner of the globe being made in this great country that we call the United States of America. 
It is with that spirit and that recol-
lection of our past, with a commitment to forge an even brighter future, that I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 88, submitted earlier today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 88) Celebrating Black 
History Month. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. BOOKER. I further ask unani-
mous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be con-sidered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 88) was agreed 
to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, I am 
grateful for that. Again, I thank my colleague for his partnership. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SE-
CURITY APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2015—MOTION TO PROCEED—Con-tinued 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE  
Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Repub-licans control the next hour and that the Democrats control the following hour. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Under the previous order, the major-
ity will control the next hour, and the Democrats will control the following hour. 
Mr. COCHRAN. Mr. President, I sug-
gest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, on 
July 14 of last year, I wrote a letter to lawmakers on both sides of the aisle warning that the President was plan-ning to issue an Executive amnesty for 5 million illegal aliens—people unlaw-fully in America. Congress was at the time considering a supplemental fund-ing measure for the Department of Homeland Security. 
I wrote: 
Congress must not acquiesce to spending 
more taxpayer dollars until the President unequivocally rescinds his threat of more il-legal executive action... If Congress simply passes a supplemental spending bill without these preconditions, it is not a question of if the President will suspend more immigra-tion laws, but only how many he will sus-pend. 
Executive amnesty became a major 
issue in the election last November. Many Members of the Senate and House who had supported these immi-gration policies of the President didn’t come back. They were sent home, and many returning on both sides of the aisle said during their campaigns that they opposed these policies. 
Still, on November 20, after a historic 
midterm election defeat, President Obama defied the will of the American people and Congress and issued his Ex-ecutive amnesty for 5 million persons. This amnesty included not just the right to stay in America but an ex-plicit photo ID, work authorization, work permits, Social Security numbers and Social Security benefits, Medicare benefits, cash tax credits, and the right to basically take any job in America— at a time of high unemployment and falling wages, as economists have told us is happening. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:20 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26FE6.016 S26FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1136 February 26, 2015 
Each of these measures had been con-
sidered and explicitly rejected by Con-gress. It wasn’t as if this was some-thing the President just conceived. It had been considered and rejected. Con-gress acted decisively to oppose the President’s legislation and to maintain in effect the current laws of the United States as codified in the Immigration and Nationality Act. President Obama’s Executive action nullified the immigration laws we do have and re-placed them with the very measures Congress and the American people have time and time again rejected. 
Not even King George III had the 
power to act without Parliament. President Obama himself described such an action as being something only an emperor could do. Those were his words. Twenty-two times the President declared such an action would be ille-gal. President Obama ignored his own warnings and issued an edict that de-
fies the Congress, the Constitution, and centuries of legal heritage that gave birth to our present Republic. 
The Founders, in their wisdom, gave 
the Congress the tools it would need to stop a President who overreaches. First, it gave the power to pass laws to the Congress, as every child in school knows. Congress passes the laws, not the President. This is a matter of great fundamental importance. Then it gave the Congress the tools it would need to stop a President because they antici-pated Presidents may overreach in the future. Chief among those powers is the power of the purse, and that is what we are talking about today: Should Con-gress fund the President’s actions that are contrary to law, contrary to con-gressional wishes, and contrary to the American people’s wishes? That is the question. 
Let me now read from the Federalist 
Papers, Federalist 58, authored by the great Father of the Constitution, James Madison. He is talking about the House of Representatives, and the House of Representatives now has fund-ed Homeland Security fully. Every-thing that needs to be passed to fund the Homeland Security operations they passed. They simply said: You cannot spend money to provide amnesty and these benefits and these Social Secu-rity and ID cards. You can’t spend money on that. We don’t approve spending money on that. 
So what has happened in the Senate? 
Our Democratic colleagues have fili-bustered the bill. They will not even let it come up on the floor, not even to vote on amendments. Senator M
CCON-
NELL told them they would have 
amendments. It has put the Congress and the country in a very difficult posi-tion. 
This is what Madison said: 
The House of Representatives cannot only 
refuse, but they alone can propose, the sup-plies requisite for the support of govern-ment. They, in a word, hold the purse, that powerful instrument, by which we behold, in the history of the British Constitution, an infant and humble representation of the peo-ple gradually enlarging the sphere of its ac-tivity and importance, and finally reducing, 
as far as it seems to have wished, all the overgrown prerogatives of the other 
branches of government. This power over the purse may, in fact, be regarded as the most complete and effectual weapon with which any constitution can arm the immediate rep-resentatives of the people, for obtaining a re-dress of every grievance, and for carrying into effect every just and salutary measure. 
It is a complete power of the elected 
representatives by the people of Amer-ica. First of all, the American people through their elected representatives rejected the President’s policies on im-migration. They chose to keep current law, but this did not satisfy the Presi-dent. He asked Congress to change it, and Congress refused. They refused in 2006, 2007, 2010, 2013, 2014. It has been re-jected by Congress repeatedly. So that is where we are. 
Congress has no duty to do this. Con-
gress has no obligation to fund those actions which it believes simply are unwise. It has an absolute duty, it seems to me, not to fund actions which are unlawful and unconstitutional. Congress cannot fund an action which dissolves its own powers. 
Congress shouldn’t fund Presidential 
actions that are against the law, and Congress certainly cannot fund an ac-tion which dissolves its own powers. Congress cannot become a museum piece, a marble building that tourists visit to hear about great debates from long ago, but which now exists merely to approve that which the President demands. It doesn’t have to approve one thing the President asks for if it is not a correct thing. 
So consider the precedent being es-
tablished here: Congress passes a law, just as Congress passed the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act. A President proposes a new law to replace the cur-rent one. Hearing vast public opposi-tion, Congress rejects the new law the President has proposed. Frustrated, the President then issues an edict elimi-nating the current law and replacing it with measures he has proposed but which the people’s representatives had rejected. The President then demands Congress provide him with the money to execute his unlawful program. The Congress says no. The President then accuses Congress of shutting down the government for not funding his unlaw-ful program. Congress surrenders, quits, gives up, and the President gets what he wants. 
Have the people of the United States 
been served in that fashion? Has the Constitution of the United States been served? Has the Congress of the United States not acquiesced in its own dimin-ishment, violating its duty to ensure that every dollar spent by the Govern-ment of the United States is spent on policies that are appropriate? 
Well, is this to be the new normal? 
Congress must provide the President with the funds he wants for any project he dreams up, no matter how illegal or unconstitutional? Is the power of the purse now a historic concept never to be used again when it is needed most? There is no more basic application of 
congressional power than to establish where funds may or may not be spent. Indeed, that is the very definition of an appropriations bill. There could never be a more important time to exercise such a power than when free govern-ment, our republican heritage itself, is at stake. 
We cannot let this Congress go down 
in the history books as the Congress that established a new precedent that we will fund any imperial decree that violates established American law. 
And this is not a minor constitu-
tional violation; it is an explosive vio-lation. It threatens our very sov-ereignty, the extent of which exceeds anything I have ever seen in my time in the Senate. I cannot imagine and cannot recall one in the past—so bla-tant a violation. Essential to any sov-ereign nation is the enforcement of its borders, the application of uniform rules for exit and entry, and the deliv-ery of consequences for any who vio-late those rules. 
But the President has suspended 
those borders, erased those rules, and replaced consequences with rewards. People who have entered unlawfully, stayed here unlawfully, are being re-warded with work permits, Social Se-curity benefits and Medicare benefits, ID cards, legal status. He has arrogated for himself the sole and absolute power to decide who comes to the United States. That is, in effect, what it is. He gets to decide unilaterally who can stay and live in the United States and who works in the United States. 
At this very moment, he continues— 
despite a court order—to allow new il-legal immigrants by the thousands to stream across the border, to violate their visas, and to wait for their am-nesty too, which they expect will occur sometime in the future. Why not? Every officer and expert in the Border Patrol and USCIS has told us if this stands, it will encourage more illegal immigration in the future. 
I cannot vote for any legislation that 
funds this illegal amnesty. There must be a line in the sand and a moment where people say: This is where it stops. That is why I will oppose the legislation if these amnesty restric-tions are removed from the House bill. I will support the House bill, but I can-not support the bill if the restrictions are removed. I will urge my colleagues to do the same. 
Look, the American people are right 
and just and good and decent people. They have asked of Congress, begged of Congress, pleaded with Congress for years for our laws to be enforced. They want us to have a lawful system of im-migration that serves the national in-terests, one they can be proud of, one that people can rely on when they apply to come to the United States. 
They have demanded—and Congress 
responded and has passed laws over the years to protect the jobs and the wages of the American people. They have elected lawmaker after lawmaker, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:20 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26FE6.023 S26FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1137 February 26, 2015 
however, who has pledged to do this 
and make this system work, and to end the lawlessness. 
But each time their will has been 
nullified. Each time their laws that have been passed have been ignored. Each time the special interests, the open-border billionaires, the global elites, get their way. 
In the simplest of terms, here is 
where we stand now, truly: Six of our Democratic colleagues need to switch their votes and end the filibuster of the House bill. Six Senate Democrats are standing in the way of the interests of 300 million Americans. Six Senate Democrats are keeping from protecting American workers and American bor-ders. 
They are uniform, in lockstep, block-
ing the consideration of the House bill that funds Homeland Security but does not fund the unlawful actions of the President. So we will have to take this case to the American people and see whether it is indeed possible these Democrats are able to defy the hopes, dreams, and sacred rights of every law- abiding American citizen. 
f 
AWARDING A CONGRESSIONAL 
GOLD MEDAL TO THE FOOT SOL-DIERS WHO PARTICIPATED IN BLOODY SUNDAY, TURNAROUND TUESDAY, OR THE FINAL SELMA TO MONTGOMERY VOTING RIGHTS MARCH IN MARCH OF 1965 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, I am 
excited about an event today. I had the honor—Senator B
OOKER was on the 
floor earlier today. He is a cosponsor with me. We celebrate today the pas-sage of a gold medal bill. 
I ask unanimous consent that the 
Senate proceed to the immediate con-sideration of Calendar No. 24, S. 527. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 527) to award a Congressional 
Gold Medal to the Foot Soldiers who partici-pated in Bloody Sunday, Turnaround Tues-day, or the final Selma to Montgomery Vot-ing Rights March in March of 1965, which served as a catalyst for the Voting Rights Act of 1965. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed, and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The bill (S. 527) was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 527 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. FINDINGS. 
The Congress finds the following: (1) March 7, 2015, will mark 50 years since 
the brave Foot Soldiers of the Voting Rights Movement first attempted to march from 
Selma to Montgomery on ‘‘Bloody Sunday’’ in protest against the denial of their right to vote, and were brutally assaulted by Ala-bama state troopers. 
(2) Beginning in 1964, members of the Stu-
dent Nonviolent Coordinating Committee at-tempted to register African-Americans to vote throughout the state of Alabama. 
(3) These efforts were designed to ensure 
that every American citizen would be able to exercise their constitutional right to vote and have their voices heard. 
(4) By December of 1964, many of these ef-
forts remained unsuccessful. Dr. Martin Lu-ther King, Jr., working with leaders from the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee and the Southern Christian Leadership Con-ference, began to organize protests through-out Alabama. 
(5) On March 7, 1965, over 500 voting rights 
marchers known as ‘‘Foot Soldiers’’ gathered on the Edmund Pettus Bridge in Selma, Ala-bama in peaceful protest of the denial of their most sacred and constitutionally pro-tected right—the right to vote. 
(6) Led by John Lewis of the Student Non-
violent Coordinating Committee and Rev. Hosea Williams of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference, these Foot Soldiers began the march towards the Alabama State Capitol in Montgomery, Alabama. 
(7) As the Foot Soldiers crossed the Ed-
mund Pettus Bridge, they were confronted by a wall of Alabama state troopers who bru-tally attacked and beat them. 
(8) Americans across the country witnessed 
this tragic turn of events as news stations broadcasted the brutality on a day that would be later known as ‘‘Bloody Sunday.’’ 
(9) Two days later on Tuesday, March 9, 
1965, nearly 2,500 Foot Soldiers led by Dr. Martin Luther King risked their lives once more and attempted a second peaceful march starting at the Edmund Pettus Bridge. This second attempted march was later known as ‘‘Turnaround Tuesday.’’ 
(10) Fearing for the safety of these Foot 
Soldiers who received no protection from federal or state authorities during this sec-ond march, Dr. King led the marchers to the base of the Edmund Pettus Bridge and stopped. Dr. King kneeled and offered a pray-er of solidarity and walked back to the church. 
(11) President Lyndon B. Johnson, inspired 
by the bravery and determination of these Foot Soldiers and the atrocities they en-dured, announced his plan for a voting rights bill aimed at securing the precious right to vote for all citizens during an address to 
Congress on March 15, 1965. 
(12) On March 17, 1965, one week after 
‘‘Turnaround Tuesday’’, U.S. District Judge Frank M. Johnson ruled the Foot Soldiers had a First Amendment right to petition the government through peaceful protest, and ordered federal agents to provide full protec-tion to the Foot Soldiers during the Selma to Montgomery Voting Rights March. 
(13) Judge Johnson’s decision overturned 
Alabama Governor George Wallace’s prohibi-tion on the protest due to public safety con-cerns. 
(14) On March 21, 1965, under the court 
order, the U.S. Army, the federalized Ala-bama National Guard, and countless federal agents and marshals escorted nearly 8,000 Foot Soldiers from the start of their heroic journey in Selma, Alabama to their safe ar-rival on the steps of the Alabama State Cap-itol Building on March 25, 1965. 
(15) The extraordinary bravery and sac-
rifice these Foot Soldiers displayed in pur-suit of a peaceful march from Selma to Montgomery brought national attention to the struggle for equal voting rights, and served as the catalyst for Congress to pass the Voting Rights Act of 1965, which Presi-
dent Johnson signed into law on August 6, 1965. 
(16) To commemorate the 50th anniversary 
of the Voting Rights Movement and the pas-sage of the Voting Rights Act of 1965, it is befitting that Congress bestow the highest civilian honor, the Congressional Gold Medal, in 2015, to the Foot Soldiers who par-ticipated in Bloody Sunday, Turnaround Tuesday or the final Selma to Montgomery Voting Rights March during March of 1965, which served as a catalyst for the Voting Rights Act of 1965. 
SEC. 2. CONGRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL. 
(a) P RESENTATION AUTHORIZED .—The 
Speaker of the House of Representatives and the President Pro Tempore of the Senate shall make appropriate arrangements for the presentation, on behalf of Congress, of a gold medal of appropriate design to the Foot Sol-
diers who participated in Bloody Sunday, Turnaround Tuesday, or the final Selma to Montgomery Voting Rights March during March of 1965, which served as a catalyst for the Voting Rights Act of 1965. 
(b) D
ESIGN AND STRIKING .—For purposes of 
the presentation referred to in subsection (a), the Secretary of the Treasury (referred to in this Act as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall strike a gold medal with suitable emblems, devices, and inscriptions to be determined by the Secretary. 
(c) A
WARD OF MEDAL .—Following the 
award of the gold medal described in sub-section (a), the medal shall be given to the Selma Interpretative Center in Selma, Ala-bama, where it shall be available for display or temporary loan to be displayed elsewhere, as appropriate. 
SEC. 3. DUPLICATE MEDALS. 
The Secretary may strike and sell dupli-
cates in bronze of the gold medal struck pur-suant to section 2 under such regulations as the Secretary may prescribe, at a price suffi-cient to cover the cost thereof, including labor, materials, dies, use of machinery, and overhead expenses, and the cost of the gold medal. 
SEC. 4. STATUS OF MEDALS. 
(a) N ATIONAL MEDALS .—The medals struck 
pursuant to this Act are national medals for purposes of chapter 51 of title 31, United States Code. 
(b) N
UMISMATIC ITEMS .—For purposes of 
sections 5134 and 5136 of title 31, United States Code, all medals struck under this Act shall be considered to be numismatic items. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, this 
marks the 50th anniversary of the Vot-ing Rights Act of 1965, and that his-toric event in Selma, AL, in March of 1965. So this bill, I believe, is a fitting honor that recognizes the courage and determination of the civil rights marches at Selma 50 years ago. 
The Selma-to-Montgomery march 
was a pivotal event in the drive to achieve the right to vote for all Ameri-cans, a right which was being system-atically denied in that area and other places in the country. This action was historic. It dealt a major blow to delib-erate discrimination. It produced a positive and lasting change for Ameri-cans. 
Those who stood tall for freedom on 
that fateful day deserve to be honored with the Congressional Gold Medal. It is a rare thing. We do not give it out often. But this is a very special occa-sion. I think these courageous individ-uals are greatly worthy of this high recognition from the Congress. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:20 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26FE6.024 S26FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1138 February 26, 2015 
I would note that two Alabama Con-
gresswomen, new, younger Members of the House of Representatives, M
ARTHA  
ROBY, a Republican, and T ERRI SEWELL , 
a Democrat, introduced similar bills in the House of Representatives, which passed unanimously, 420 to 0. The Sen-ate bill today that Senator B
OOKER and 
I have moved out of the Senate bank-ing committee, which my colleague from Alabama, Senator S
HELBY , 
chairs—it moved out of that committee unanimously. It now has been passed through the Senate. 
It was a very historic day. It marked 
an alteration in the history of Amer-ica. It changed an unacceptable abuse of American rights, the right to vote, and it created a more positive world, country, and region. I grew up not too far from there. I was in high school or junior high school when that happened. I remember reading about it, thinking about it, but I do not think I fully un-derstood the significance of it until time had gone by. 
I think this is a very fitting honor. I 
am pleased it has passed today. I am pleased for those who will receive the honor. 
I yield the floor. Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I 
support S. 527, a bill to honor the foot soldiers of the historic civil rights march that led thousands from Selma to Montgomery in a peaceful protest for their right to vote. 
I am proud to cosponsor this bill, 
which would award the Congressional Gold Medal to those who gave their blood, sweat, and tears in the name of ending unfathomable injustices in our country. In honor of the 50th anniver-sary of the march, this award will rec-ognize those whose groundbreaking ef-forts acted as a catalyst for the Voting Rights Act and made our Nation a more free and equitable place. 
Bloody Sunday, Turnaround Tues-
day, and the final 54-mile march from Selma to the Alabama state capitol in Montgomery were defining moments in the never-ending struggle for equal treatment under the law. On Bloody Sunday, peaceful marchers at the Ed-mund Pettus Bridge by Selma were met by State troopers and locals, re-sulting in a brutal conflict. Seventeen members of the march were hospital-ized, and shameful images of protesters being beaten with nightsticks focused national and worldwide attention on the event. Following Turnaround Tues-day, in which 2,500 marchers held a si-lent prayer at the same bridge, and a court battle to stop police interference with the march, a final march took place with over 25,000 people flooding the State capitol. 
The Bloody Sunday, Turnaround 
Tuesday, and Montgomery marches created undeniable momentum for change, and the events left an indelible mark on our national consciousness. President Johnson presented the Vot-ing Rights Act to Congress shortly after Turnaround Tuesday, and by Au-gust of the same year, the bill passed Congress. This bill would provide the plainly 
warranted recognition to these brave men and women. It would provide a Congressional Gold Medal to be dis-played at the Selma Interpretive Cen-ter near the Edmund Pettus Bridge, a fitting tribute to the Foot Soldiers who made that fateful march. 
Our country was founded on the pre-
cept that the power of government is derived from the people it governs. The primary form of expressing opinions in our democracy is through voting. The marchers who risked everything were committed to ensuring our democracy was truly representative, leaving a lasting and positive effect on our Na-tion. I salute these Foot Soldiers today, and I urge the Senate to swiftly pass this important legislation. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SE-
CURITY APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2015—MOTION TO PROCEED—Con-tinued 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oklahoma. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that I be recog-nized to speak as in morning business for such time as I shall consume. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that I be permitted to use a visible example of the cold weather during my remarks. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I am 
reminiscent, with the snow on the ground, of 5 years ago. The Presiding Officer was not here at that time. He does not have the advantage of know-ing the story of what is behind this. The story that is behind this is that back when they started all the hysteria on global warming, there happened to be another snowstorm that was unprec-edented. It set a record that year. 
There is a charming family of six, I 
say to my friend in the chair, who built this. Their picture is here. That hap-pens to be my daughter and her family of six. At that time it got a lot of at-tention. It actually got a lot of na-tional attention. 
In case we have forgotten, because we 
keep hearing that 2014 has been the warmest year on record, I ask the Chair: Do you know what this is? It is a snowball. That is just from outside here. So it is very cold out, very unsea-sonable. So, Mr. President, catch this. 
We hear the perpetual headline that 
2014 has been the warmest year on record. Now the script has flipped. I think it is important, since we hear it over and over and over again on the floor of this Senate. Some outlets are referring to the recent cold tempera-tures as the ‘‘Siberian Express,’’ as we can see with the snowball out there. This is today. This is reality. 
Others are printing pictures of a fro-
zen Niagara Falls. And 4,700 square miles of ice have formed on the Great 
Lakes in 1 night. That has never hap-pened before. 
Let’s talk more about the warmest 
year claim. On January 16, NASA’s Goddard Institute for Space Studies and the National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration, NOAA, con-cluded that 2014 was the warmest year in modern record, which starts in 1880. 
NASA relied on readings from over 
3,000 measuring stations worldwide, and only found an increase of just two one-hundredths of a degree over the previous record. Now an important point that was left out of the NASA press release was that the margin of error, which on average is 0.1 degree Celsius, was several times greater than the amount of warming. So, in reality, it is so far within the margin of error that it is not really recordable. This discrepancy was questioned at a press conference, and NASA’s GISS Director backtracked. 
This is the Goddard Institute for 
Space Studies. He backtracked on the warmest year headline saying there was only a 38-percent chance that 2014 was the warmest year on the record. Another recent report issued by the Berkeley Earth surface temperature project, using data from more than 30,000 temperature stations, concluded that if 2014 was the warmest year on record, it was by less than 0.01 degrees Celsius—again, below the margin of error ultimately making it possible to conclude that 2014 was the warmest record on year. 
Additional climate experts, including 
University of Oklahoma geophysicist David Deming, have stated that the warmest year on record statement is only as relevant as when the record ac-tually began. Others state that record- setting conclusions issued in January require the use of incomplete data be-cause the preponderance of the data ar-rives much later from underdeveloped and developing nations. 
The media was quick to ditch the 
warmest year on record claim as cold weather has left most of the country experiencing record low temperatures. 
Tuesday’s Washington Post high-
lighted all of the longstanding records that were broken in the Northeast and Midwest. 
My State is Oklahoma and that is 
not even included in this article. But we set 146 records—alltime records—in my State of Oklahoma just during that time. 
According to the National Weather 
Service, 67 record lows were broken on Monday and Tuesday of this week. 
Whether news cycles or climate cy-
cles, variations in hot and cold are really nothing new. Recent climate change discussions like to focus on cli-mate trends post-1880, but the reality is that climate change has been occur-ring since the beginning of time. 
The chart behind me is very inter-
esting because it shows two things that everyone agrees with. The first is that we had the medieval warm period. This 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:20 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26FE6.025 S26FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1139 February 26, 2015 
is a period of time starting about 1000 
A.D. and going to about 1400 A.D. This is a major warming period that led into what they call the little ice age, which was about 1500 A.D. to about 1900 A.D. 
The interesting thing is that many of 
us in this room remember that when they first started talking about global warming, a scientist named Michael Mann developed what they call the hockey stick theory, and that had a hockey stick showing that for a long period of time we had temperatures that were level, and then all of a sud-den they started going up like the blade of a hockey stick. 
The problem was they neglected to 
note that the two periods were, in re-ality, in his sketch of a hockey stick. So in his opinion then, as portrayed by the hockey stick, there was no medie-val warm period or little ice age. 
By the way, this Michael Mann is the 
same one who was featured as the main person who was guilty of violations that created this term called the cli-mate change, which was characterized as the most outrageous. I don’t have it in my notes, but one of the publica-tions in England talked about the worst scientific disgrace in national history. 
Time magazine had a chart, and this 
is interesting because people who look at the weather and get concerned about all the warming periods and the cold, to them the world is coming to an end. This one shows that in 1974 another ice age was coming. That is the actual cover of the magazine. So everyone is concerned that the world is coming to an end, and at the same time they were talking about the fact that there is going to be another ice age. 
In the past 2000 years there was the 
medieval warm period followed imme-diately by the little ice age. These two climate events are widely recognized in scientific literature. No one has refuted these. These are incontrovertible. 
In 2006 the National Academy of 
Sciences released its study ‘‘Surface Temperature Reconstructions for the Last 2000 Years,’’ and that acknowl-edged that there were relatively warm conditions during that period of time. 
So that is history, and that is behind 
us. 
While that is still up, I will go on and 
fast forward. That same magazine, Time magazine, had as its cover a short time after that this poor, typical, polar bear that is standing on the last piece of ice—and we are all going to die because global warming is coming. 
This is something that has been hap-
pening over long periods of time. Every time it does, everyone tries to say that the world is coming to an end and that somehow man is so important and so powerful that he can change that. 
In 1975 Newsweek published an arti-
cle titled ‘‘The Cooling World,’’ which argued that global temperatures were falling and terrible consequences for food production were on the horizon— and all of that. Well, we know about that. This highlights that the climate is 
changing, and it always has been changing. 
In fact, our recent vote during the 
Keystone XL Pipeline debate showed that 97 of us in this Chamber—Demo-crats and Republicans—agreed that cli-mate has always been changing. I made a little talk on the floor at that time and I said: You know, I think this is something on which we can all agree. If we look at archaeological diggings, his-tory, the Scriptures, climate has al-ways been in changing. 
Despite a long list of unsubstantiated 
global warming claims, climate activ-ists and environmental groups will cling to any extreme weather-related headline to their case for global warm-ing and to instill the fear of global warming in the American people. Peo-ple sometimes ask me why. Why do you suppose they are doing this, spending all this time? 
They tried it through legislation. We 
defeated it. Now it is through regula-tions that would cost between $300 bil-lion and $400 billion a year. Yet it wouldn’t have any effect on what they perceive to be global warming. So that is the question. Why is it? 
There is a scientist by the name of 
Richard Lindzen. Richard Lindzen is with MIT. Some of us have argued he is the most knowledgeable of all the cli-mate scientists. He answered that question. He said: You know, regu-lating carbon is like regulating life. If you regulate carbon, it is a bureau-crat’s dream, because regulating car-bon regulates life. So it is a power struggle. 
I think that is probably the best an-
swer. I am not a scientist. I don’t claim to be. But I quote scientists, and they have the answers to these questions. 
TERRORISM  
Now, President Obama is using a 
similar tactic in order to scare Ameri-cans into supporting his extreme cli-mate change agenda. In a recent inter-view, President Obama agreed that the media overstates the dangers of ter-rorism while downplaying the risks of climate change. His Press Secretary, Josh Earnest, later reiterated that President Obama believes climate change affects far more Americans than terrorists. 
Now, that is the first time we heard 
that. But wait until we hear later what the President himself and his Sec-retary of State said. According to the President, the biggest challenge we face is not the spread of Islamic ex-tremist terrorism in Syria, Iraq, Egypt, Algeria, Libya, Tunisia, Af-ghanistan, Pakistan, Somalia, Yemen or Nigeria. The greatest threat that we face is not Russian aggression in NATO and the United States, as well as its in-vasion of Georgia and Ukraine. It is not the expansion of Iranian influence and sponsorship of terrorism through-out the Middle East or its pursuit of a nuclear weapons system to deliver it and to be able to hit the United States of America. The greatest threat is not North Korea’s continued development 
of its nuclear weapons stockpile and the improving of their delivery systems to include the January 23 launch of a sea-launched ballistic missile that was called the KN–11. I think we are all aware of that. And the greatest threat is not the continued capture and kill-ing of reporters, missionaries, business-men, Christians, and other non-Mus-lims in what has clearly been a reli-gious confrontation being pursued. The President’s position is that global warming is our greatest threat—great-er than all the things I just mentioned. It is underscored by the fact that he won’t even publicly state that the 21 Egyptians executed by ISIL in Libya were Christians. He won’t recognize that, and he won’t recognize that it has anything to do with radical Islam. 
He goes out of his way to downplay 
the actions and dangers of ISIS even though the group continues to ter-rorize the world. Just this past week-end, ISIS abducted over 70 Syrian Christians, including women and chil-dren from villages in eastern Syria. To my knowledge, we don’t know what they have done with them yet. But there are 70 of them, and the previous 21 were killed because of their Christi-anity. 
According to the President, our big-
gest threat is not the continued threats made by extremists against the United States and its citizens. It is not the successful attacks carried out in the United States and other places such as New York, Boston, Fort Hood or potential attacks of lone wolves or 
sleeper cells against soft targets such as the Mall of America, which is the most recent subject of an ISIL threat. Even as these atrocities are taking place, President Obama is telling the world that climate change is a greater threat to our Nation than terrorists. This is just another illustration that this President and his administration are detached from the realities that we are facing today and into the future. 
His repeated failure to understand 
the real threat to our national security and his inability to develop a coherent national security strategy has put this Nation at a level of risk that has been unknown for decades. 
His failure of leadership and his gut-
ting of our military have weakened our ability to influence and respond to cri-ses. This all comes at a tremendous cost to our national security. 
The President has accused the media 
of overstating the problem, height-ening the fears of the population. As he downplays the threats, we see photos of young children standing in military- like formation, being brainwashed into ISIS or ISIL extremism. We shouldn’t be surprised. It is a natural outgrowth of the President’s failed leadership. 
In 2012 and 2013 President Obama 
spoke of helping Libya and Yemen fight terrorism. Yet as he addressed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:20 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26FE6.031 S26FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1140 February 26, 2015 
this Nation, both countries spiraled to-
ward chaos, creating terrorist safe ha-vens. Just days after his speech, Yem-en’s Prime Minister and his Cabinet re-signed amidst a coup by the Iranian- backed Houthi rebels. 
The administration aided instability 
in Afghanistan by releasing the most senior leaders of the Taliban, the Taliban dream team. We all remember that. 
We had just passed a law saying that 
the President cannot release anyone from Gitmo—from Guantanamo Bay— without giving 30 days’ notice to Con-gress. Yet he totally ignored that and let these people go. Some of the terror-ists out of Gitmo—I carry this card with me because it is really not believ-able. Of the five that he turned loose, one was named Mohammed Fazil, and the Taliban commander said that Mo-hammed Fazil’s release ‘‘is like pour-ing 10,000 Taliban fighters into the bat-tle on the side of jihad. Now the Taliban have the right lion to lead them in the final moment before vic-tory against Afghanistan.’’ 
Now, I don’t know where these are. I 
suggest that all five have returned to the battle. The record is that of those who have been released, some 29 per-cent have gone back to the battle. 
So that is taking place. Mullah 
Omar, the Taliban’s leader, called the release a great victory. 
This action allowed these men to re-
join the fight against our service men and women. This is a big deal. 
The President quickly withdrew from 
Iraq, leaving a vacuum for ISIS to fill, which is now requiring our military to return. The President wants to repeat our errors with a speedy withdrawal from Afghanistan, and that is despite the advice of his commanders on the ground and the request by Afghani-stan’s newest President, Ashraf Ghani, to reexamine our withdrawal plan. 
He has de-Reaganized Europe by 
drastically cutting our forces, acqui-escing to Russian influences by cutting our ballistic missile defense site in Po-land and our radar in the Czech Repub-lic. I remember when that happened. I was so concerned about that because we put the radar site and the ballistic missile defense site in Poland and the Czech Republic because—that was for the protection of Western Europe and Eastern United States because we don’t have the capacity to offer protection the American people should expect. But the President did that anyway. He failed to provide assistance—apart from the MREs and blankets. Instead of sending weapons to the Ukrainians, he sends blankets. 
We had Poroshenko, the President of 
Ukraine, come in and give a speech to a joint session of Congress. In that speech he said we need to have some defense against what Putin and the Russians are doing with the separatists in his country of Ukraine. 
I happened to be over there. I was 
over there during the parliamentary elections. Not many people in America realize that in the Ukraine—our very 
good friends in Ukraine had their par-liamentary elections in October, and President Poroshenko looked me in the eyes and said very proudly how good the outcome was. This was the first time in 96 years that the Ukraine had parliamentary elections and didn’t elect one Communist to a seat in the Parliament. That was the first time that had ever happened. Yet the Presi-dent said in his State of the Union message: 
We’re upholding the principle that bigger 
nations can’t bully the small—by opposing Russian aggression, supporting Ukraine’s de-mocracy, and reassuring our NATO allies. 
That is what he said, standing in the 
House Chamber, in his State of the Union speech. Yet, under the Presi-dent’s failed leadership, we have seen two ceasefire failures in the Ukraine, thousands of civilians displaced, and approximately 5,000 people killed. 
America’s assistance is vital to deny-
ing Putin’s attempts to destabilize the region. Yet it is not happening. It is not happening under the Obama admin-istration. This administration is over-whelmed by world events and blind to the fact that terrorists are at war with America and our way of life. We now live in a world where our allies don’t trust us and our enemies don’t fear us. When will the President and his admin-istration take the steps required to minimize the risk to Americans and our allies by providing this country with a national security strategy—one that addresses today’s global security environment, grows back our military and its readiness, and deals with our enemies from a position of strength, not weakness and not appeasement? 
These are the biggest threats facing 
our Nation today. It is decidedly not global warming. The threat of war, ter-rorism, and extremism has plagued the Earth for centuries. The United States is not immune. We must take all threats seriously and take every re-sponsible action to secure our freedom. Threats to our national security are al-ways the most serious threats we face. Issues such as global warming or global cooling 40 years ago are simply not what we need to be worrying about in the same breath when we are talking about national defense. 
I say this because I have a deep con-
cern. I was the ranking member on the Senate Armed Services Committee, and I am in a position to see what is happening around the world. The 
threats we are facing are unprece-dented. 
Just yesterday we had a hearing, and 
we had James Clapper, the Director of National Intelligence. This is one of the things he has been quoted as say-ing: 
Looking back over my now more than half 
a century in intelligence, I’ve not experi-enced a time when we’ve been beset by more crises and threats around the globe. 
In the hearing we held yesterday, the 
Director said: 
When the final accounting is done, 2014 will 
have been the most lethal year for global terrorism in the 45 years such data has been 
compiled. 
So this goes on and on. This is what 
the military says. This is the threat we face. Everyone understands it except the White House. 
On February 25, just yesterday, Sec-
retary of State Kerry said—and keep in mind he said this with all these threats we are facing: 
Today is actually, despite ISIL, despite the 
visible killings that you see and how horrific they are, we are actually living in a period of less daily threat to Americans and to people in the world than normally—less deaths, less violent deaths today than through the last century. 
We all know better than that. We 
know how threatened we are. Everyone knows it except the White House, and they are going to have to wake up to save our Nation. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
I
NHOFE ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that I be allowed to speak for 3 minutes notwithstanding the previous order. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
TRIBUTE TO LOUIS STOKES  
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, at a 
quarter after, I am leading a group of seven or eight Senators to talk about the trade promotion authority and the transpacific partnership, but I would like to take this opportunity while the floor is empty—and I thank my Repub-lican colleagues—to talk about Ohio civil rights pioneer Congressman Louis Stokes. I have known him for 35 years. We celebrated his 90th birthday on Monday, and I had the opportunity to speak to him. 
Lou Stokes is a proud son of Cleve-
land, the city in which I live. He was born in that city nine decades ago and grew up in one of the first Federal housing projects in the country. 
Lou rose to prominence as a lawyer 
and a legislator. His father worked in a laundromat and his mother cleaned houses. Lou himself shined shoes to earn extra money. He served in the Army during World War II and went to college at night on the GI bill. He is the American success story. 
Lou was stationed in the Deep South 
during segregation. He was appalled by the discrimination he witnessed, even for those wearing the uniform and serv-ing our country. That experience com-pelled him to dedicate his life to fight-ing injustice. 
He handled matters big and small in 
his legal practice. He argued the land-mark case of Terry v. Ohio before the U.S. Supreme Court. The Court’s ruling 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:20 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26FE6.032 S26FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1141 February 26, 2015 
in Terry addressed the police stop-and- 
frisk policy and defined what con-stitutes a reasonable search and sei-zure. 
As the first African American to rep-
resent Ohio in the U.S. Congress and the first African American to serve on the Committee on Appropriations, his mere presence was groundbreaking. But Lou never rested on his laurels. While serving as a Congressman for 15 terms, he was a fierce advocate for the city he loves and for civil rights. Lou didn’t use his success to seek glory for himself; he used his powerful position to expand opportunities for men and women, for people of all colors, and young people and old people. 
After retiring from Congress, he 
didn’t retire; he returned home to Cleveland and played a key role in Cleveland’s civic life. His role at Squire Sanders was instrumental in the firm’s growth. Working alongside his long-time friend and my friend John Lewis— the lawyer John Lewis in Cleveland, not Congressman J
OHNLEWIS in Wash-
ington—he made a difference in so many ways. 
Lou served on the Ohio Task Force 
on Community-Police Relations. He is known always to fight for his neighbor-hood, the projects where he and his brother Carl, who was the first Black mayor of a major American city, grew up. Carl was elected as mayor right be-fore Lou was elected to Congress. It has been their labor of love to work to improve schools and opportunities in Cleveland. 
The Cleveland VA center is named 
after Lou Stokes, as are buildings throughout the Nation. They illustrate his hard work and his dedication. It is fitting that as we celebrate his mile-stone birthday this week, the final week of Black History Month, we renew our commitment to the cause of Lou Stokes’s 90 years. 
Lou means so much to me personally, 
he means so much to Cleveland, and he means so much to our country. I know the Presiding Officer, Senator I
NHOFE , 
got to serve with him in the House, as I did, and it was an honor to do that and a privilege to call Lou Stokes my friend. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
AS-
SIDY). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, 
before we get underway with this col-loquy on trade, I wish to respond brief-ly to what I understand was a presen-tation made by one of the Republican Senators suggesting that the continued existence of snow disproves climate change. First, that is not the only measure. 
We can take a look at sea-level rise, which we can measure from Fort Pu-laski in Georgia up to Alaska where L
ISA MURKOWSKI has acknowledged 
that climate change is causing sea- level rise, eroding her native villages, to the sea-level rise in my hometown State at the naval station. We can look at the pH changes in the ocean which we actually measure. It is not com-plicated. Kids measure the pH in their aquarium all the time. We can measure ocean temperature, which is absolutely clear. It involves something called a thermometer. It really isn’t all that complicated. 
And if we want to understand why 
the existence of snow might actually be consistent with climate change, I urge people to get their personal device here—their iPad, whatever it is they have—and load up the EarthNow! app. The EarthNow! app is run by a group called NASA. NASA is pretty capable. They are driving a rover around on Mars right now. These are folks who know a little bit about what they are talking about. They map the tempera-ture of the planet, and we can see the cold arctic air drawn down to New Eng-land, drawn down to our area, and it is in large part because the ocean is warming offshore that we have this snow. 
So not only does the continued exist-
ence of snow not disprove global warm-ing—if you actually know what is going on and take the least bit of effort to understand it—you would see it is completely consistent with global warming as it is understood by sci-entists such as those from NASA. 
I will have more later, but let’s get 
on with this other business. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio. 
TRADE PROMOTION AUTHORITY AND THE TRANS - 
PACIFIC PARTNERSHIP  
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I know 
there is a UC order for seven or eight Senators. Senators C
ASEY , M ERKLEY , 
WHITEHOUSE , MARKEY , WARREN , BALD-
WIN, and S ANDERS we believe will be 
here for the next 45 minutes under an agreed-to order to talk about our con-cerns with trade promotion authority and the Trans-Pacific Partnership. I will lead off, then Senator C
ASEY will 
speak, and then Senators M ERKLEY and 
WHITEHOUSE . 
We know a number of things. We 
know that American workers are the most competitive and productive in the world. We also know that far too many have been left behind because of wrong-headed trade deals. 
In the 20th century, we built the 
strongest economy in the history of the world by building the strongest middle class in the history of the world. We invested in the health and safety of our workforce, guaranteed workers the right to bargain for fairer pay and reasonable hours. It was a fight to do so and more remains to be done. We expanded opportunity for women and people of color, which soci-
ety had never done, to realize their full potential in the labor force. 
Americans up and down the income 
spectrum reaped the awards. Workers got more productive, wages went up, profits were good, communities were strong. We led the world with a boom-ing economy fueled by a skilled and powered workforce. 
The talent and tenacity of American 
workers has not changed, but our lead-ers’—including in this body—commit-ment to those workers, frankly, and, unfortunately, has. 
Nowhere has that abandonment been 
more clear than the free trade agree-ments we now approve with little over-sight and minimal debate. These bind-ing trade agreements affect all Amer-ican workers. They cut into small busi-ness and industry, and they cut to the heart of the values we hold dear—or say we hold dear—as a sovereign de-mocracy. Too often they are pushed through this body so quickly that the corporations pushing them hope we won’t notice these agreements are loaded with corporate handouts that weaken our Nation’s ability to chart its own course. 
The last thing we need is another 
NAFTA. We know what the North American Free Trade Agreement did to us 20 years ago when it passed. We know the damage it did to workers in Philadelphia. We know the damage it did to small companies in Oregon. We know what it did to communities in Rhode Island. And I know up close what it has done to far too many com-munities—from Troy to Piqua to To-ledo to Dayton—in my State. 
We always talk about American 
exceptionalism. We give lip service to American exceptionalism. Our Nation is exceptional. We see these same peo-ple who always talk about American exceptionalism—and criticize anyone who doesn’t talk about it—pushing trade agreements that undermine American laws and bypass our legal system. For what end? To benefit big companies that can’t get what they want through our democratic system. 
I urge my colleagues and anyone else 
to read the article today written by Senator W
ARREN of Massachusetts 
about something called ‘‘investor-state dispute settlement.’’ This is what I want to talk about for a moment. 
Take the issue of tobacco. Tobacco 
use is the world’s leading cause of pre-ventable death. Tobacco companies have been one of the most successful group of companies of any in American history. More trade deals give Big To-bacco a new tool to peddle its poison. 
How does that work? Big Tobacco 
turns to trade deals as the most fertile avenue for defeating international pub-lic health efforts. Big Tobacco knows it can’t win in this body, even with a con-servative majority that too often does the bidding of Wall Street and large companies. Senator M
ERKLEY and Sen-
ator B LUMENTHAL have helped to lead 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26FE6.034 S26FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1142 February 26, 2015 
this charge to make our tobacco law 
strong. 
So what do tobacco companies do if 
they can’t win in a democratic body here? They use a trade provision called investor-state dispute settlement. In the case of Big Tobacco, it uses ISDS to challenge public health measures around the globe. Let me give an exam-ple. 
Big Tobacco and its supporters are 
suing Australia for its Tobacco Plain Packaging Act 2011. They are chal-lenging under Australian-Hong Kong bilateral investment. They have good lawyers. They know how to do darned near anything to use these laws—that they helped write under trade policy— to benefit them and sell more ciga-rettes and poison our young people in far too many cases. 
The Tobacco Plain Packaging Act in 
Australia—passed by a democratically elected legislative body, signed onto by the executive branch in Australia— simply says that tobacco companies can’t use their market-tested logos; they have to use plain black-and-white packaging. Also on the tobacco packet they put pictures of diseased lungs or pictures of people who have been sick from tobacco, so when people pick that packet up, they get the message. 
Big Tobacco sued Australia under the 
World Trade Organization despite the fact that the Australian courts had al-ready ruled in favor of the country of the public health law. 
Tobacco companies have launched 
similar cases against Uruguay over its proposed graphic warnings on cigarette packages. Think about this: A big to-bacco company is threatening to sue a small, relatively poor country such as 
Uruguay, saying: If you pass a public health law, we are going to sue you in court—not in one of your courts, but in some international court made up of mostly trade lawyers. 
So what does a country the size of 
Uruguay often do? They give up. They say: We can’t afford to defend ourselves in an expensive court proceeding. For-tunately for Uruguay, Michael Bloomberg—one of the richest men in the world—stepped in and helped them fight back. 
Togo—one of the ten poorest coun-
tries in the world, West Africa—simply gave up when Philip Morris sued them. The people of Togo wanted a law to protect their children from the big marketing of tobacco companies. Phil-ip Morris came in, threatened to sue them, and the Government of Togo backed off. What is good about that? It is appalling. It is antidemocratic. It has been left to a comedy show to ex-pose the practice of Big Tobacco. Watch John Oliver talk about this on HBO. 
Trade policy should ensure a level 
playing field for all companies com-peting in a global economy, not serve as a tool for the richest corporation to overturn laws enacted by sovereign governments—particularly not when, in this country, we are facing stag-nating wages, increased middle-class anxiety and insecurity, and rising in-equality at home. So we are going to pass a trade agree-
ment as CEOs’ pay reaches record highs, as average wages stagnate, as profits go up, as unionization goes down, as wages fall as a share of GDP. 
Think about this. Productivity has 
increased in our country 85 percent in the past 30 years. It used to be, as pro-ductivity went like that, wages went like that. But now, productivity goes up 85 percent, wages went up 6 percent. The minimum wage in the United States today has 30-percent less buying power than it had 35 years ago. That is why this trade agreement is a bad idea. We know what has happened to manu-facturing. We lost 5 million manufac-turing jobs between 2000 and 2010. 
Just look at the impact of trade on 
U.S. manufacturing for more than 16 million jobs. It dropped here. We had the auto rescue here, which meant a little bit of an increase, but it in-creases only back to 12 million manu-facturing jobs. 
We know bad trade agreements, bad 
policies on globalization, bad policies on taxes, mean lost jobs—lost manufac-turing jobs. That is the ticket to the middle class. 
Ever since NAFTA in 1993, taking ef-
fect in 1994, we have seen the accelera-tion of that decline in manufacturing jobs. It is bad for our communities, it is bad for our families, it is bad for our workers, it is bad for the States of Pennsylvania and Oregon and Ohio and Rhode Island, and it is bad for our country. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I rise to 
speak about the same topic Senator B
ROWN just spoke to. I appreciate what 
my colleague from Ohio brought to this Senate floor today when talking about trade. I especially commend him for not just his advocacy and his passion for standing up for workers, but for the persuasive case he makes against some of our trade policies—not just now but over time. 
We stand now poised to debate a set 
of issues which we haven’t debated all that much in the 8 years I have been in the Senate—in this case first trade pro-motion authority, and then of course the Trans-Pacific Partnership. 
The people I represent in Pennsyl-
vania know what is at stake here. Each of us, as American people, will have the chance to review the details of these proposals. But based upon past experi-ence with trade agreements in our life-time, and especially in the last 25 years, that past experience causes me grave concerns about what is in store, first and foremost for our workers, which of course means our economy. Time and again Pennsylvania workers and Pennsylvania businesses of all sizes have ended up with the short end of the stick on trade deals. The ques-tion they ask now is, what is in it for them? What is in it for workers? What is in it for companies across Pennsyl-vania and across the country? And, therefore, what is in it for all of us when it comes to our economic bottom line? Take the free trade agreement with 
South Korea just as a recent example. That was passed in 2011. I didn’t sup-port it. But here is what we were told before that. In December of 2010, the administration said the agreement would support 70,000 additional Amer-ican jobs, and it would increase Amer-ican exports by $10 billion to $11 bil-lion. 
During the first 2 years that the 
agreement took effect, exports actu-ally fell by $3.1 billion and imports grew by $5.6 billion, contributing to the loss of thousands of jobs. So that is one agreement, one example. 
Let’s take the impact on a particular 
industry, the steel industry. By any measure, any review of World War II would indicate very clearly that the American steel industry and steel-
workers played a substantial role in our ability to win World War II, to pre-vail in the most difficult of conflicts. What has happened since then? Well, we know that, for example, import surges from South Korea caused real damage to the steel industry in recent years, which has led directly to job losses in places such as Pennsylvania, for example. 
So workers want to know where the 
benefit is that is promised to them. Over and over again we hear these as-sertions: ‘‘If we pass this agreement, this will be the impact on exports and imports’’ and ‘‘If we pass this agree-ment, this will be the net benefit to job creation and therefore to workers.’’ Too often the result is otherwise. 
If you look at the numbers—if you 
look at the agreement, the industry, and then look at the numbers, in the United States we had a $66.5 billion def-icit with free trade agreement partners in 2013. Our trade balance with our largest free trade agreement partners— Canada, Mexico, and Korea—is decid-edly negative, not positive. So how is this time going to be different? 
I am concerned and a lot of Ameri-
cans are concerned that past experi-ence suggests broadly negative impacts on jobs, especially—as Senator B
ROWN  
made reference to by way of the chart and in other ways—especially as it re-lates to manufacturing jobs, the ones on which you can support a family, the jobs that lead to the kind of innovation that allows us to be one step ahead of the world. 
The Economic Policy Institute, for 
example, estimates that 26,300 jobs were lost due to the trade deficit with Mexico between 1994 and 2011 in the aftermath of NAFTA, as Senator B
ROWN referred to, and 122,600 jobs were 
lost to China in the 12 years since China joined the World Trade Organiza-tion. Between these two countries alone, the average impact on Pennsyl-vania was some 148,900 jobs lost in Pennsylvania. So we have lost almost 150,000 jobs in Pennsylvania directly attributable to two factors: the impact 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:17 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26FE6.036 S26FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1143 February 26, 2015 
of China joining the World Trade Orga-
nization and the impact of the trade deficit with Mexico. 
When we look at the big picture, we 
have two possible areas of concern with the so-called TPP—the Trans-Pacific Partnership—and by proxy the trade promotion authority as a part of that. There are labor and human rights con-cerns as well as currency manipula-tion. 
Members of Congress and labor 
groups across the country have ex-pressed concerns about the so-called TPP and the countries we are negoti-ating with, in particular Malaysia, Vietnam, Brunei, and Mexico. Viet-nam, as an example, does not offer the establishment of independent labor unions and has opposed the inclusion of any provision that would change this aspect of domestic law. The State De-partment has noted that basic labor freedoms are often restricted in both Mexico and Malaysia. Brunei has re-cently implemented a harsh form of sharia law that violates basic human rights standards. 
How about currency manipulation? 
American manufacturers feel the pain from undervalued foreign currencies all the time, and they time and again have demanded action from both parties and both Houses of Congress. Currency ma-nipulation concerns are urgent not just because of Japan’s policies and the po-tential future inclusion of China in TPP down the road but also because virtually every negotiating partner has a currency that is undervalued relative to the U.S. dollar—every partner in the proposed TPP. 
As of January of this year, according 
to the Economist, 10 of the 11 negoti-ating partners of the United States had undervalued currency. Seven of those countries, including Japan, had cur-rencies that were at least 25 percent undervalued relative to the U.S. dollar. 
For far too long this administration 
has allowed foreign countries to stack the deck against U.S. workers when it comes to currency policies by manipu-lating their currencies. We have a chance in the TPP negotiations to do something about this. All of us believe our workers could out-compete any workers in the world if they were given the chance, if they were given basic fairness and a level playing field. 
Pennsylvanians want Congress and 
the administration to focus on policies that lead to both good jobs and good wages. So let’s give our workers the kind of support we gave past genera-tions. Give our workers a level playing field so that they can out-compete and therefore out-produce any workers in the world. I am afraid these agree-ments are not a step in that direction. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oregon. 
Mr. MERKLEY. Thank you, Mr. 
President. 
I appreciate the points that have 
been made by my colleagues from Ohio and Pennsylvania and the remarks yet to be made by my colleague from 
Rhode Island. 
We are here on the floor together to 
raise fundamental issues that should be part of the discussion about a proposed trade deal or a fast track to a trade deal. 
I love the concept of trade, the idea 
that our particular economy, based on our natural resources and based on our skills, can do certain things very well, and we would like to be able to sell those products to the world. Other na-tions do other things very well, and we can benefit from their expertise and their products. That is a win-win on a level playing field between nations that have roughly the same structure of environmental laws, roughly the same structure of labor laws, and roughly the same level of wages. That is a win-win for nations involved in agreements. 
Indeed, our trade agreements after 
World War II were very much along those lines as we expanded to the economies of Europe. We saw substan-tial prosperity that affected people throughout our economy. 
My parents couldn’t believe the dif-
ference between their experience as children and their experience during the 1950s and 1960s as they started to raise children in terms of going from extraordinarily humble means—lack of electricity, running water, insulation, and all the things that became a part of the basic housing structure in post- World War II when they were raising their children. That prosperity came from a nation producing things and sharing the wealth throughout its economy. My father was a working man, a blue-collar mechanic. He brought those mechanical skills to the mill and became a millwright. He loved that job keeping the machinery in the mill running and loved other jobs. He was able to live the American dream. 
Our recent trade deals have created 
something quite different. They have been based on an unequal relationship. They have been based on a relationship between our Nation with strong envi-ronmental and labor laws and good wages and high enforcement and coun-tries with the exact opposite—such as China, for example. Indeed, the result in the period since NAFTA—and my colleagues spoke to it, but let me re-emphasize it—there has been a loss of 50,000 factories, a loss of 5 million man-ufacturing jobs. That is logical. If you are a manufacturing company making products, you will move that manufac-turing to the places where it is cheap-est to make them. 
This is how the vision works out. 
There is a conversation about reducing barriers, and companies say: Look at all the additional products we can sell to that emerging economy in China. We can make a lot more in the United States and sell to China. 
That is stage one. Stage two: Hey, now we can move our 
manufacturing overseas and produce things at a much lower price and not only sell them to the foreign nation 
but also sell them back to the cus-tomers in the United States. 
That is exactly what we have seen, 
and that is why we have lost these 5 million jobs. 
So the initial publicity campaign is 
all about creating jobs through in-creasing American manufacturing, but the reality in an unequal relationship is the opposite. 
Let’s make sure we create a standard 
for the consideration of future trade deals, a standard that will evaluate whether this deal will create good-pay-ing jobs here in America, will expand prosperity to the middle class in Amer-ica or will do the opposite. This is the standard we should apply. I would like to evaluate the provisions of the pro-posed deal in that light, but I can’t be-cause the negotiations are secret. The draft text is secret. We need to demand that there not be secrecy about some-thing as important as creating jobs or destroying jobs in America—my stand-ard for evaluating what is to come. 
Let’s talk for a minute about these 
eroding promises of enforcement. A couple of years ago a group of 10 U.S. Senators took a trip to China to meet with the Ambassador. We asked how the Ambassador felt about enforcement against China and their currency ma-nipulation. He basically said: Here is the deal. We have broad strategic con-cerns that involve China, and we don’t want to put ripples in the water. 
So can you really have a level play-
ing field in a situation where you are not willing to enforce even the provi-sions that are on the books? Can you really have a fair deal for America? 
During the conversations a couple 
years ago, I proposed legislation that would require China to actually honor what it was responsible for doing under the WTO. Under the WTO, it was to no-tify Americans about all the subsidies it provided for items of export, deduc-tions and credits. But China had not honored that responsibility. So I pro-posed that we exercise another part of WTO, which was counter-notifications by our Trade Representative. Within 2 weeks of putting this idea forward, guess what. Our Trade Representative put forward a list of 200 subsidies through the counter-notification proc-ess. 
Looking at those notifications care-
fully revealed a vast strategy in renew-able energy to subsidize exports—not allowed under the WTO; to subsidize paper—not allowed to subsidize exports of paper under the WTO. The result is that paper plants are going out of busi-ness in the United States of America. The Blue Heron plant most recently has gone out of business on the Willam-ette River at a place where paper has been made for a very long period of time. In fact, the energy from the water wheel that was first there pro-vided some of the first electricity in America. Longtime industrial produc-tion, but those jobs are gone. So that is a real concern. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26FE6.038 S26FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1144 February 26, 2015 
My colleague mentioned the inter-
state dispute settlement and the fact that it gives a foreign investor rights that a domestic investor does not have. It puts constraints on consumer pro-tections that can be overrun—con-sumer protections done by a State can be overrun by an investor from a for-eign nation. 
For example, you have a bill in 
America to stop producing toxic flame retardants and putting them into our carpet. Well, the foreign investor says: We built a plant to produce that chem-ical. Sorry, you can’t have that con-sumer protection even though the re-sult would be a lot more cancer for American citizens. That is an example of the concerns about handing over the sovereignty of our Nation, of our con-sumer law, our environmental law, to an independent board that operates outside of our constitutional frame-work. That is a legitimate concern which needs to be addressed in this conversation. 
So on issues of enforcement and 
issues of secrecy, issues of whether we are creating jobs or destroying jobs, I encourage Americans to become as fa-miliar as possible with the provisions that have been leaked about the Trans- Pacific Partnership and to think care-fully and give concerns to us here in Congress that we will work to address. When we have the legitimate text be-fore us, then we can engage in a more detailed debate. But right now we need to push to end this secrecy on an issue that is so important to the future pros-perity of our Nation and of our fami-lies. 
Thank you, Mr. President. It is my 
pleasure to yield the floor in anticipa-tion of remarks from my colleague. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. I thank the dis-
tinguished Senator from Oregon. 
I wish to start by sharing the experi-
ence I had when I first started running for the Senate and asking people around Rhode Island to give me the chance to represent them here. 
One unforgettable day was when I 
was walking along a factory floor and, as I was walking along, I looked down and I noticed there were holes in the concrete pad of the factory floor, and I asked: Why are the holes there? 
They explained: Oh, well, we used to 
have manufacturing machinery here. Those are the bolt holes, and we un-bolted the machinery and shipped it overseas to a Central American coun-try where the same product is made for the same buyers on the same machine, but it is made by foreign workers. 
That is the memory I have when I 
think about these trade agreements, and it is not just that one machine that went overseas. Rhode Island, not a big State, has lost more than 50,000 good-paying manufacturing jobs since 1990. Our State has been on the losing end of these trade deals. 
People say they are going to enforce 
the environmental and human rights and labor and safety requirements of 
these agreements. I have not seen it. I am at the stage where I don’t believe it. You will have to prove it to me. You will have to establish a record of en-forcing these things before I will be-lieve it. I have been told that for too long. I don’t believe the enforcement any longer. 
I have to say I don’t like the process 
very much either. It is secret. We are kept out of it. Who is in it are a lot of big corporations, and they are up to, I think, no good in a lot of these deals. Look at these private deals in private forums where they can litigate against a government. They secure that right through these treaty agreements. It is outrageous. 
First of all, a lot of it is done for the 
sake of pollution. It is the big folks, such as Chevron, ExxonMobil, Dow Chemical, and Cargill, that brought nearly 600 disputes, pursuing billions of dollars in damages against govern-ments. 
A former member of the WTO’s appel-
late body said in 2005 the WTO agree-ments ‘‘allow Member Nations to chal-lenge almost any measure to reduce greenhouse gas emissions enacted by any other Member.’’ So the war on the environment continues through this mechanism. 
In March 2013, more than one-third of 
the disputes pending before the World Bank’s investment dispute settlement tribunal were related to oil, mining, or gas. Guess what they want. The public health around the world is suffering be-cause of this. 
In Africa, the tobacco industry has 
brought these types of claims against the Governments of Gabon, Namibia, Togo, and Uganda. They probably add up to about $100 billion in total GDP— all 4 countries—which is probably about a quarter of the revenues of Big Tobacco worldwide. So this is a ques-tion of pure, raw economic power by massive corporate interests being used to make governments knuckle under on public health issues such as tobacco. That is just wrong. And it can displace the regular governing systems of courts. 
Chevron was asked to clean up con-
tamination it left behind. It lost in the courts in Ecuador, it lost in the courts in America, and so it went and got a third bite at the apple in front of three private lawyers in one of these forums. 
Where do you think the motivation is 
of private lawyers? Who are their cli-ents going to be next? Another govern-ment? I don’t think so. It will be the big corporate companies. 
After many States in the United 
States created a ban on something called MMT, a gasoline additive, as a probable carcinogen, U.S. Ethyl Cor-poration filed a NAFTA investor-state case against Canada which then re-versed its national ban on the poten-tially carcinogenic chemical. 
They pick on themselves as well. 
Under NAFTA provisions, a Canadian company sued the Quebec government over a decision to put a moratorium on 
fracking. I guess Quebec can’t make a decision about fracking any longer be-cause some company can sue it under these agreements which involve private lawyers and were cooked up in the dark in these trade agreements. It is prepos-terous. 
Mr. BROWN. Think about what Sen-
ator W
HITEHOUSE just said. A U.S. com-
pany that made an additive to gasoline filed suit against a public health law that the Canadian legislative body passed because they believed in clean air, and under NAFTA that company in the United States sued the Canadians. The Canadian taxpayers had to pay the company and repeal their public health law. 
I thought this was a democracy. 
Think about that multiplied by how many times—about what Senator W
AR-
REN talked about her in piece in the 
Washington Post today. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. How long is it 
until they sue the State of Louisiana or the State of Rhode Island or the State of Massachussetts or the State of Ohio? It is up for grabs. This is just a private remedy. 
Since I am on Senator W
ARREN ’s sub-
ject, and since her piece in the Wash-ington Post is something we have all read today, I yield to the Senator from Massachusetts. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. 
Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, the 
United States is in the final stages of negotiating the Trans-Pacific Partner-ship, a massive free-trade agreement with Mexico, Canada, Japan, Singa-pore, and seven other countries. 
I come to the floor today to ask a 
fundamental question: Who will benefit from the TPP? American workers, con-sumers, small businesses, taxpayers, or the biggest national corporations in the world? 
One strong hint is buried down in the 
fine print of the closely guarded draft. The provision, an increasingly common feature of international trade agree-ments, is called investor-state dispute settlement, or ISDS. The name may sound mild, but this provision fun-damentally tilts the playing field fur-ther in favor of big multinational cor-porations. Worse yet, it undermines 
U.S. sovereignty. 
ISDS allows foreign companies to 
challenge American laws and poten-tially pick up huge payouts from tax-payers without ever stepping foot in an American court. 
Here is how it works. Imagine that 
the United States bans a toxic chem-ical that is often added to gasoline. We ban it because we believe it is dan-gerous for people’s health or harmful to the environment. If a foreign com-pany that makes this toxic chemical wants to sell it in the United States, it would normally have to challenge that in a U.S. court. But with ISDS, the company could skip the U.S. court and go before an international panel of ar-bitrators. If the company wins, the rul-ing cannot be challenged in U.S. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26FE6.039 S26FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1145 February 26, 2015 
courts, and the arbitration panel could 
require the American taxpayers to cough up millions, even billions, of dol-lars in damages. 
ISDS has the power to impose gigan-
tic fines, but it doesn’t have inde-pendent judges. Instead, highly paid corporate lawyers go back and forth between representing corporations one day and sitting in judgment of corpora-tions the next day. 
Now I don’t know, maybe that makes 
sense in an arbitration between two corporations, but not in cases between corporations and governments. We should have real doubts about how likely it is that a lawyer looking to at-tract high-paying corporate clients will rule against those corporations when it is his or her turn to sit in the judge’s seat. 
It is also a real problem that only 
international investors—only inter-national investors—get to use these courts, investors that are, by and large, large corporations. 
If a Vietnamese company with Amer-
ican operations wants to challenge an increase in the U.S. minimum wage, it can use ISDS, but if an American labor union believes the Vietnamese compa-nies are paying slave labor wages in violation of trade commitments, the union has to try to wind itself through the Vietnamese courts. Good luck with that. 
These rigged pseudocourts were cre-
ated after World War II because inves-tors worried about putting money into developing countries where the legal systems were not as dependable. They were concerned that a corporation might build a plant today only to watch a dictator confiscate it tomor-row. ISDS was born to encourage for-eign investment in countries with weak legal systems. 
Now, look, I don’t know if these jus-
tifications made sense back then, but they sure don’t make sense now. Coun-tries in the TPP are hardly emerging economies with weak legal systems. Australia and Japan have well-devel-oped and well-respected legal systems, and multinational corporations navi-gate those legal systems every single day, but ISDS would preempt their courts too. And to the extent there are countries that are riskier politically, market competition can solve that problem. 
Countries that respect property 
rights and the rule of law, such as the United States, should be more competi-tive. If a company wants to invest in a country with a weak legal system, then it should buy political risk insurance, which is available. 
The use of ISDS is on the rise. From 
1959 to 2002, there were fewer than 100 ISDS claims worldwide, but by 2012 alone, there were 58 cases. That was in 1 year. 
Here are some examples of recent 
cases under various treaties with ISDS provisions: 
A French company sued Egypt be-
cause Egypt raised its minimum wage. A Swedish company sued Germany 
because Germany decided to phase out nuclear power after the Fukushima dis-aster. 
A Dutch company sued the Czech Re-
public because the Czech Republic didn’t bail out a bank the Dutch com-pany partially owned. 
American corporations are getting in 
on the action too. Philip Morris is try-ing to use ISDS to stop Uruguay from implementing new tobacco regulations aimed at cutting domestic smoking rates. 
ISDS advocates point out that so far 
this process has not hurt the United States. Our negotiators, who refuse to make the text of this trade agreement public, claim it will include a bigger, better version of ISDS that will protect our ability to regulate in the public in-terest. 
But with ISDS cases exploding in the 
last several years and more and more multinational corporations headquar-tered abroad, it is only a matter of time before such a challenge does seri-ous damage here. Letting a panel of ar-bitrators replace the U.S. legal system with a complex and unnecessary alter-native on the assumption that nothing could possibly go wrong seems like a really bad idea. 
This is not a partisan issue. I don’t 
often agree with the conservative Cato Institute, and I suspect they don’t often agree with me, but this morning the head of Cato’s trade policy program said that ISDS ‘‘raises serious ques-tions about democratic accountability, sovereignty, checks and balances, and the separation of power.’’ He went on to say that these concerns about ISDS are ‘‘one[s] that libertarians and other free market advocates should share.’’ I think that is right. 
Conservatives who believe in Amer-
ican sovereignty are outraged that ISDS shifts power from American courts as envisioned by our Constitu-tion to unaccountable international tribunals. Libertarians are offended that ISDS effectively offers a free tax-payer subsidy to countries with weaker legal systems, and progressives should oppose ISDS because it allows big mul-tinationals to weaken labor and envi-ronmental rules. 
Giving foreign corporations special 
rights to challenge our laws outside of our legal system is a bad deal. So long as TPP includes investor-state dispute settlement, the only winners will be international corporations. 
I thank the Presiding Officer. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. 
Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, I thank 
Senator B
ROWN for putting this group 
together to discuss the important trade issues facing our Nation. 
In Massachusetts, we know what a 
good trade deal looks like and what a bad trade deal looks like. Remember, we are the ones that traded Babe Ruth, so we know a bad trade deal when we see one. Right now in Massachusetts, we are seeing the United States nego-
tiate two significant agreements—the Trans-Pacific Partnership in Asia and the Transatlantic Trade and Invest-ment Partnership in Europe. 
Both of these agreements would es-
tablish binding rules on a wide range of issues, such as labor rights, energy, the environment, medicine pricing, pat-ents, Internet freedom, and innovation. The scope goes far beyond the previous trade deals that focused on tariffs or access to markets. 
These trade deals need to meet sev-
eral criteria in order to be acceptable: 
No. 1, workers rights. It is critically 
important that both trade deals pro-tect workers rights. When we put goods on a ship, we can’t do it by casting off workers rights. These deals need to benefit the middle class in our country and protect the rights of workers of our trading partners. They must also have robust and fully enforceable labor provisions that ensure compliance with international core labor standards. 
No. 2, protect our environment. If 
companies want to make more green, great, but they have to be green, too, and follow the environmental laws to protect our resources and our planet. Both trade deals must include new and robust commitments from member countries to protect and conserve for-ests, oceans, wildlife, and obligate member companies to comply with both domestic environmental laws and meet their commitments under multi-lateral environmental agreements. These commitments must be strong and binding and enforceable. 
No. 3, don’t export our oil. Long-
standing U.S. law prohibits the export of crude oil except in instances in which the President determines that exports are consistent with the na-tional interests. There should not be any language in the Trans-Pacific Partnership agreement requiring the United States to automatically ap-prove exports of oil without such a de-termination. We shouldn’t be sending oil abroad even as we send young men and women in the military to dan-gerous regions of the world to protect oil shipments coming into our country. We still import 5 million barrels of oil a day. We are the largest importer in the world. We should not be exporting oil. 
No. 4, no fishy stuff. The Trans-Pa-
cific Partnership should eliminate harmful fishery subsidies. It should maintain the ability of governments to support conservation of ocean re-sources, promote sustainable develop-ment and viable fishing industries and the coastal communities that depend on them, and the Trans-Pacific Part-nership should include strong measures that address illegal fishing. 
No. 5, don’t try to sneak through bad 
sneaker deals. It is my understanding that the current Trans-Pacific Partner-ship agreement includes a provision that eliminates all trade barriers for sneakers and shoes. This provision would endanger more than 1,350 critical 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26FE6.040 S26FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1146 February 26, 2015 
manufacturing jobs at the New Balance 
facilities in Massachusetts and Maine. New Balance has decided to keep its manufacturing in the United States, despite economic pressures and addi-tional costs. As the last remaining U.S. manufacturer of running shoes, New Balance already has smaller profit margins on the U.S.-made shoes than most of its competitors have on their imported shoes. They should be con-gratulated for making a commitment to American workers, but if the TPP agreement is passed by the Congress in its current form, we will not be making that same commitment and that is be-cause New Balance will be forced to immediately compete with Vietnam 
running shoe companies which have a dramatic advantage with low hourly wages and subsidized businesses. Those 1,350 jobs might be lost. That is wrong, and we must do better for our manufac-turers. 
No. 6, don’t go around the U.S. 
courts. Both the Trans-Pacific Partner-ship and Transatlantic Trade and In-vestment Partnership have provisions to allow other countries to take legal action if they do not like the decisions made by our government and do it out-side of our own courts. These separate panels could subject American tax-payers to billions in taxes, and when they have a problem with decisions in other countries, we will have to argue in an independent court or even in their home country courts. This double standard is wrong and it should not be included. We need trade deals that don’t ship workers’ rights overseas along with their jobs. We need trade deals that don’t cloud our skies with more pollution or plunder our seas with illegal fishing. We need trade deals that keep our oil and manufac-turing jobs here at home. We need trade deals that don’t outsource justice or jobs overseas. 
That is why we need to make sure, 
just as when Babe Ruth was traded, that we don’t put a curse on our own economy by passing trade bills that do not protect the American worker. 
Finally, I understand my good friend 
from Oklahoma Senator I
NHOFE came 
to the floor to argue that the existence of winter disproves global warming. I know some in my home State of Massa-chusetts might be thinking the same thought right now, because after the first snowstorm people look for a good place to sled. After the second snow-storm, people look for a place to pile the snow. After the third and fourth snowstorms, people stop looking for things to do and just start asking, Why? Why so much snow? Why such in-tense storms? Why won’t it stop? 
What if I told my colleagues that it 
was all part of climate change; that the winters we have known have now been supercharged by warmer waters and stronger storms; that the carbon pollu-tion that is making our summers hot-ter is also making our winters more unpredictable. 
Here are three facts I want my col-
leagues to know. No. 1, the waters off Massachusetts— 
and indeed up and down the Atlantic coast—have been at record warm lev-els; in one case, off Cape Cod, 21 de-grees warmer than normal. Warmer water gives storms more moisture. That moisture has to drop at some point, and when it does, it means more snow. That is what is going on. 
No. 2, cold air is part of winter. We 
are New England, after all. But new re-search is suggesting that the melting of the Arctic icecap is causing more of those polar vortex situations that send frigid air rushing down to Canada and then down to us. That is global warm-ing. 
No. 3, more intense precipitation 
events have increased by 71 percent in New England since 1958—71 percent more intense precipitation. Super-charged storms from climate change are a little like Rob Gronkowski. They are bigger, they are stronger, and whether they spike the ball or drop their snow, it is going to come down harder—a lot harder. 
Across the globe temperatures are 
going up. It is called global warming. This last year was the warmest on record across the globe. A few weeks of cold in one place does not mean global warming isn’t happening. That is the difference between weather and cli-mate. Global warming does not cancel the seasons. We will still have winter. Sometimes it will be still very cold, but overall it is going to be warmer—a lot warmer. When warmer water makes more moisture and it goes into the clouds, it has to come down, and when it does and it is cold, it should be no surprise that we will get more snow. If there is one issue we can all agree on regarding the climate, it is that every person in Massachusetts would rather be in Florida at Red Sox spring train-ing camp right now because this snow is still coming down. But it is not just weather, it is climate change as well. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont. 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, let me 
congratulate and applaud Senator B
ROWN of Ohio for organizing this col-
loquy on trade. In my view, if we look at why the middle class of this country has been in decline for the last 40 years, why millions of Americans are working longer hours with lower wages, why we have seen a huge shift in the economy from a manufacturing economy where people earn good wages to a Walmart economy where people are working for very low wages and minimal benefits, one—not the only one, but one of the significant factors has been our disastrous trade policies for a number of decades. 
If people are watching this discus-
sion, there may be some people who will say, Trans-Pacific Partnership, what is that? What is that trade agree-ment? What are they talking about? One of the reasons they may ask that question is that a study came out re-cently which looked at how the major networks are covering the TPP—the 
Trans-Pacific Partnership. It turns out the major television networks are not covering the TPP. Incredible as it may sound, this trade agreement—the larg-est trade agreement in the history of the United States of America—has re-ceived virtually no coverage—no cov-erage—on the major networks. That, to me, is very amazing. 
I think it was Albert Einstein who 
made the point that doing the same 
thing over and over again and expect-ing different results is sometimes called insanity. If we think a new trade agreement, based on the same prin-ciples of the old trade agreements, is going to bring different results, I think we are very wrong. 
I remember, because I have been in 
Congress for many of the major debates on trade, that way back when we had a discussion about unfettered free trade with China and the argument was, well, look at the huge market in China, look at all the jobs we will create in America selling to China. In fact, we were told that permanent normal trade relations with China would create hun-dreds of thousands of American jobs. Well, not quite. It turns out, as every-body who goes into a department store knows, most of the products we buy are made in China, and it turns out the permanent normal trade relations trade agreement with China has led to the loss of more than 3 million good- paying American jobs. The reason for that is obvious. Why is a major cor-poration going to pay an American worker $15, $20 an hour, provide decent benefits, and obey environmental laws when that corporation can shut down here, go to China, pay people very low wages, and bring their products back to America? That is why, when we go shopping, most of what we buy is made in China. 
We were told that the North Amer-
ican Free Trade Agreement—NAFTA— would create at least 200,000 American jobs in just a few years. Well, not quite. It turns out that NAFTA has led to the loss of about 1 million American jobs. 
We were told that the Korean Free 
Trade Agreement would increase Amer-ican jobs. Well, it turns out that it has led to the loss of over 60,000 American jobs. 
Since we signed NAFTA, the United 
States has a cumulative trade deficit of $8.8 trillion—$8.8 trillion. That is wealth that has left the United States and gone overseas. 
While the full text of the Trans-Pa-
cific Partnership has not been made public, there have been some leaks of what is included in it, and what these leaks tell us is in fact very disturbing. I think it is obvious to anyone who has taken a look at this issue that the TPP is just a new, easy way for corporations to shut down in America and to send jobs abroad. It is estimated the United States would lose more than 130,000 jobs to Vietnam and Japan alone if the Trans-Pacific Partnership goes into ef-fect. The reason for that is, when we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26FE6.042 S26FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1147 February 26, 2015 
are dealing with a country such as 
Vietnam, my understanding is the min-imum wage there is 56 cents an hour— 56 cents an hour. Maybe I am old-fash-ioned, but I don’t think American workers should be forced to compete against people who are working for 56 cents an hour. 
At a time when corporations have al-
ready outsourced over 3 million service sector jobs in the United States, the Trans-Pacific Partnership includes rules that will make it easier for cor-porate America to outsource call cen-ters, computer programming, engineer-ing, accounting, and medical diag-nostic drugs. Under the TPP, Viet-namese companies will be able to com-pete with American companies for Fed-eral contracts funded by U.S. tax-payers, undermining ‘‘Buy American’’ laws. 
If the United States is to remain a 
major industrial power, producing real products and creating good-paying jobs, we must develop a new set of trade policies which work for the ordi-nary American worker and not for large corporations and big campaign donors. 
Let me be very frank as an Inde-
pendent. This is not just the Repub-licans who have been supporting these unfettered free-trade agreements; there have been Democratic Presidents as well. Corporate America has said we want these trade policies, and the lead-ers of both political parties have said, yes, that is what we will do. But I think it is time to stand up and say enough is enough. 
This country now is in a major race 
to the bottom. Workers are working longer hours for lower wages. No Amer-ican worker should be forced to com-pete against desperate people around the world who are making pennies an hour. Corporate America, every night on television in every ad we see, tells us buy this product, buy that product. Well, you know what. If they want us to buy these products, maybe it is high time they started manufacturing those products in the United States of Amer-ica. 
I am opposed to the TPP, Trans-Pa-
cific Partnership trade agreement. That is my view, but I would hope every Member is opposed to the fast- track process which gives the author-ity to negotiate these agreements in the final terms. That is because nobody has had the opportunity to even see what is in the proposed agreement right now. Transparency has been minimal, absolutely minimal. 
I think if we are serious about cre-
ating decent-paying jobs in this coun-try, if we are serious about raising wages, if we are serious about dealing with the other issues that have sur-faced in terms of sovereignty, the idea we would make it easier for tobacco companies to sell their deadly products to children around the world and make it harder for governments to protect the health of their citizens is an abso-lute outrage. It is an outrage. I again thank Senator B
ROWN for 
helping to organize this event. I hope the American people stand and tell the Congress enough is enough. We need to create decent-paying jobs in this coun-try for a change and not just in other countries around the world. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin. 
Ms. BALDWIN. Mr. President, as 
President Obama has noted in his State of the Union, the American economy is growing again. We are creating jobs at the fastest pace since 1999, and unem-ployment is lower than before the fi-nancial crisis. American businesses are posting large profits and boosting the stock market along with them. 
Yet for many working Americans, 
this good news is only that, news— something they see in the paper or on TV, not in their paychecks or at the kitchen table. Many of the Wisconsin workers I hear from every day are struggling to make ends meet. They are working more, taking home less, and worried that for the first time in American history their kids will have fewer opportunities than they did. 
For the last 5 years the Obama ad-
ministration has been negotiating with 11 nations in the Asia-Pacific region on a free-trade agreement known as the Trans-Pacific Partnership. Some of these countries have values similar to ours and some do not. I fear this agree-ment could allow some nations to take advantage of the values we as Ameri-cans place on our environment, on labor laws, on human rights, and on free enterprise rules. These nations would be competing against American workers on an uneven playing field. This unfair game would continue the downward pressure on wages that has plagued American workers since before NAFTA. 
The interests of Wisconsin workers 
are being represented in these negotia-tions by unelected officials in the Of-fice of the U.S. Trade Representative. I am here to let these negotiators know that Wisconsinites don’t want more of the same failed promises from free- trade deals. 
Wisconsin workers make things. We 
have been one of the top manufac-turing States for generations. If we hope to continue making things, we think we should continue to have our own government as a customer. That is why I have been a big and strong sup-porter of ‘‘Buy American’’ provisions that require Federal agencies that use taxpayer dollars to purchase American- made products. 
Free-trade agreements have histori-
cally allowed foreign nations too much leeway when bidding for our govern-ment projects and contracts, while not affording American companies that fair access, that same access. I have asked the GAO to study this and report back to Congress so we can know the effect skirting ‘‘Buy American’’ laws have and the cost it has to American manufacturers. Currencies that reflect their true 
value are also vital to the conduct of global trade. When foreign countries cheat by manipulating their currencies to price their goods cheaper, Wisconsin workers—in fact all American work-ers—lose. 
Seven years ago, then-Senator 
Obama, speaking about the Bush ad-ministration’s inaction on currency manipulation said it best: 
Refusing to acknowledge this problem will 
not make it go away. . . . The Administra-tion’s refusal to take strong action against China’s currency manipulation will also make it more difficult to obtain congres-sional approval for renewed Trade Promotion Authority, as well as additional trade agree-ments. 
That statement is as true today with 
the Obama administration as it was with the Bush administration. Cur-rency manipulation is essentially cheating. That is why I support includ-ing strong and enforceable currency manipulation provisions in any trade agreement. Without these rules, we will allow countries to engage in a race to the bottom that leaves everybody worse off. 
One of the things that has made 
America great is our entrepreneurial spirit. This spirit has attracted immi-grant entrepreneurs from all over the world, but all too often I hear from Wisconsin businesses whose patented ideas are being stolen and replicated in Asia. 
I believe any agreement must include 
high standards for protecting intellec-tual property to encourage risk-taking investments that turn into profitable companies and jobs in the United States. In the same way, I believe our ideas should be protected, I also believe that what we call our foods should be protected from foreign interference. 
Let me explain what I mean by that. 
In fact, the European Union has sought to restrict the use of cheese, meat, and alcohol names that American pro-ducers have used for generations. For instance, cheese producers in Wis-consin would not able to call their cheese ‘‘feta’’ because it is not made in Greece, while a brewer in Wisconsin couldn’t label his dark beer a ‘‘Bavar-ian Black’’ because it isn’t made in Ba-varia, in Germany. 
I have worked hard to urge the U.S. 
Trade Representative to reject any at-tempt by the European Union or any foreign nation to restrict the use of common food names in order to protect our food manufacturers and processors across this country—and especially as Wisconsin is a major producer of beer and brats and cheese, this is an issue that is very close to home. 
Finally, I have concerns about the 
value systems of some of the nations that are party to the TPP. By way of example, Brunei recently adopted new sharia laws that include death by ston-ing for acts of adultery, homosex-uality, and forced amputations for other offenses, including consuming al-cohol. These laws go so far as to outlaw 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26FE6.043 S26FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1148 February 26, 2015 
public Christmas celebrations. In fact, 
the act of wearing a Santa Claus hat in public could lead to a fine of more than $15,000, a 5-year imprisonment sentence or both. 
Amnesty International has called the 
new rules in Brunei ‘‘shocking.’’ They have been declared illegal by the U.N. High Commissioner For Human Rights. We should not be affording our highest trading privileges to nations that do not value basic human rights. 
I have heard from so many constitu-
ents who are rightly skeptical of the promises this new generation of trade agreements offer. I appreciate having this opportunity to express my con-cerns about free-trade agreements that are currently under negotiation. After seeing decades of jobs going overseas while the ones that are left pay less, who can blame the critics? Until it is clear to me that the gains from these agreements will go to the middle class and not just multinational corpora-tions, millionaires or billionaires, I will continue to oppose them. 
I thank my colleagues for organizing 
this opportunity to speak on trade. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Minnesota. 
Mr. FRANKEN. Mr. President, I rise 
to talk about the historic vote the FCC took today to preserve Net neutrality and maintain a free and open Internet. But before I turn to that exciting news, I want to take just a moment to talk about the urgent need to pass funding for the Department of Homeland Secu-rity. 
The Republican leadership has wast-
ed a lot of time over the past month politicizing this issue, and now we find ourselves on the brink of a completely preventable shutdown of DHS. I think every American agrees that funding for Homeland Security is too important to play politics with. Last year Demo-crats and Republicans came together and passed a clean bill to fund the De-partment for a full year, and we should do the same this year. I am pleased the Senate Republicans have agreed to take up a clean funding bill, and I hope the House Republicans will quickly do the same. 
NET NEUTRALITY  
Turning to today’s good news, I am 
thrilled to report that this morning the Federal Communications Commission voted to adopt new rules to preserve a free and open Internet. This is a big win for the 280 million Americans who use the Internet. I want to congratu-late FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler and thank him for his leadership on Net neutrality. 
The FCC has taken a crucial step to 
ensure that the Internet remains the platform for free expression, innova-tion, investment, and economic growth that it has always been. The new rules will offer meaningful protections for all Internet users. They promise to pre-serve the Internet’s status as an open marketplace, a place where everyone can participate on equal footing, free from discrimination by broadband pro-
viders—the companies such as Comcast, Verizon, and AT&T that pro-vide consumers with access to the Internet. 
That is what Net neutrality is all 
about. Net neutrality isn’t some rad-ical new idea. It is the simple and long-standing principle that all lawful con-tent on the Internet should receive equal treatment from broadband Inter-net service providers, regardless of who owns the content or how much money he or she has in the bank. It means broadband providers can’t pick and choose which Internet traffic reaches consumers and which doesn’t. This idea has been part of the architecture of the Internet from its very start. 
Because of Net neutrality, an email 
from my constituent in rural Min-nesota reaches me as quickly as an email from my bank. Because of Net neutrality, the Web site for my local pizzeria loads as quickly as the Web site for a national chain. Because of Net neutrality I can stream videos of my amazingly cute grandson just as easily I can stream a hit TV show, and he is amazingly cute. It is because of Net neutrality that companies such as Amazon, Facebook, and YouTube are household names. Once startups, these are now billion-dollar companies em-ploying thousands. Net neutrality gave them the chance to compete on a level playing field. Their success is a testa-ment to both American innovation and the power of a free and open Internet. 
For me, the bottom line is this. The 
Internet is a vital part of our daily lives. Net neutrality is at the core of how the Internet operates. It is critical to our democracy and to our economy that it continue to operate in this manner. All of the amazing innovation and growth on the Internet did not just happen while we had Net neutrality; it happened because of Net neutrality. 
This is not the first time the FCC has 
sought to protect Net neutrality. Twice before they have tried to imple-ment rules which were then challenged by the big broadband providers and ba-sically struck down by the DC Circuit. It was not that the Court thought that the rules were bad policy, but rather that the FCC had not invoked the prop-er legal basis. 
Since the second court decision last 
year, we have seen a lot of debate about what the FCC should do. Many of us have called for stronger rules. We have argued that those rules must be grounded in the FCC’s authority under title II of the Communications Act if they are going to survive judicial scru-tiny and withstand the test of time. 
Of course, the big broadband pro-
viders pushed for the FCC to move in the opposite direction, to take a weak-er approach. Why? Well, without Net neutrality they stood to make a ton of extra money. These guys wanted the FCC to allow them to charge Web sites access to fast lanes to reach con-sumers. Then only those sites that could afford to pay would see their con-tent delivered at the fastest speed ever. 
Everyone else would be relegated to a slow lane. Only those with very deep pockets would be able to afford to pay for the fast lanes, and the broadband providers would have profited at the expense of everybody else. 
I fiercely opposed this. Millions and 
millions of my fellow Americans did too. Consumers and business owners spoke out and urged the FCC to adopt rules that would protect—not destroy— Net neutrality. 
They made the case for Net neu-
trality in clear and compelling terms, arguing that strong rules are essential for the future of the Internet. With to-day’s vote, the FCC has provided those much-needed rules. The new rules are strong, clear, and enforceable. They will prevent broadband providers from blocking or throttling lawful online content. 
The rules will stop providers from 
charging Web sites for access to fast lanes. The FCC is implementing these rules within a time-tested legal frame-work that will allow the agency to re-spond to challenges to Net neutrality that arise in the future. Following the commonsense path that I and a number of my colleagues have long urged, the FCC has recognized that broadband Internet access is a title II service, a telecommunications service. 
Last spring, I could not have pre-
dicted that we would be celebrating this victory today. The best principles of our democracy have won out. It is clear that the voices of the American people have been heard. I have often called Net neutrality the free speech issue of our time. I believe that exer-cising our free speech right has been key to our success and will continue to be the key to our success. 
Today does not mark the end of our 
work—the work of all Net neutrality supporters to safeguard our free and open Internet. Some of my Republican colleagues have decried the very idea of Net neutrality. More recently others have purported to embrace the concept but at the same time have tried to stop the FCC from taking meaningful ac-tion. 
My friend Senator J
OHN THUNE has 
drafted legislation that would strip the FCC of authority to regulate access to broadband Internet services. Along with many of my colleagues, I made clear that I regard this as a nonstarter. In the weeks and months ahead, I and other Net neutrality supporters will need to continue to speak out, to make sure everyone understands what is at stake, why we stand by the strong rules adopted by the FCC and why we oppose efforts to strip the FCC of its authority or to weaken Net neutrality protections. 
This will take a lot of hard work. 
Some folks really just do not get it. Back in November, my friend Senator T
EDCRUZreferred to Net neutrality as 
‘‘ObamaCare for the Internet.’’ It was a statement that seemed to demonstrate just a basic misunderstanding of what 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26FE6.045 S26FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1149 February 26, 2015 
Net neutrality is and how the Internet 
works. For that matter, tens of thou-sands have seen a YouTube video of Senator C
RUZattacking FCC efforts to 
protect Net neutrality. 
I will just pause to note that the 
video reached many viewers, and the reason it did was that it was uploaded to YouTube, a site that would not have flourished were it not for Net neu-trality. It was because of Net neu-trality that YouTube, a company founded by three guys in an office over a pizzeria in San Mateo, CA, was able to compete against and ultimately overtake the well-funded competitor, Google Video. 
In his video Senator C
RUZcompared 
an old rotary phone to a modern cell phone. He claimed that the landline was an example of stagnation due to FCC regulation under title II, while cell phone innovation was a product of noninvolvement by the government. 
The attempted comparison fails for 
many reasons, not least because the telephone services on cell phones have long been subject to title II. In fact, the FCC is taking the same kind of ap-proach to applying title II to broadband access services as they have taken in applying it to mobile voice services, where I think we all agree there has been robust investment and innovation under title II. 
In the coming months, I expect that 
we are going to confront a lot of this kind of confusion and misinformation or disinformation. We are going to en-counter plenty of people who oppose Net neutrality because they do not un-derstand how the Internet works or do not understand the relevant legal au-thorities or, frankly, are willing to per-sonally obfuscate to advance their own agenda. I hope the American people will remain engaged on this issue, that they remain willing to speak up, to use the Internet to spread solid informa-tion, to organize support, and ulti-mately to counter the deep-pocketed ISPs and the politicians who may seek to undermine Net neutrality. 
I do believe that with the same en-
ergy and determination that has got-ten us this far, Net neutrality sup-porters can make today’s historic vote a lasting win for the American people. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island. 
CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I 
will yield the floor when the next speaker comes. But while we have a quiet moment, I just want to complete my remarks related to the Senator from Oklahoma and his snowball. 
I ask unanimous consent to show the 
Earth-Now Web site on the iPad device that I have. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. If you go to 
Earth-Now, it is actually quite easy to load. You can see how that polar vor-tex measurably brings the cold air down to New England. If you do not want—this is produced by NASA. These 
are pretty serious people. So you can believe NASA and you can believe what their satellites measure on the planet or you can believe the Senator with the snowball. 
The U.S. Navy takes this very seri-
ously, to the point where Admiral Locklear, who is the head of the Pa-cific Command, has said that climate change is the biggest threat that we face in the Pacific. He is a career mili-tary officer, and he is deadly serious. You can either believe the U.S. Navy or you can believe the Senator with the snowball. 
The religious and faith groups are 
very clear on this, by and large. I would particularly salute the U.S. Con-ference of Catholic Bishops, which has made very, very clear strong state-ments. We are going to hear more from Pope Francis about this when he re-leases his encyclical and when he speaks to the joint session of Congress on September 24. 
I think it will be quite clear that you 
can either believe the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops and Pope Francis or you can belief the Senator with the snowball. 
In corporate America there is an im-
mense array of major, significant, in-telligent, and responsible corporations that are very clear that climate change is real. They are companies such as Coke and Pepsi; companies such as Ford, GM, and Caterpillar; companies such as Walmart and Target; compa-nies such as VF Industries, which makes a wide array of clothing prod-ucts; Nike; companies such as Mars and Nestle. 
So, we have our choice. We can be-
lieve Coke and Pepsi and Ford and GM and Walmart and Target and VF Indus-tries and Nike and Mars and Nestle; or we can believe the Senator with the snowball. 
Every major American scientific so-
ciety has put itself on record—many of them a decade ago—that climate change is deadly real. They measure it. They see it. They know why it happens. The predictions correlate with what we see, as they increasingly come true. The fundamental principles—that it is derived from carbon pollution, which comes from burning fossil fuels—are beyond legitimate dispute to the point where the leading scientific organiza-tions on the planet calls them ‘‘un-equivocal.’’ 
So you can believe every single 
major American scientific society or you can believe the Senator with the snowball. 
I would submit the following. I would 
submit that, if you looked at the American population and you removed the conspiracy theorists—there are al-ways conspiracy theorists in the Amer-ican population that come out and deny that the moon landing was real. They have their hobgoblins from time to time. If you remove the conspiracy theorists—and there are people who simply do not accept a lot of scientific truths. They think the Earth is only 
6,000 years old. They deny that evo-lution is real. Fine, they are entitled to that point of view. But it is not one you would want to make much of a bet on. It is not a point of view that is likely to get, for instance, a rover onto the surface of Mars and driven around successfully by scientists. But if people want to have that point of view, they have the right to do it. I just would not put very many bets on how productive that point of view is when you are try-ing to accomplish something impor-tant. 
Also, remove the people who have fi-
nancial ties to the fossil fuel industry. So take out the conspiracy theorists, take out the evolution deniers, take out the people who have a financial tie to the fossil fuel industry, and I would be very surprised if you found virtually anybody left who was not prepared to be responsible about climate change. 
Too many of us see it happening 
right in front of our faces. The science has been too clear for too long. Frank-ly, what we are seeing is the rollout of the famous tobacco strategy to delay and deny the day of reckoning because they are making money selling tobacco in the meantime while they create false doubt about the damage their product is doing. 
Now is an interesting time for that 
because in Washington, at the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District, we just had oral argument on the enforce-ment of a decision rendered by a U.S. district judge finding that that tobacco scam—the deliberate pattern of lies by the tobacco industry to convince peo-ple tobacco really wasn’t responsible for cancer and other ill health effects— that that campaign was a civil racket-eering conspiracy. That is the law of the United States of America. I would submit that if we look at the civil racketeering conspiracy that the to-bacco industry ran, that has been called out by a court of law, and we compare that to what the polluters are saying about climate change, we will see more similarities than differences. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
REMEMBERING MIKE PERRY  
Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, I rise 
today to honor a dear friend whom we have just lost in West Virginia, Mr. Mike Perry. He was a beloved commu-nity leader, a dear friend to all of us, and truly an inspiring West Virginian. 
Mike was a native of Huntington, 
WV, which is located in beautiful Cabell County. He was a tireless cham-pion for his community, for Marshall University, and for the entire State of West Virginia. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:13 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26FE6.046 S26FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1150 February 26, 2015 
Upon graduating from Marshall Uni-
versity in 1958, Mike attended WVU School of Law and graduated first in his class. He then spent 20 years as a dedicated lawyer with the firm of Hud-dleston Bolen in his hometown of Hun-tington, becoming partner after only 5 short years. In 1981 he entered the banking business and was chairman of the board and CEO of the First Hun-tington National Bank until his retire-ment in 2001. 
Mike never failed to give back to the 
Huntington community that he loved, which had rewarded him with so much throughout the years—an education, endless opportunities to make a suc-cessful life for himself and his family, and a truly special place he could al-ways call home. 
He served as interim president of 
Marshall University in 1999, donating his entire salary to the university’s general scholarship fund. His perform-ance at the university was so highly re-garded that the board of trustees voted to remove the word ‘‘interim’’ from his title when listing Marshall’s presi-dents. 
Mike woke up every day aspiring to 
make his community an even better place to work and live and consistently encouraged others to do the same. 
Throughout the years he was a great 
confidant of mine. I enjoyed speaking to Mike on countless occasions on an array of issues, ranging from worldly national and State policies to very lo-calized matters concerning beautiful Cabell County. 
Remarkably, despite battling cancer 
for 1
1⁄2years, Mike never stopped work-
ing on community projects. He served on countless boards throughout the tri-state area, including those for the Hun-tington Area Development Council, the Tri-State Airport Authority, and St. Mary’s Medical Center, among many others. 
Above all, he was a dedicated family 
man who was truly devoted to his wife Henriella, his three children, and his eight grandchildren. Mike met Henriella in the fifth grade, and he was certain then that he had met the girl of his dreams. He knew even as a young-ster that they would spend the rest of their lives together. The two married in 1958, and I think Mike would agree that Henriella always brought out the best in him and made him a better man. 
Together, the Perrys moved to 
Harveytown in 1973, which was the fu-ture Heritage Farm Museum and Vil-lage. They transported old log struc-tures and began reassembling buildings and accumulating a unique collection of antiques. Today the farm consists of five houses, a zoo, a church, and sev-eral buildings that showcase rich Appa-lachian heritage. 
In 2010 both Mike and Henriella were 
honored with the Donald R. Myers Hu-manitarian Award, which recognizes individuals who have enriched Appa-lachia through their extensive leader-ship and community service endeavors. Heritage Farm Museum and Village 
has become a true mainstay within West Virginia and will forever serve as a reminder of a man who lived to make his community and the Mountain State a better place, a man who was an in-spiring leader, a selfless friend, a lov-ing husband, father, grandfather, and so much more. He was a friend to all, and I personally will always value his friendship and his guidance, as will ev-erybody who ever came in contact with Mike Perry. 
So I say farewell to my dear friend 
and God bless to the State of West Vir-ginia and the Perry family. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
f 
WELCOMING THE PRIME MINISTER 
OF ISRAEL TO THE UNITED STATES FOR HIS ADDRESS TO A JOINT SESSION OF CONGRESS 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, on 
Tuesday of next week, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu will make an historic address before the Congress. This is his third address as Prime Minister of Israel. At the invita-tion of Speaker B
OEHNER , he is coming 
to discuss Iran’s nuclear ambitions and the ongoing P5+1 negotiations, as well as the rise of the Islamic State ter-rorist group and other jihadist groups across the Middle East. 
These are obviously serious issues of 
national security, both for Israel but also for us here in the United States, and Prime Minister Netanyahu and the citizens of Israel have a unique per-spective on those issues. In the interest of staying fully informed and aligned with our closest ally in the region, Israel, Congress needs to listen to what Prime Minister Netanyahu has to say, and I look forward to doing so. 
I believe the Prime Minister’s speech 
will be both informative and timely, as the Obama administration is report-edly trying to lock down a question-able nuclear deal with the Iranians by the March 24 deadline. 
That is why I have introduced S. Res. 
76 that welcomes the Prime Minister of Israel to the United States for his ad-dress to Congress. This resolution ex-plains just a few of the reasons why the U.S.-Israel alliance is so powerful and so enduring, and it states in part that we welcome the Prime Minister and ea-gerly await his address before Con-gress. This resolution reaffirms our commitment to stand with Israel in times of uncertainty, strongly supports Israel’s right to self-defense, and fi-nally reaffirms our support and the friendship between our two countries. These sentiments are widely shared in Congress, but in an increasingly per-
ilous global security environment in which we find ourselves, I think it is important to remind people of how and why the United States stands with Israel. 
A majority of Senators have cospon-
sored this resolution, and I believe today it is time for the Senate to pass it, to reaffirm there will be no daylight between the United States and Israel when it comes to common issues of na-tional security. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the Committee on Foreign Relations be discharged from further consideration of and the Senate now proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 76. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report the resolution 
by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 76) welcoming the 
Prime Minister of Israel to the United States for his address to a joint session of Congress. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Cornyn amendment be agreed to, the resolu-tion, as amended, be agreed to, the pre-amble be agreed to, the Cornyn amend-ment to the title be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment (No. 262) was agreed 
to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To make a technical correction) 
On page 3, line 4, strike ‘‘joint session’’ 
and insert ‘‘joint meeting’’. 
The resolution (S. Res. 76), as amend-
ed, was agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. 
S. R ES. 76 
Whereas, since its founding in 1948, Israel 
has been a strong and steadfast ally to the United States in the Middle East, a region characterized by instability and violence; 
Whereas the United States-Israel relation-
ship is built on mutual respect for common values, including a commitment to democ-racy, the rule of law, individual liberty, free- market principles, and ethnic and religious diversity; 
Whereas the strong cultural, religious, and 
political ties shared by the United States and Israel help form a bond between our countries that should never be broken; 
Whereas Israel continues to serve as a 
shining model of democratic values by regu-larly holding free and fair elections, pro-moting the free exchange of ideas, and vigor-ously exercising a form of democratic gov-ernment that is fully representative of its citizens; 
Whereas nations such as Iran and Syria, as 
well as designated foreign terrorist organiza-tions such as Hezbollah and Hamas, refuse to recognize Israel’s right to exist, continually call for its destruction, and have repeatedly attacked Israel either directly or through proxies; 
Whereas, in particular, the Government of 
Iran’s ongoing pursuit of nuclear weapons poses a tremendous threat both to the United States and Israel; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26FE6.048 S26FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1151 February 26, 2015 
Whereas the negotiations between the so- 
called P5+1 countries and Iran over its illicit nuclear weapons program are entering a key phase, and Congress has heard the perspec-tives, both publicly and privately, of a num-ber of close allies involved in the negotia-tions; and 
Whereas the United States is committed to 
ensuring that Israel, as a strong and trusted ally, maintains its qualitative military edge: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) warmly welcomes the Prime Minister of 
Israel, Benjamin Netanyahu, on his visit to the United States, which provides a timely opportunity to reinforce the United States- Israel relationship; 
(2) eagerly awaits the address of Prime 
Minister Netanyahu before a joint meeting of the United States Congress; 
(3) reaffirms its commitment to stand with 
Israel during times of uncertainty; 
(4) continues to strongly support Israel’s 
right to defend itself from threats to its very survival; and 
(5) reaffirms its unequivocal and bipartisan 
support for the friendship between the people and Governments of the United States and Israel. 
The amendment (No. 263) was agreed 
to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To amend the title) 
Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘A resolu-
tion welcoming the Prime Minister of Israel to the United States for his address to a joint meeting of Congress.’’. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I yield 
the floor and suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SE-
CURITY APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2015—MOTION TO PROCEED—Con-tinued 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
yield back all time on the motion to proceed. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is on agreeing to the 
motion. 
The motion was agreed to. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SE-
CURITY APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 240) making appropriations for 
the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 255 
(Purpose: in the nature of a substitute) 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I have an amend-
ment at the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ], for Mr. C OCHRAN , Ms. M IKULSKI , and 
Mrs. S HAHEEN , proposes an amendment num-
bered 255. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
(The amendment is printed in today’s 
R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas 
and nays on my amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 256 TO AMENDMENT NO . 255 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I have a second de-
gree amendment at the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] proposes an amendment numbered 256 
to amendment No. 255. 
The amendment is as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
This act shall become effective 1 day after 
enactment. 
AMENDMENT NO . 257 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I have an amend-
ment to the text proposed to be strick-en. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] proposes an amendment numbered 257 
to the language proposed to be stricken by amendment No. 255. 
The amendment is as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
This act shall become effective 6 days after 
enactment. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas 
and nays on my amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 258 TO AMENDMENT NO . 257 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I have a second de-
gree amendment at the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] proposes an amendment numbered 258 
to amendment No. 257. 
The amendment is as follows: 
In the amendment, strike ‘‘6 days’’ and in-
sert ‘‘5 days’’. 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITH AMENDMENT NO . 259 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I have a motion to 
commit H.R. 240 with instructions, which is at the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] moves to commit the bill to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations with instructions to report back forthwith with an amendment numbered 259. 
The amendment is as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
This act shall become effective 4 days after 
enactment. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas 
and nays on that motion. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 260 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I have an amend-
ment to the instructions at the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] proposes an amendment numbered 260 
to the instructions of the motion to commit H.R. 240. 
The amendment is as follows: 
In the amendment, strike ‘‘4 days’’ and in-
sert ‘‘3 days’’. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask for the yeas 
and nays on that amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 261 TO AMENDMENT NO . 260 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I have a second de-
gree amendment at the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ] proposes an amendment numbered 261 
to amendment No. 260. 
The amendment is as follows: 
In the amendment, strike ‘‘3 days’’ and in-
sert ‘‘2 days’’. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. I have a cloture 
motion at the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-
ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on H.R. 240, making appropriations for the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2015. 
Mitch McConnell, Orrin G. Hatch, Susan 
M. Collins, Lindsey Graham, Daniel Coats, Thad Cochran, Roger F. Wicker, John Barrasso, Jeff Flake, John McCain, Mark Kirk, Kelly Ayotte, Lamar Alexander, Lisa Murkowski, Bob Corker, John Cornyn. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the mandatory quorum under rule XXII be waived. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE6.053 S26FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1152 February 26, 2015 
Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
IMMIGRATION RULE OF LAW ACT 
OF 2015—MOTION TO PROCEED 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I move to proceed 
to S. 534. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the motion. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 22, S. 
534, a bill to prohibit funds from being used to carry out certain Executive actions re-lated to immigration and for other purposes. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. I send a cloture 
motion to the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-
ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to proceed to S. 534, a bill to prohibit funds from being used to carry out certain Executive actions related to immigration and for other purposes. 
Mitch McConnell, Susan M. Collins, John 
Thune, Cory Gardner, Lamar Alex-ander, Daniel Coats, James Lankford, John Barrasso, John McCain, Bill Cas-sidy, Roger F. Wicker, John Hoeven, Lisa Murkowski, Jeff Flake, Shelley Moore Capito, Ron Johnson, Richard Burr. 
f 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing rule XXII, at 10 a.m. on Fri-day, February 27, the Senate vote on the motion to invoke cloture on H.R. 240; that if cloture is invoked, all postcloture time be yielded back with the exception of 10 minutes for Senator L
EEor his designee; and that following 
the use or yielding back of that time, the pending amendments, with the ex-ception of amendment No. 255, be with-drawn and the Senate vote on amend-ment No. 255; I further ask that the bill, as amended, if amended, then be read a third time and the Senate vote on passage, and that there then be 2 minutes of debate equally divided prior to a vote on the motion to invoke clo-ture on the motion to proceed to S. 534. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. REMEMBERING COLONEL DEWEY 
LEE SMITH 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
rise today to mourn the passing of a great Kentuckian and an American hero, Col. Dewey Lee Smith. Colonel Smith of Fairdale, KY, was a U.S. Air Force veteran. He passed away on Feb-ruary 9, 2015, and was 85 years old. 
Colonel Smith bravely served his 
country during the Vietnam war and was taken prisoner on June 2, 1967, as an F–105 pilot who was forced to eject over North Vietnam. He was held as a POW and not released until March 4, 1973, near the end of the Vietnam war. He spent 2,103 days in captivity and was released during Operation Home-coming. 
Colonel Smith was not reluctant to 
talk about his POW experience, and often spoke about it on Veterans Day at area churches. He also frequently spoke to newly commissioned military officers at Fort Knox. 
Among Colonel Smith’s many var-
ious medals, awards, and decorations, he received the Silver Star, the Distin-guished Flying Cross, and the Purple Heart. He later received a Bronze Oak Leaf Cluster, in lieu of a second Silver Star, for gallantry while a POW. 
Colonel Smith was born, fittingly, on 
Veterans Day in 1929 in Louisville. He played football at Fairdale High School and was a linebacker and a fullback on the football team at Western Kentucky University. 
He was commissioned as a second 
lieutenant through the Air Force ROTC program at Western Kentucky in 1953. He was awarded his pilot wings at Vance AFB, OK, in June 1954. He served in South Korea, and at the time of his capture he was stationed in Thailand. 
In his retirement, Colonel Smith 
could frequently be seen playing golf at South Park Country Club, and he served at least once as the grand mar-shal of the Fairdale Fair parade. He will be greatly missed by his wife Elaine, his sons Dewey Smith Jr., Jon-athan Smith, and Joshua Russell Smith, and his daughters Vicki Boyd and Sandra Smith. I know my U.S. Senate colleagues join me in express-ing condolences to Colonel Smith’s family. 
The Louisville Courier-Journal pub-
lished an obituary for Colonel Smith. I ask unanimous consent that said obit-uary be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the obit-
uary was ordered to appear as follows: 
COLONEL DEWEY LEESMITH 
OBITUARY  
Smith, Colonel Dewey Lee, 85, passed while 
in the nursing home in Luverne, AL, on Feb-ruary 9, 2015. A highly decorated veteran of the Cold War and the Vietnam War and a POW of the Vietnam War, he was awarded numerous medals for valor and citations for achievement including but not limited to the Silver Star (2), Legion of Merit, Distin-guished Flying Cross for Valor (2), Bronze Star for Valor, Purple Heart (2), and Pris-oner of War Medal. 
Colonel Smith was a courageous, honorable 
and loyal airman, as well as a patient and loving father, a humble family man, and a 
faithful servant of God. He married Elaine Hall in Glenwood, Alabama in 1974. As a nat-ural at the game of football, he coached lit-tle league, played his senior year at Fairdale High School in Fairdale, Kentucky and re-ceived a scholarship to play at Western Ken-tucky, where he played from 1948 to 1953, and served as a student coach in 1953. 
Colonel Smith was born on November 11, 
1929 in Louisville, KY, to John and Edna Smith. 
He is survived by his wife of 40 years, 
Elaine Hall Smith; his daughters, Vicki Boyd of Chattanooga and Sandy Smith of Louis-ville; his sons, Lieutenant Colonel Dewey L. Smith, Jr. ‘‘Chip’’ of Missoula, MT, Captain Jonathan Smith (April) and Sergeant Joshua Smith (Samlong) of Louisville; his grand-children, Mike, Halle, Mahalia, Kaden, Kellan, Samara, and Serena; his sister, Mil-dred Davis of Shepherdsville; and many nieces and nephews who adored their Uncle Dewey. Colonel Dewey was preceded in death by his parents, John and Edna; his brothers, Homer Smith and Johnny Ray Smith (Louis-ville), Cedar Smith of Charlestown, IN; his sisters, Alice Oney of Louisville, Elizabeth Trotter of Chattanooga, and Mary Stewart of Evarts, KY; daughter, Donna. 
A viewing will take place at Fairdale- 
McDaniel Funeral Home, Friday 3–8 p.m. and Saturday 11 a.m.—1 p.m., with the burial im-mediately following at Bethany Cemetery at 2 p.m. The service will be officiated by Brother David Brading and Jack Davis. 
f 
PERMANENT SUBCOMMITTEE ON 
INVESTIGATIONS 
RULES OF PROCEDURE 
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, Senate 
Standing Rule XXVI, paragraph 2 re-quires each committee to adopt rules to govern the procedure of the com-mittee and to publish those rules in the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD not later than 
March 1 of the first year of each Con-gress. On February 24, 2015, a majority of the members of the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs’ Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations adopted subcommittee rules of procedure. 
I ask unanimous consent to have 
printed in the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD a 
copy of the rules of procedure of the Permanent Subcommittee on Inves-tigations. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
RULES OF PROCEDURE FOR THE SENATE 
PERMANENT SUBCOMMITTEE ON IN-VESTIGATIONS OF THE COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND GOVERN-MENTAL AFFAIRS AS ADOPTED 
1. No public hearing connected with an in-
vestigation may be held without the ap-proval of either the Chairman and the Rank-ing Minority Member or a majority of the Members of the Subcommittee. In all cases, notification to all Subcommittee Members of the intent to hold hearings must be given at least 7 days in advance to the date of the hearing. The Ranking Minority Member should be kept fully apprised of preliminary inquiries, investigations, and hearings. Pre-liminary inquiries may be initiated by the Subcommittee Majority staff upon the ap-proval of the Chairman and notice of such approval to the Ranking Minority Member, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26FE6.061 S26FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1153 February 26, 2015 
Minority Staff Director, or the Minority 
Chief Counsel. Preliminary inquiries may be undertaken by the Minority staff upon the approval of the Ranking Minority Member and notice of such approval to the Chairman, Staff Director, or Chief Counsel. Investiga-tions may be undertaken upon the approval of the Chairman and the Ranking Minority Member with notice of such approval to all Members of the Subcommittee. 
No public hearing shall be held if the Mi-
nority Members of the Subcommittee unani-mously object, unless the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs (the ‘‘Committee’’) approves of such public hearing by a majority vote. 
Senate Rules will govern all closed ses-
sions convened by the Subcommittee (Rule XXVI, Sec. 5(b), Standing Rules of the Sen-ate). 
2. Subpoenas for witnesses, as well as docu-
ments and records, may be authorized and issued by the Chairman, or any other Mem-ber of the Subcommittee designated by him or her, with notice to the Ranking Minority Member. A written notice of intent to issue a subpoena shall be provided to the Chair-man and Ranking Minority Member of the Committee, or staff officers designated by them, by the Chairman or a staff officer des-ignated by him or her, immediately upon such authorization, and no subpoena shall be issued for at least 48 hours, excluding Satur-days and Sundays, from delivery to the ap-propriate offices, unless the Chairman and Ranking Minority Member of the Committee waive the 48 hour waiting period or unless the Chairman certifies in writing to the Chairman and Ranking Minority Member of the Committee that, in his or her opinion, it is necessary to issue a subpoena imme-diately. 
3. The Chairman shall have the authority 
to call meetings of the Subcommittee. This authority may be delegated by the Chairman to any other Member of the Subcommittee when necessary. 
4. If at least three Members of the Sub-
committee desire the Chairman to call a spe-cial meeting, they may file, in the office of the Subcommittee, a written request there-for, addressed to the Chairman. Immediately thereafter, the clerk of the Subcommittee shall notify the Chairman of such request. If, within 3 calendar days after the filing of such request, the Chairman fails to call the requested special meeting, which is to be held within 7 calendar days after the filing of such request, a majority of the Sub-committee Members may file in the office of the Subcommittee their written notice that a special Subcommittee meeting will be held, specifying the date and hour thereof, and the Subcommittee shall meet on that date and hour. Immediately upon the filing of such notice, the Subcommittee clerk shall notify all Subcommittee Members that such special meeting will be held and inform them of its date and hour. If the Chairman is not present at any regular, additional or special meeting, the Ranking Majority Member present shall preside. 
5. For public or executive sessions, one 
Member of the Subcommittee shall con-stitute a quorum for the administering of oaths and the taking of testimony in any given case or subject matter. 
One-third of the Members of the Sub-
committee shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of Subcommittee business other than the administering of oaths and the tak-ing of testimony, provided that at least one member of the minority is present. 
6. All witnesses at public or executive 
hearings who testify to matters of fact shall be sworn. 
7. If, during public or executive sessions, a 
witness, his or her counsel, or any spectator conducts himself or herself in such a manner 
as to prevent, impede, disrupt, obstruct, or interfere with the orderly administration of such hearing, the Chairman or presiding Member of the Subcommittee present during such hearing may request the Sergeant at Arms of the Senate, his or her representa-tive, or any law enforcement official to eject said person from the hearing room. 
8. Counsel retained by any witness and ac-
companying such witness shall be permitted to be present during the testimony of such witness at any public or executive hearing and to advise such witness while he or she is 
testifying of his or her legal rights; provided, however, that in the case of any witness who is an officer or employee of the government, or of a corporation or association, the Chair-man may rule that representation by counsel from the government, corporation, or asso-ciation, or by counsel representing another witness, creates a conflict of interest, and that the witness may only be represented during interrogation by Subcommittee staff or during testimony before the Sub-committee by personal counsel not from the government, corporation, or association, or by personal counsel not representing another witness. This rule shall not be construed to excuse a witness from testifying in the event his or her counsel is ejected for conducting himself or herself in such a manner so as to prevent, impede, disrupt, obstruct, or inter-fere with the orderly administration of the hearings; nor shall this rule be construed as authorizing counsel to coach the witness or answer for the witness. The failure of any witness to secure counsel shall not excuse such witness from complying with a sub-poena or deposition notice. 
9. Depositions. 9.1 Notice. Notices for the taking of deposi-
tions in an investigation authorized by the Subcommittee shall be authorized and issued by the Chairman. The Chairman of the Com-mittee and the Ranking Minority Member of the Subcommittee shall be kept fully ap-prised of the authorization for the taking of depositions. Such notices shall specify a time and place of examination, and the name of the Subcommittee Member or Members or staff officer or officers who will take the dep-osition. The deposition shall be in private. The Subcommittee shall not initiate proce-dures leading to criminal or civil enforce-ment proceedings for a witness’s failure to appear unless the deposition notice was ac-companied by a Subcommittee subpoena. 
9.2 Counsel. Witnesses may be accompanied 
at a deposition by counsel to advise them of their legal rights, subject to the provisions of Rule 8. 
9.3 Procedure. Witnesses shall be examined 
upon oath administered by an individual au-thorized by local law to administer oaths. Questions shall be propounded orally by Sub-committee Members or staff. Objections by the witness as to the form of questions shall be noted for the record. If a witness objects to a question and refuses to testify on the basis of relevance or privilege, the Sub-committee Members or staff may proceed with the deposition, or may, at that time or at a subsequent time, seek a ruling by tele-phone or otherwise on the objection from the Chairman or such Subcommittee Member as designated by him or her. If the Chairman or designated Member overrules the objection, he or she may refer the matter to the Sub-committee or he or she may order and direct the witness to answer the question, but the Subcommittee shall not initiate procedures leading to civil or criminal enforcement un-less the witness refuses to testify after he or she has been ordered and directed to answer by the Chairman or designated Member. 
9.4 Filing. The Subcommittee staff shall 
see that the testimony is transcribed or elec-tronically recorded. If it is transcribed, the 
witness shall be furnished with a copy for re-view pursuant to the provisions of Rule 12. The individual administering the oath shall certify on the transcript that the witness 
was duly sworn in his or her presence, the transcriber shall certify that the transcript is a true record of the testimony, and the transcript shall then be filed with the Sub-committee clerk. Subcommittee staff may stipulate with the witness to changes in this procedure; deviations from this procedure which do not substantially impair the reli-ability of the record shall not relieve the witness from his or her obligation to testify truthfully. 
10. Any witness desiring to read a prepared 
or written statement in executive or public hearings shall file a copy of such statement with the Chairman, Staff Director, or Chief Counsel 48 hours in advance of the hearings at which the statement is to be presented unless the Chairman and the Ranking Minor-ity Member waive this requirement. The Subcommittee shall determine whether such statement may be read or placed in the record of the hearing. 
11. A witness may request, on grounds of 
distraction, harassment, personal safety, or physical discomfort, that during testimony, television, motion picture, and other cam-eras and lights, shall not be directed at him or her. Such requests shall be ruled on by the Subcommittee Members present at the hear-ing. 
12. An accurate stenographic record shall 
be kept of the testimony of all witnesses in executive and public hearings. The record of his or her own testimony, whether in public or executive session, shall be made available for inspection by the witness or his or her counsel under Subcommittee supervision; a copy of any testimony given in public ses-sion or that part of the testimony given by the witness in executive session and subse-quently quoted or made part of the record in a public session shall be made available to any witness at his or her expense if he or she so requests. 
13. Interrogation of witnesses at Sub-
committee hearings shall be conducted on behalf of the Subcommittee by Sub-committee Members and authorized Sub-committee staff personnel only. 
14. Any person who is the subject of an in-
vestigation in public hearings may submit to the Chairman questions in writing for the cross-examination of other witnesses called by the Subcommittee. With the consent of a majority of the Members of the Sub-committee present and voting, these ques-tions, or paraphrased versions of them, shall be put to the witness by the Chairman, by a Member of the Subcommittee, or by counsel of the Subcommittee. 
15. Any person whose name is mentioned or 
who is specifically identified, and who be-lieves that testimony or other evidence pre-sented at a public hearing, or comment made by a Subcommittee Member or counsel, tends to defame him or her or otherwise ad-versely affect his or her reputation, may (a) request to appear personally before the Sub-committee to testify in his or her own be-half, or, in the alternative, (b) file a sworn statement of facts relevant to the testimony or other evidence or comment complained of. Such request and such statement shall be submitted to the Subcommittee for its con-sideration and action. 
If a person requests to appear personally 
before the Subcommittee pursuant to alter-native (a) referred to herein, said request shall be considered untimely if it is not re-ceived by the Chairman, Staff Director, or Chief Counsel in writing on or before thirty (30) days subsequent to the day on which said person’s name was mentioned or he or she 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE6.056 S26FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1154 February 26, 2015 
was otherwise specifically identified during a 
public hearing held before the Sub-committee, unless the Chairman and the Ranking Minority Member waive this re-quirement. 
If a person requests to file his or her sworn 
statement pursuant to alternative (b) re-ferred to herein, the Subcommittee may con-dition the filing of said sworn statement upon said person agreeing to appear person-ally before the Subcommittee and to testify concerning the matters contained in his or her sworn statement, as well as any other matters related to the subject of the inves-tigation before the Subcommittee. 
16. All testimony taken in executive ses-
sion shall be kept secret and will not be re-leased for public information without the ap-proval of a majority of the Members of the Subcommittee. 
17. No Subcommittee report shall be re-
leased to the public unless approved by a ma-jority of the Subcommittee and after no less than 10 days’ notice and opportunity for comment by the Members of the Sub-committee unless the need for such notice and opportunity to comment has been waived in writing by a majority of the Mi-nority Members of the Subcommittee. 
18. The Ranking Minority Member may se-
lect for appointment to the Subcommittee staff a Chief Counsel for the Minority and such other professional staff and clerical as-sistants as he or she deems advisable. The total compensation allocated to such Minor-ity staff shall be not less than one-third the total amount allocated for all Subcommittee staff salaries during any given year. The Mi-nority staff shall work under the direction and supervision of the Ranking Minority Member. The Minority Staff Director and the Minority Chief Counsel shall be kept fully informed as to preliminary inquiries, investigations, and hearings, and shall have access to all material in the files of the Sub-committee. 
19. When it is determined by the Chairman 
and Ranking Minority Member, or by a ma-jority of the Subcommittee, that there is reasonable cause to believe that a violation of law may have occurred, the Chairman and Ranking Minority Member by letter, or the Subcommittee by resolution, are authorized to report such violation to the proper State, local and/or Federal authorities. Such letter or report may recite the basis for the deter-mination of reasonable cause. This rule is not authority for release of documents or testimony. 
f 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON FEDERAL 
SPENDING OVERSIGHT AND EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT 
RULES OF PROCEDURE 
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, Senate 
Standing Rule XXVI, paragraph 2 re-quires each committee to adopt rules to govern the procedure of the com-mittee and to publish those rules in the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD not later than 
March 1 of the first year of each Con-gress. On February 26, 2015, a majority of the members of the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs’ Subcommittee on Federal Spending Oversight and Emergency Management adopted subcommittee rules of procedure. 
I ask unanimous consent to have 
printed in the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD a 
copy of the rules of procedure of the Subcommittee on Federal Spending 
Oversight and Emergency Manage-ment. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
Rules of Procedure of the Committee on 
Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON FEDERAL SPENDING  
OVERSIGHT AND EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT  
1. Subcommittee rules. The Subcommittee 
shall be governed, where applicable, by the rules of the full Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Government Affairs and the Standing Rules of the Senate. 
2. Quorums. A. Transaction of routine business. One- 
third of the membership of the Sub-committee shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of routine business, provided that one Member of the Minority is present. For the purpose of this paragraph, the term ‘‘routine business’’ includes the convening of a meeting and the consideration of any busi-ness of the Subcommittee other than report-ing to the full Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Government Affairs any meas-ures, matters or recommendations. 
B. Taking testimony. One Member of the 
Subcommittee shall constitute a quorum for taking sworn or unsworn testimony. 
C. Proxies prohibited in establishment of 
quorum. Proxies shall not be considered for the establishment of a quorum. 
3. Subcommittee subpoenas. The Chairman 
of the Subcommittee, with the approval of the Ranking Minority Member of the Sub-committee, is authorized to subpoena the at-tendance of witnesses or the production of memoranda, documents, records, or any other materials at a hearing, provided that the Chairman may subpoena attendance or production without the approval of the Ranking Minority Member where the Chair-man or a staff officer designated by him/her has not received notification from the Rank-ing Minority Member or a staff officer des-ignated by him/her of disapproval of the sub-poena within 48 hours, excluding Saturdays and Sundays and legal holidays in which the Senate is not in session, of being notified of the subpoena. If a subpoena is disapproved by the Ranking Minority Member as provided herein, the subpoena may be authorized by vote of the Members of the Subcommittee. 
Immediately upon authorization of the 
issuance of a subpoena under these rules, a written notice of intent to issue the sub-poena shall be provided to the Chairman and Ranking Minority Member of the full Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-ment Affairs, or staff officers designated by them, by the Subcommittee Chairman or a staff officer designated by him/her, and no subpoena shall be issued for at least 48 hours, excluding Saturdays and Sundays, from de-livery to the appropriate offices, unless the Chairman and Ranking Minority Member of the full Committee on Homeland Security and Government Affairs waive the 48-hour waiting period or unless the Subcommittee Chairman certifies in writing to the Chair-man and Ranking Minority Member of the full Committee that, in his or her opinion, it is necessary to issue a subpoena imme-diately. 
When the Subcommittee or its Chairman 
authorizes subpoenas, subpoenas may be issued upon the signature of the Chairman or any other Member of the Subcommittee des-ignated by the Chairman. SUBCOMMITTEE ON REGULATORY 
AFFAIRS AND FEDERAL MAN-AGEMENT 
RULES OF PROCEDURE 
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, Senate 
Standing Rule XXVI, paragraph 2 re-quires each committee to adopt rules to govern the procedure of the com-mittee and to publish those rules in the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD not later than 
March 1 of the first year of each Con-gress. On February 26, 2015, a majority of the members of the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs’ Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Federal Management adopted subcommittee rules of proce-dure. 
I ask unanimous consent to have 
printed in the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD a 
copy of the rules of procedure of the Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Federal Management. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
Rules of Procedure of the Committee on 
Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON REGULATORY AFFAIRS AND  
FEDERAL MANAGEMENT  
(1) SUBCOMMITTEE RULES. The Sub-
committee shall be governed, where applica-ble, by the rules of the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs and the Standing Rules of the Senate. 
(2) QUORUMS. For public or executive ses-
sions, one Member of the Subcommittee shall constitute a quorum for the admin-istering of oaths and the taking of testimony in any given case or subject matter. One- third of the Members of the Subcommittee shall constitute a quorum for the trans-action of business other than the admin-istering of oaths and the taking of testi-mony, provided that one Member of the mi-nority is present. Proxies shall not be con-sidered for the establishment of a quorum. 
(3) TAKING TESTIMONY. All witnesses at 
public or executive hearings who testify to matters of fact shall be sworn. 
(4) SUBCOMMITTEE SUBPOENAS. Sub-
poenas for witnesses, as well as documents and records, may be authorized and issued by the Chairman, or any other Member of the Subcommittee designated by him or her, with the approval of the Ranking Minority Member of the Subcommittee, provided that the Chairman may subpoena attendance or production without the approval of the Ranking Minority Member where the Chair-man or a staff officer designated by him/her has not received notification from the Rank-ing Minority Member or a staff officer des-ignated by him/her of disapproval of the sub-poena within 24 hours excluding Saturdays and Sundays, of being notified of the sub-poena. If the subpoena is disapproved by the Ranking Minority Member as provided here-in, the subpoena may be authorized by a vote of the Members of the Subcommittee. 
A written notice of intent to issue a sub-
poena shall be provided to the Chairman and Ranking Minority Member of the full Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs, or staff officers designated by them, by the Subcommittee Chairman, or a staff officer designated by him or her, im-mediately upon such authorization, and no subpoena shall be issued for at least 48 hours, excluding Saturdays and Sundays, from de-livery to appropriate offices, unless the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE6.056 S26FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1155 February 26, 2015 
Chairman and Ranking Minority Member 
waive the 48 hour waiting period or unless the Subcommittee Chairman certifies in writing to the Chairman and Ranking Minor-ity Member that, in his or her opinion, it is necessary to issue the subpoena imme-diately. 
f 
NOMINATION OF CHRISTOPHER A. 
HART 
Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, I 
strongly support the nomination of Christopher A. Hart to serve as Chair-man of the National Transportation Safety Board, NTSB. Today I joined the Commerce Committee’s unanimous approval of his nomination and urge my colleagues to move quickly to con-firm Mr. Hart as Chair of the NTSB. 
The NTSB plays a critical role in ob-
jectively evaluating accidents in avia-tion, railroad, highway, marine, and pipeline transportation services. The NTSB forms extensive recommenda-tions on future enhancements in trans-portation safety and is a great asset in improving the national standard for transportation security. Given how critical the NTSB is to public safety, I cannot stress enough the importance of the full Senate approving this role. As Chairman, Mr. Hart will provide needed leadership to guide the NTSB’s work. 
In New Jersey, the NTSB serves an 
essential role in improving public safe-ty. Just last year, the NTSB moved quickly to launch a thorough inves-tigation of a high-profile truck acci-dent in June 2014. In addition, in re-sponse to the 2012 Paulsboro, NJ train derailment, the NTSB issued a com-prehensive report with a number of needed safety recommendations. The NTSB’s thorough analysis and review of these accidents significantly aids local governments, first responders, and Federal lawmakers in making im-portant policy decisions to avoid future catastrophes. 
Given the importance of the NTSB to 
New Jersey and across the country, I am proud to support a nominee to lead this organization with a breadth of ex-perience in senior leadership roles in aviation and highway safety. Mr. Hart’s proven leadership of the NTSB makes him uniquely qualified to lead this organization. I am proud to offer my full support for Mr. Hart, who I am honored to note upon approval by this body, will serve as the first African- American Chairman of the NTSB. Mr. Hart continues the tradition of his great uncle James Herman Banning, the first African American to receive a pilot’s license issued by the U.S. Gov-ernment in 1926. As a pilot himself, and a true public servant, Mr. Hart will help the NTSB continue making a sub-stantial positive impact on American public safety. Thank you. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO TYLER STEPHENS 
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I wish to 
pay special tribute to Tyler Stephens, a key member of my staff on the Select Committee on Intelligence. Tyler will 
leave us shortly to join the private sec-tor. I am honored to have the oppor-tunity to publicly thank Tyler and note my appreciation for his out-standing service to the United States Senate during the past 8 years, includ-ing his last 4 years of dedicated service to the Select Committee on Intel-ligence. 
Tyler is one of the brightest and 
most talented individuals on Capitol Hill. He is also among the best con-nected, a testament to the high regard in which he is held. Beginning as a staff assistant for Senator J
OHNNY  
ISAKSON in January 2007, he learned the 
Senate from the ground up and quickly rose through the ranks to his current position as a senior policy advisor on the Intelligence Committee. Tyler spent most of his time in the Senate as a close personal adviser to Senator Saxby Chambliss, my dear friend and colleague, on both his personal staff and throughout Saxby’s tenure as the 
vice chairman of the Intelligence Com-mittee. Tyler worked hard to establish his expertise as a policy and appropria-tions advisor on foreign relations, de-fense, homeland security, commerce, transportation, energy, environmental, and technology issues. On the Intel-ligence Committee, he quickly became a respected subject matter expert on a wide range of national security issues, including counterterrorism, covert ac-tion, and cybersecurity. As impressive as Tyler’s resume and experience are, it is his personal dedication and quick wit that often carry the day. In an en-vironment filled with threat briefings, hostile nation states, and post-9/11 con-flict, it is often easy for some to dwell on the negative. Not Tyler—the con-summate team player and totally mis-sion-oriented—no challenge has been too great and no objective too small. His great sense of humor, contagious chuckles, and mischievous grin often lightened the mood and helped those around him perform better during stressful situations. With his boundless energy and enthusiasm, he made it all look easy. 
My colleagues and I trust Tyler’s 
judgment implicitly. He has played a key role in helping committee mem-bers develop successful legislative strategies for resolving difficult na-tional security issues. He was also par-ticularly helpful to me during my tran-sition as the chairman of the Select Committee on Intelligence at the be-ginning of this Congress. Tyler’s dedi-cated public service and exceptional day-to-day performance on the job have earned our respect and admira-tion, and it inspired a generation of staff who had the privilege to work alongside him. There is no doubt that Tyler has a bright future in the private sector; however, should the right op-portunity present itself, I would strongly encourage my Senate col-leagues to entice him back into public service. We will miss Tyler deeply, but his legacy will remain a part of the Senate Select Committee on Intel-
ligence for years to come. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO NEIL ROBERTSON 
∑Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Madam Presi-
dent, I wish to pay tribute to a Con-necticut resident who recently dem-onstrated extraordinary capability and heroism. Officer Neil Robertson of the Norwalk Police Department was on pa-trol this past Tuesday, February 24, when he drove by a railroad crossing and noticed a vehicle partially stopped on the tracks. He also saw that a train was approaching. The driver of the ve-hicle, who may not have been aware of the train, was unable to move forward because of gridlock in the intersection ahead. Officer Robertson quickly and accurately judged the impending dan-ger. He immediately leapt from his car and directed traffic to move forward, allowing the driver of the stuck vehicle to escape the path of the oncoming train just seconds before it passed through the crossing. 
Officer Robertson is a 4-year veteran 
of the Norwalk Police Department. He deserves the highest praise not just for his choice to enter a career in public service but for his speedy and decisive actions to avert a potentially disas-trous accident. I know that all of Con-necticut joins me in honoring and thanking him for his exemplary per-formance in the line of duty. ∑ 
f 
INDIANAPOLIS CHAMBER OF 
COMMERCE 125TH ANNIVERSARY 
∑Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, 
today I wish to congratulate the hard- working members of the Indianapolis Chamber of Commerce as they cele-brate 125 years of creating jobs, build-ing Indiana’s economy, and improving the lives of Hoosiers all across our State. 
Originally called the Indianapolis 
Commercial Club, the Indianapolis Chamber of Commerce was founded in 1890 by COL Eli Lilly to address needs brought on by urban expansion in Cen-tral Indiana. The rapid expansion of in-dustry and transportation in the region at the time left what had been a rural population with insufficient infrastruc-ture to meet the needs of the growing city. The steadfast response of these leaders to remedy this situation rep-resents the determination and inge-nuity that the Indy Chamber continues to exhibit today. 
The 1912 merger of this group with 
like-minded business organizations, in-cluding the Manufacturers, Trade and Merchants Associations, became what is today known as the Indy Chamber. While the economic landscape has changed significantly, the Indy Cham-ber of today stays true to its earliest vision of boosting area businesses and growing industry and investment throughout the Indianapolis area. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE6.057 S26FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1156 February 26, 2015 
With a bold civic agenda, Colonel 
Lilly and the early founders of the Indy Chamber invested their efforts in building up its membership and in-creasing the quality of life for resi-dents and businesses alike—including advocating for better roadways so citi-zens and visitors could easily travel to their jobs and places of leisure; pro-viding relief programs for citizens hit by economic depression; and serving as an adviser to elected and appointed of-ficials on issues addressed at all levels of governing. 
In 2013, the Indy Chamber merged 
with three area economic development organizations—Indy Partnership, De-velop Indy, and Business Ownership Initiative—putting an even greater em-phasis on the organization’s mission to strengthen the metro economy. Today, the Indy Chamber’s commitment to urban and rural metro strength can be seen in the ever-expanding resources they offer to large corporations and en-trepreneurial startups alike. 
As a leading advocate for business in 
the Indy area today, the Indy Cham-ber’s mission remains true to its roots while at the same time adapting to ac-commodate the ever-growing landscape of today’s business world. Their core mission includes keeping a keen eye on education and workforce development, supporting strong, fiscally responsible governing, and investment in regional infrastructure including roads and wa-terways—all areas that have an im-mense impact on the region’s ability to attract jobs, talent, and capital. 
On behalf of the citizens of Indiana, I 
sincerely congratulate each and every member of the Indianapolis Chamber of Commerce team on their 125th anniver-sary, and I wish them continued suc-cess and growth in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ED GUTHRIE 
∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today I 
wish to recognize Ed Guthrie, execu-tive director at Opportunity Village, for his tireless efforts to enhance the lives of those around him. Mr. Guthrie has dedicated 20 years to working for Opportunity Village, helping thousands with disabilities. The organization gives students a positive social envi-ronment and provides support to fami-lies and loved ones. Mr. Guthrie has contributed greatly to the city of Las Vegas by working to make Opportunity Village the best it can be. 
He stands as a shining example of 
someone who has devoted his life to the betterment of others. Throughout his 20 years with Opportunity Village, Guthrie has grown the organization to be recognized internationally, receiv-ing numerous awards. It was named one of the country’s top five rehabilita-tion service providers in the United States by the Social Security Adminis-tration and was distinguished as Las Vegas’ Best Community Organization. 
Mr. Guthrie has had great influence 
in expanding the facilities over the years, pushing to open the Walters Family Campus of Opportunity Village 
and the North Campus of Opportunity Village. I have personally taken a tour of the Ralph and Betty Engelstad Cam-pus and witnessed the importance of space specifically laid out for the needs of the organization. Opportunity Vil-lage now has three employment train-ing center campuses and a thrift store, and it services 1,990 people every day. Mr. Guthrie’s dedication to these stu-dents and families is without limit and stands as a pristine example of selfless-ness. 
Opportunity Village offers vocational 
training, community employment, day services, advocacy, arts, and social recreation, creating a productive envi-ronment for those who participate. This gives students the opportunity to create friendships and pursue independ-ence to become part of the local com-munity. I have seen firsthand, after at-tending Opportunity Village events such as the 10th annual Job Discovery Program graduation ceremony and hosting meetings with Mr. Guthrie, the positive atmosphere that the organiza-tion offers to the community. 
I extend my deepest gratitude to Mr. 
Guthrie for his noble contributions to the Las Vegas community and to the individuals that have benefited from Opportunity Village. His service to Ne-vada places him among the out-standing men and women of the State. 
Today, I ask my colleagues and all 
Nevadans to join me in recognizing Mr. Guthrie and his work for Opportunity Village, a program with a mission that is both honorable and necessary. I wish the program the best of luck in all of its future endeavors. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DAVID MORTON 
∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today I 
congratulate David Morton on his re-tirement after 26 years of service with the Housing Authority of the City of Reno. It gives me great pleasure to rec-ognize the years of hard work and dedi-cation he has committed to the City of Reno and the Silver State. 
Mr. Morton earned his bachelor of 
arts from Auburn University in Ala-bama and then went on to complete his graduate studies in history and polit-ical science at Vanderbilt University in Nashville, TN. Upon completion of his studies, Mr. Morton began his career as a community organization officer at the Metropolitan Development and Housing Agency in Nashville. After 20 years of working for two successful housing agencies in Nashville and Dal-las, TX, Mr. Morton moved to the city of Reno to utilize his experience in a new location, benefitting the great State of Nevada. His work within the community shines as an outstanding example of true commitment to bettering the State. 
During his tenure, Mr. Morton also 
served as president of the Public Hous-ing Authorities Directors Association, secretary and treasurer of the board of directors of the Housing Authorities Risk Retention Pool, trustee of the 
Legislative Committee for the Public Housing Authorities Directors Associa-tion, and member of the Housing Com-mittee for the National Association of Housing and Redevelopment Officials. His work throughout these many orga-nizations demonstrates his dedication to honorably representing Nevada on a larger scale. He currently serves as president of the Washoe Affordable Housing Corporation, which admin-isters project-based contracts with the Department of Housing and Urban De-velopment for the State of Nevada. Al-though he is retiring, his legacy within these organizations will continue for years to come. 
The Reno community has greatly 
benefitted from the hard work of Mr. Morton. He exemplifies the highest standards of leadership and community service and should be proud of his long and meaningful career. Today, I ask that all of my colleagues join me in congratulating David Morton on his re-tirement, and I offer my deepest appre-ciation for all that he has done to make Nevada an even better place. I offer my best wishes for many success-ful and fulfilling years to come. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING DARRELL’S 
∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, in many 
cases small businesses are the best rep-resentatives of their communities. If you were to ask folks from Lake Charles, LA for the best po-boy in town, locals would agree that Darrell’s is the spot to be. All about great food and good times, Darrell’s has provided its patrons with genuine Louisiana fare for over 30 years, which is why Darrell’s is this week’s Small Business of the Week. 
Open Monday through Saturday, 
Darrell’s has become a staple in the Lake Charles community and the sur-rounding southwest Louisiana area. A go-to for locals of all ages and walks of life, Darrell’s menu includes mouth- watering po-boys piled high with a va-riety of fresh, delicious Louisiana in-gredients. Most popular on the menu is the Darrell’s Special po-boy, which comes piled high with fresh-sliced ham, turkey, and roast beef cooked in and covered with homemade roast beef gravy. Locals would recommend adding a schmear of Darrell’s own jalapeno mayo, a side of chips, and an ice-cold glass of sweet tea. Darrell’s has also upped the ante with baking their crusty French bread in-house and serv-ing a specialty barbeque sauce. Darrell’s also takes advantage of Lou-isiana’s successful seafood industry by serving up a spicy Cajun shrimp po-boy option. It is always great to see local establishments tap into the rich re-sources our State has to offer because that is when we begin to see economic growth across the board. 
Beyond mouth-watering po-boys, 
Darrell’s also serves as a local water-ing-hole where customers can enjoy a cold beverage while cheering on their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26FE6.001 S26FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1157 February 26, 2015 
favorite sports team. After the dinner 
rush, Darrell’s turns into a full-service bar. It even stays open until 2 a.m. on Tuesdays to accommodate their loyal patrons. The Southwest Louisiana community was saddened by the pass-ing of the original beloved owner Dar-rell Derouen in 2013. However, his wife Susie Derouen proudly continues the family tradition of quality food, serv-ice, and authenticity at the famous Lake Charles location. 
Establishments like Darrell’s are 
vital members of their communities and are well-deserving of our continued support and encouragement as they grow and thrive. Congratulations again to Darrell’s, Small Business of the Week, for 30 years of service to the Lake Charles community. I wish you continued success, great food, and good times in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT 
Messages from the President of the 
United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED 
As in executive session the Presiding 
Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. 
(The messages received today are 
printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
At 11:42 a.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 529. An act to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to improve 529 plans. 
H.R. 1020. An act to define STEM education 
to include computer science, and to support existing STEM education programs at the National Science Foundation. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED 
The following bill was read the first 
and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 1020. An act to define STEM education 
to include computer science, and to support existing STEM education programs at the National Science Foundation; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER 
COMMUNICATIONS 
The following communications were 
laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–708. A communication from the Presi-
dent of the United States, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the Economic Report of the 
President together with the 2015 Annual Re-port of the Council of Economic Advisers; to the Joint Economic Committee. 
EC–709. A communication from the Federal 
Register Liaison Officer, Alcohol and To-bacco Tax and Trade Bureau, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establishment of The Rocks District of Milton-Freewater Viticultural Area’’ (RIN1513–AC05) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 20, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–710. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Removal of Special Federal Aviation Regulation No. 87—Prohibition Against Certain Flights Within the Territory and Airspace of Ethi-opia’’ (RIN2120–AK59) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–711. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Automatic Dependent Surveillance - Broadcast (ADS— B) Out Performance Requirements to Sup-port Air Traffic Control (ATC) Service; Tech-nical Amendment’’ (RIN2120–AI92) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 20, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–712. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Empresa Brasileira de Aeronautica S.A. (Embraer) Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0622)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–713. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Rolls Royce Corporation Turboprop and Turboshaft Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2011–0961)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–714. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0173)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 20, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–715. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–0082)) received during adjournment of the Senate 
in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–716. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of 
Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0231)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–717. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0188)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–718. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Dassault Aviation Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2014–0527)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 20, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–719. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0525)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 20, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–720. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–0079)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 20, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–721. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2014–0624)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 20, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–722. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Technify Motors GmbH (Type Certificate Previously Held by Thielert Aircraft Engines GmbH) Recipro-cating Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2010–0683)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–723. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0230)) received 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:01 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26FE6.017 S26FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1158 February 26, 2015 
during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-
fice of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 20, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–724. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Viking Air Limited Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–0096)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 20, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–725. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Costruzioni Aeronautiche Tecnam srl Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0876)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–726. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–0078)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 20, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–727. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0146)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–728. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0750)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–729. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Helicopters (formerly Eurocopter France)’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Dock-et No. FAA–2015–0133)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–730. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–0142)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 20, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–731. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-
ness Directives; Agusta S.p.A. (Type Certifi-cate Currently Held By AgustaWestland S.p.A.) (Agusta) Helicopters’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0465)) received 
during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 20, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–732. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–0087)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 20, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–733. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Sikorsky Aircraft Corpora-tion Helicopters’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2009–1088)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on February 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–734. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2014–0344)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 20, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–735. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Rolls-Royce plc (RR) Tur-bofan Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2007–28059)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on February 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–736. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Rolls-Royce Corporation Turboprop and Turbofan Engines (Type Cer-tificate previously held by Allison Engine Company)’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0462)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–737. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Quest Aircraft Design, LLC Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–0099)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–738. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Lycoming Engines Recipro-cating Engines (Type Certificate previously 
held by Textron Lycoming Division, AVCO Corporation)’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0540)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President 
of the Senate on February 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–739. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0446)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–740. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2014–0138)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 20, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–741. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (31); Amdt. No. 3625’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–742. A communication from the Man-
agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (172); Amdt. No. 3626’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–743. A communication from the Deputy 
Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Pro-grams, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act Provisions; Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; North-east Groundfish Fishery; Framework Adjust-ment 52’’ (RIN0648–BE22) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 18, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–744. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Reef Fish Fishery of the Gulf of Mexico; 2015 Recreational Accountability Measures for Gray Triggerfish in the Gulf of Mexico; Reduced Annual Catch Limit and Annual Catch Target and Closure’’ (RIN0648–XD723) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–745. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE6.008 S26FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1159 February 26, 2015 
Off Alaska; Atka Mackerel in the Bering Sea 
and Aleutian Islands Management Area’’ (RIN0648–XD747) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on February 20, 2015; to 
the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–746. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Atka Mackerel in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area’’ (RIN0648–XD750) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on February 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–747. A communication from the Assist-
ant Administrator for Fisheries, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Com-merce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Car-ibbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; Coastal Migratory Pelagic Resources in the Gulf of Mexico and Atlantic Region; Amend-ment 20B’’ (RIN0648–BD86) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–748. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod by Catcher Vessels Less Than 60 Feet (18.3 Meters) Length Over-all Using Hook-and-Line or Pot Gear in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Manage-ment Area’’ (RIN0648–XD749) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–749. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; 2015 Commercial Ac-countability Measure and Closure for Coastal Migratory Pelagic Resources of the Gulf of Mexico and South Atlantic’’ (RIN0648–XD709) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–750. A communication from the Census 
Bureau Federal Register Liaison Officer, Census Bureau, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Foreign Trade Regulations (FTR): Clarification on Uses of Electronic Export Information’’ (RIN0607–AA52) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 18, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–751. A communication from the Chief 
Counsel, Saint Lawrence Seaway Develop-ment Corporation, Department of Transpor-tation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Seaway Regulations and Rules: Periodic Update, Various Cat-egories’’ (RIN2135–AA36) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–752. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; San Diego Crew Clas-sic; Mission Bay, CA’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2014–1063)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office 
of the President of the Senate on February 18, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–753. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; Bradenton Area Riverwalk Regatta; Manatee River, Bra-denton, FL’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2014–0905)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on February 18, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–754. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘MARPOL Annex I Amendments’’ ((RIN1625– AB57) (Docket No. USCG–2010–0194)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 18, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–755. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Triathlon National Champion-ships, Milwaukee Harbor, Milwaukee, Wis-consin’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2014–0751)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 18, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–756. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Moving Security Zone; Escorted Vessels; MM 90.0—106.0, Lower Mississippi River; New Orleans, LA’’ ((RIN1625–AA87) (Docket No. USCG–2014–0995)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on February 18, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–757. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Ves-sel Requirements for Notices of Arrival and Departure, and Automatic Identification System’’ ((RIN1625–AA99) (Docket No. USCG–2005–21869)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on February 18, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–758. A communication from the Attor-
ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Re-vision of Auxiliary Regulations’’ ((RIN1625– AB66) (Docket No. USCG–1999–6712)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 18, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–759. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Temporary Exemption from the Re-quirement of a Tolerance’’ (FRL No. 9922–53) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 18, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–760. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Fomesafen; Pesticide Tolerance’’ (FRL No. 9922–82) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-
dent of the Senate on February 18, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–761. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Dimethenamid; Pesticide Toler-ances’’ (FRL No. 9922–08) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 18, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–762. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Bacillus subtilis strain IAB/BS03; Ex-emption from the Requirement of a Toler-ance’’ (FRL No. 9920–62) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 18, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–763. A communication from the Chair-
man, Broadcasting Board of Governors, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to a violation of the Antideficiency Act; to the Committee on Appropriations. 
EC–764. A communication from the Assist-
ant Director, Senior Executive Management Office, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy in the position of Assistant Secretary of Defense (Operational Energy, Plans and Programs), Department of Defense, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 18, 2015; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–765. A communication from the Assist-
ant Director, Senior Executive Management Office, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy in the position of Assistant Secretary of Defense (Reserve Affairs), Department of Defense, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 18, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. 
EC–766. A communication from the Assist-
ant Director, Senior Executive Management Office, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy in the position of General Counsel of the Department of the Army, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 20, 2015; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–767. A communication from the Under 
Secretary of Defense (Acquisition, Tech-nology, and Logistics), transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a report entitled, ‘‘Report to Con-gress on Fiscal Year 2016 Staff Years of Tech-nical Effort and Estimated Funding for De-partment of Defense Federally Funded Re-search and Development Centers’’; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–768. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Defense, transmitting a report on the approved retirement of Lieutenant Gen-eral Patricia E. McQuistion, United States Army, and her advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–769. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 14–146); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–770. A communication from the General 
Counsel, Pension Benefit Guaranty Corpora-tion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Benefits Payable in Terminated Single-Employer Plans; Interest Assumptions for Paying Benefits’’ (29 CFR 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE6.009 S26FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1160 February 26, 2015 
Part 4022) received during adjournment of 
the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 20, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–771. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Education, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘U.S. Department of Education Fiscal Year 2014 Annual Perform-ance Report and Fiscal Year 2016 Annual Performance Plan’’; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–772. A communication from the Acting 
Assistant Secretary, Office of Legislation and Congressional Affairs, Department of Education, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘U.S. Department of Edu-cation Fiscal Year 2014 Annual Performance Report and Fiscal Year 2016 Annual Perform-ance Plan’’; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–773. A communication from the Chief 
Information Security Officer, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Department’s 2014 Federal Infor-mation Security Management Act (FISMA) and Agency Privacy Management Report; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–774. A communication from the Chair-
man, Merit Systems Protection Board, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report enti-tled ‘‘U.S. Merit Systems Protection Board Annual Performance Report for FY 2014 and Annual Performance Plan for FY 2015 (Final) and FY 2016 (Proposed)’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–775. A communication from the Assist-
ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the second quarter of fiscal year 2014 quarterly report of the De-partment of Justice’s Office of Privacy and Civil Liberties; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 
EC–776. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Revisions to the Air Emissions Re-porting Requirements: Revisions to Lead (Pb) Reporting Threshold and Clarifications to Technical Reporting Details’’ ((RIN2060– AR29) (FRL No. 9922–27–OAR)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 18, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–777. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘New Source Performance Standards and National Emission Standards for Haz-ardous Air Pollutants; Delegation of Author-ity to Albuquerque-Bernalillo County Air Quality Control Board’’ (FRL No. 9923–05–Re-gion 6) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 18, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–778. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Texas; Revision to Control of Air Pollution from Volatile Organic Com-pounds; Alternative Leak Detection and Re-pair Work Practice’’ (FRL No. 9923–24–Re-gion 6) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 18, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–779. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-
titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Illinois; VOM Definition’’ (FRL No. 9921–44–Region 5) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 18, 2015; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. 
EC–780. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Attainment Redesignation for Missouri Portion of the St. Louis MO–IL Area; 1997 8-Hour Ozone Standard and Associ-ated Maintenance Plan’’ (FRL No. 9923–14– Region 7) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 18, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–781. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Texas; Emissions Inven-tories for the Dallas-Fort Worth and Hous-ton-Galveston-Brazoria Ozone Nonattain-ment Areas’’ (FRL No. 9923–19–Region 6) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 18, 2015; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. 
EC–782. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Magnuson-Stevens Act Provisions; Fish-eries Off West Coast States; Pacific Coast Groundfish Fishery; Pacific Whiting Alloca-tions and Fishery Closure; Pacific Whiting Seasons’’ (RIN0648–XD640) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 20, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–783. A communication from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to Iran as declared in Executive Order 12957 of March 15, 1995; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–784. A communication from the Chair-
man and President of the Export-Import Bank, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port relative to a transaction involving U.S. exports to Turkey; to the Committee on Banking , Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–785. A communication from the Chair-
man and President of the Export-Import Bank, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port relative to a transaction involving U.S. exports to Vietnam; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–786. A communication from the Assist-
ant Director for Regulatory Affairs, Office of Foreign Assets Control, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Sudanese Sanc-tions Regulations’’ (31 CFR Part 538) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 18, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–787. A communication from the Sec-
retary, Division of Trading and Markets, Se-curities and Exchange Commission, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Regulation SBSR—Reporting and Dissemination of Security-Based Swap Infor-mation’’ (RIN3235–AK80) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 13, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–788. A communication from the Sec-
retary, Division of Trading and Markets, Se-curities and Exchange Commission, trans-
mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Security-Based Swap Data Reposi-tory Registration, Duties, and Core Prin-ciples’’ (RIN3235–AK79) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 13, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–789. A communication from the Chair 
of the Board of Governors, Federal Reserve System, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Board’s semiannual Monetary Policy Report to Congress; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF 
COMMITTEES 
The following executive reports of 
nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. THUNE for the Committee on Com-
merce, Science, and Transportation. 
*Tho Dinh-Zarr, of Texas, to be a Member 
of the National Transportation Safety Board for the remainder of the term expiring De-cember 31, 2018. 
*Carlos A. Monje, Jr., of Louisiana, to be 
an Assistant Secretary of Transportation. 
*Manson K. Brown, of the District of Co-
lumbia, to be an Assistant Secretary of Com-merce. 
*William P. Doyle, of Pennsylvania, to be 
a Federal Maritime Commissioner for a term expiring June 30, 2018. 
*Christopher A. Hart, of Colorado, to be 
Chairman of the National Transportation Safety Board for a term of two years. 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, for the 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation I report favorably the following nomination list which was printed in the R
ECORD on the date indi-
cated, and ask unanimous consent, to save the expense of reprinting on the Executive Calendar that this nomina-tion lie at the Secretary’s desk for the information of Senators. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Coast Guard nominations beginning with 
George F. Adams and ending with Andrew H. Zuckerman, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD on January 26, 2015. 
By Mr. GRASSLEY for the Committee on 
the Judiciary. 
Loretta E. Lynch, of New York, to be At-
torney General. 
Michelle K. Lee, of California, to be Under 
Secretary of Commerce for Intellectual Property and Director of the United States Patent and Trademark Office. 
Alfred H. Bennett, of Texas, to be United 
States District Judge for the Southern Dis-trict of Texas. 
George C. Hanks, Jr., of Texas, to be 
United States District Judge for the South-ern District of Texas. 
Jill N. Parrish, of Utah, to be United 
States District Judge for the District of Utah. 
Jose Rolando Olvera, Jr., of Texas, to be 
United States District Judge for the South-ern District of Texas. 
Nancy B. Firestone, of Virginia, to be a 
Judge of the United States Court of Federal Claims for a term of fifteen years. 
Thomas L. Halkowski, of Pennsylvania, to 
be a Judge of the United States Court of Fed-eral Claims for a term of fifteen years. 
Patricia M. McCarthy, of Maryland, to be a 
Judge of the United States Court of Federal Claims for a term of fifteen years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE6.010 S26FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1161 February 26, 2015 
Jeri Kaylene Somers, of Virginia, to be a 
Judge of the United States Court of Federal Claims for a term of fifteen years. 
Armando Omar Bonilla, of the District of 
Columbia, to be a Judge of the United States Court of Federal Claims for a term of fifteen years. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-
ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. 
(Nominations without an asterisk 
were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. TOOMEY (for himself and Mr. 
WARNER ): 
S. 576. A bill to increase the threshold for 
disclosures required by the Securities and Exchange Commission relating to compen-satory benefit plans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Mr. TOOMEY (for himself, Mrs. 
F
EINSTEIN , and Mr. F LAKE ): 
S. 577. A bill to amend the Clean Air Act to 
eliminate the corn ethanol mandate for re-newable fuel; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. 
By Ms. COLLINS (for herself and Mr. 
S
CHUMER ): 
S. 578. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to ensure more timely access to home health services for Medicare beneficiaries under the Medicare program; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mrs. 
M
CCASKILL , and Mr. J OHNSON ): 
S. 579. A bill to amend the Inspector Gen-
eral Act of 1978 to strengthen the independ-ence of the Inspectors General, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. 
By Mr. WHITEHOUSE: 
S. 580. A bill to include community part-
ners and intermediaries in the planning and delivery of education and related programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. WHITEHOUSE: 
S. 581. A bill to provide grants to States to 
ensure that all students in the middle grades are taught an academically rigorous cur-riculum with effective supports so that stu-dents complete the middle grades prepared for success in secondary school and postsec-ondary endeavors, to improve State and dis-trict policies and programs relating to the academic achievement of students in the middle grades, to develop and implement ef-fective middle grades models for struggling students, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. WICKER (for himself, Mr. R
OB-
ERTS , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. 
BOOZMAN , Mr. B URR, Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. 
COATS , Mr. C OCHRAN , Mr. C ORKER , Mr. 
CORNYN , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. 
CRUZ, Mr. D AINES , Mr. E NZI, Mrs. 
ERNST , Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. F LAKE , Mr. 
GRAHAM , Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. H OEVEN , 
Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. 
LANKFORD , Mr. L EE, Mr. M CCAIN, Mr. 
MORAN , Mr. P AUL, Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. 
PORTMAN , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. R UBIO, Mr. SCOTT, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. 
VITTER , Mr. S ASSE, and Mr. S HELBY ): 
S. 582. A bill to prohibit taxpayer funded 
abortions; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. RISCH: 
S. 583. A bill to establish certain wilder-
ness areas in central Idaho and to authorize various land conveyances involving National Forest System land and Bureau of Land Management land in central Idaho, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. THUNE (for himself and Mr. 
W
ARNER ): 
S. 584. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide the option to receive Medicare Summary Notices elec-tronically, to increase the flexibility and transparency of contracts with medicare ad-ministrative contractors, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. MARKEY (for himself, Mr. 
F
RANKEN , Mr. S ANDERS , and Mrs. 
BOXER ): 
S. 585. A bill to amend the Natural Gas Act 
with respect to the exportation of natural gas, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. 
By Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Ms. 
C
OLLINS , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. M ARKEY , 
Mr. K IRK, Ms. A YOTTE , Mrs. B OXER , 
Mr. N ELSON , Mr. D ONNELLY , Mr. C AR-
PER, Mr. B OOKER , Mr. G RASSLEY , and 
Mr. P ETERS ): 
S. 586. A bill to amend the Public Health 
Service Act to foster more effective imple-mentation and coordination of clinical care for people with pre-diabetes, diabetes, and the chronic diseases and conditions that re-sult from diabetes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. 
P
ETERS ): 
S. 587. A bill to amend title 10, United 
States Code, to require the Secretary of De-fense to use only human-based methods for training members of the Armed Forces in the treatment of severe combat injuries, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. N
EL-
SON, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. M ARKEY , 
and Ms. K LOBUCHAR ): 
S. 588. A bill to require the Consumer Prod-
uct Safety Commission to establish a con-sumer product safety standard for liquid de-tergent packets to protect children under the age of five from injury or illness, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Ms. STABENOW (for herself, Mr. 
P
ORTMAN , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. P ETERS , 
Ms. B ALDWIN , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. 
FRANKEN , and Mr. S CHUMER ): 
S. 589. A bill to provide an immediate 
measure to control the spread of aquatic nui-sance species from the Mississippi River basin to the Great Lakes basin and to inform long-term measures to prevent the Interbasin transfer of aquatic nuisance spe-cies; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
By Mrs. M
CCASKILL (for herself, Mr. 
HELLER , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. 
GRASSLEY , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Ms. 
AYOTTE , Mr. W ARNER , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. 
PETERS , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE , Mr. B LUNT , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. 
REED, Ms. S TABENOW , and Mrs. S HA-
HEEN ): 
S. 590. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-
cation Act of 1965 and the Jeanne Clery Dis-closure of Campus Security Policy and Cam-pus Crime Statistics Act to combat campus sexual violence, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. BLUNT (for himself, Mr. S
CHU-
MER, Mr. D AINES , and Mr. C ARDIN ): 
S. 591. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to permanently extend the new markets tax credit, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. RUBIO (for himself, Mr. H
EIN-
RICH, and Mr. U DALL ): 
S. 592. A bill to improve the transition be-
tween experimental permits and commercial licenses for commercial reusable launch ve-hicles; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. BARRASSO (for himself and 
Mr. S
CHATZ ): 
S. 593. A bill to require the Secretary of 
the Interior to submit to Congress a report on the efforts of the Bureau of Reclamation to manage its infrastructure assets; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. DONNELLY (for himself, Mr. 
C
RUZ, Mr. B LUNT , and Mr. L EAHY ): 
S. 594. A bill to establish a tiered hiring 
preference for members of the reserve com-ponents of the Armed Forces; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
By Mr. COTTON (for himself and Mr. 
B
OOZMAN ): 
S. 595. A bill to amend the Migratory Bird 
Treaty Act to prohibit baiting exemptions on certain land; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. 
By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself and 
Mrs. B
OXER ): 
S. 596. A bill to amend the Federal Water 
Pollution Control Act to establish a grant program to support the restoration of San Francisco Bay; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. 
By Mr. TILLIS: 
S. 597. A bill to amend section 706 of the 
Telecommunications Act of 1996 to provide that such section does not authorize the Fed-eral Communications Commission to pre-empt the laws of certain States relating to the regulation of municipal broadband, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. 
C
RAPO , and Mr. N ELSON ): 
S. 598. A bill to improve the understanding 
of, and promote access to treatment for, chronic kidney disease, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. 
T
OOMEY , and Ms. C OLLINS ): 
S. 599. A bill to extend and expand the 
Medicaid emergency psychiatric demonstra-tion project; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself, Mr. 
H
OEVEN , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. R ISCH, 
Mr. B LUNT , and Mr. S CHATZ ): 
S. 600. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Energy to establish an energy efficiency ret-
rofit pilot program; to the Committee on En-ergy and Natural Resources. 
By Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself and Mr. 
K
AINE): 
S. 601. A bill to direct Federal investment 
in carbon capture and storage and other clean coal technologies, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. 
B
OOZMAN ): 
S. 602. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to consider certain time spent by members of reserve components of the Armed Forces while receiving medical care from the Secretary of Defense as active duty for purposes of eligibility for Post-9/11 Edu-cational Assistance, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. TESTER (for himself and Mrs. 
M
URRAY ): 
S. 603. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to make permanent the author-ity of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE6.006 S26FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1162 February 26, 2015 
transport individuals to and from facilities 
of the Department of Veterans Affairs in connection with rehabilitation, counseling, examination, treatment, and care, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. TESTER (for himself and Mr. 
N
ELSON ): 
S. 604. A bill to reauthorize and improve a 
grant program to assist institutions of high-er education in establishing, maintaining, improving, and operating Veteran Student Centers; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. 
By Mr. BENNET (for himself and Mr. 
S
CHATZ ): 
S. 605. A bill to amend the Elementary and 
Secondary Education Act of 1965 to invest in innovation for education; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. TESTER (for himself and Mr. 
S
CHATZ ): 
S. 606. A bill to extend the right of appeal 
to the Merit Systems Protection Board to certain employees of the United States Post-al Service; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Mr. 
COCHRAN , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. I SAK-
SON, Mr. D URBIN , Ms. M URKOWSKI , 
Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. 
PAUL, Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. C OONS , Mr. 
PORTMAN , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. M UR-
PHY, Mr. W ICKER , Ms. A YOTTE , Mr. 
BURR, Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. R EED, Mr. 
PERDUE , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. P ETERS , and 
Mr. S ASSE): 
S. Res. 88. A resolution celebrating Black 
History Month; considered and agreed to. 
By Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. 
MERKLEY ): 
S. Res. 89. A resolution congratulating the 
Oregon Shakespeare Festival on its 80th year; considered and agreed to. 
By Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI , Mrs. C APITO , Ms. H EITKAMP , 
Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. 
DURBIN , Ms. W ARREN , Mrs. B OXER , 
Ms. S TABENOW , Ms. M IKULSKI , Ms. 
CANTWELL , Ms. C OLLINS , Ms. A YOTTE , 
Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mrs. M URRAY , Mrs. 
FISCHER , and Ms. K LOBUCHAR ): 
S. Res. 90. A resolution designating Feb-
ruary 2015 as ‘‘American Heart Month’’ and February 6, 2015, as ‘‘National Wear Red Day’’; considered and agreed to. 
By Ms. COLLINS (for herself, Mr. 
R
EED, and Mr. D URBIN ): 
S. Res. 91. A resolution designating March 
2, 2015, as ‘‘Read Across America Day’’; con-sidered and agreed to. 
By Mr. M
CCAIN (for himself and Mr. 
REID): 
S. Con. Res. 6. A concurrent resolution ex-
pressing the sense of Congress that John Ar-thur ‘‘Jack’’ Johnson should receive a post-humous pardon for the racially motivated conviction in 1913 that diminished the ath-letic, cultural, and historic significance of Jack Johnson and unduly tarnished his rep-utation; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 141 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the 
name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 141, a bill to repeal the 
provisions of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act providing for the Independent Payment Advisory Board. 
S. 153 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the 
name of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 153, a bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to authorize additional visas for well-edu-cated aliens to live and work in the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 166 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the 
names of the Senator from Rhode Is-land (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) and the Senator 
from Utah (Mr. H ATCH ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 166, a bill to stop ex-ploitation through trafficking. 
S. 207 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
names of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ) and the Senator from 
North Dakota (Ms. H EITKAMP ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 207, a bill to require the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs to use existing authorities to fur-nish health care at non-Department of Veterans Affairs facilities to veterans who live more than 40 miles driving distance from the closest medical facil-ity of the Department that furnishes the care sought by the veteran, and for other purposes. 
S. 226 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, the name 
of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 226, a bill to amend chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, to provide that major rules of the executive branch shall have no force or effect unless a joint resolution of approval is enacted into law. 
S. 233 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name 
of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
233, a bill to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to provide com-pensatory time for employees in the private sector. 
S. 235 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 235, a bill to provide for wild-fire suppression operations, and for other purposes. 
S. 258 
At the request of Mr. R OBERTS , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
258, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to remove the 96- hour physician certification require-ment for inpatient critical access hos-pital services. 
S. 262 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the 
names of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ), the Senator from 
Hawaii (Ms. H IRONO ), the Senator from 
Wisconsin (Ms. B ALDWIN ) and the Sen-ator from Connecticut (Mr. M URPHY ) 
were added as cosponsors of S. 262, a bill to reauthorize the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 271 
At the request of Mr. R EID, the 
names of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) and the Senator 
from Maryland (Ms. M IKULSKI ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 271, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to permit certain retired members of the uniformed services who have a service- connected disability to receive both disability compensation from the De-partment of Veterans Affairs for their disability and either retired pay by reason of their years of military serv-ice or Combat-Related Special Com-pensation, and for other purposes. 
S. 298 
At the request of Mr. B ENNET , the 
name of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 298, a bill to amend titles XIX and XXI of the Social Security Act to provide States with the option of providing services to children with medically complex conditions under the Medicaid program and Children’s Health Insurance Program through a care coordination program focused on improving health outcomes for chil-dren with medically complex condi-tions and lowering costs, and for other purposes. 
S. 338 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the name 
of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D ON-
NELLY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
338, a bill to permanently reauthorize the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
S. 358 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 358, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to ensure that women members of the Armed Forces and their families have access to the con-traception they need in order to pro-mote the health and readiness of all members of the Armed Forces, and for other purposes. 
S. 371 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the 
name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 371, a bill to remove a limitation on a prohibition relating to permits for discharges incidental to normal oper-ation of vessels. 
S. 388 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the 
name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V
ITTER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 388, a bill to amend the Animal Welfare Act to require humane treat-ment of animals by Federal Govern-ment facilities. 
S. 396 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the 
names of the Senator from Rhode Is-land (Mr. R
EED) and the Senator from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE6.015 S26FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1163 February 26, 2015 
Hawaii (Mr. S CHATZ ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 396, a bill to establish the Proprietary Education Oversight Coordination Committee. 
S. 431 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the 
name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 431, a bill to permanently extend the Internet Tax Freedom Act. 
S. 474 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the 
names of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) and the Senator from Ne-
vada (Mr. H ELLER ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 474, a bill to require State educational agencies that receive funding under the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 to have in effect policies and procedures on back-ground checks for school employees. 
S. 498 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the 
name of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 498, a bill to allow reciprocity for the carrying of certain concealed fire-arms. 
S. 517 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 517, a bill to extend the secure rural schools and community self-de-termination program, to restore man-datory funding status to the payment in lieu of taxes program, and for other purposes. 
S. 524 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , 
the name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 524, a bill to authorize the Attorney General to award grants to address the national epidemics of pre-scription opioid abuse and heroin use. 
S. 532 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , 
the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 532, a bill to improve highway-rail grade crossing safety, and for other purposes. 
S. 546 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the 
name of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 546, a bill to establish the Railroad Emergency Services Pre-paredness, Operational Needs, and Safety Evaluation (RESPONSE) Sub-committee under the Federal Emer-gency Management Agency’s National Advisory Council to provide rec-ommendations on emergency responder training and resources relating to haz-ardous materials incidents involving railroads, and for other purposes. 
S. 554 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ), the Senator from 
California (Mrs. F EINSTEIN ), the Sen-
ator from New Jersey (Mr. B OOKER ), 
the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) and the Senator from Massa-chusetts (Mr. M ARKEY ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 554, a bill to provide for the compensation of Federal em-ployees affected by a lapse in appro-priations. 
S. 568 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the 
names of the Senator from Rhode Is-land (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ), the Senator 
from Connecticut (Mr. B LUMENTHAL ), 
the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ), the Senator from Minnesota 
(Mr. F RANKEN ) and the Senator from 
Virginia (Mr. K AINE) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 568, a bill to extend the trade adjustment assistance program, and for other purposes. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Ms. COLLINS (for herself and 
Mr. S CHUMER ): 
S. 578. A bill to amend title XVIII of 
the Social Security Act to ensure more timely access to home health services for Medicare beneficiaries under the Medicare program; to the Committee on Finance. 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I rise 
today on behalf of myself and Senator S
CHUMER to introduce legislation to en-
sure that our seniors and disabled citi-zens have timely access to home health services under the Medicare program. 
Nurse practitioners, physician assist-
ants, certified nurse midwives and clin-ical nurse specialists are all playing in-creasingly important roles in the deliv-ery of health care services, particularly in rural and medically underserved areas of our country where physicians may be in scarce supply. In recognition of their growing role, Congress, in 1997, authorized Medicare to begin paying for physician services provided by these health professionals as long as those services are within their scope of practice under State law. 
Despite their expanded role, these ad-
vanced practice registered nurses and physician assistants are currently un-able to order home health services for their Medicare patients. Under current law, only physicians are allowed to cer-tify or initiate home health care for Medicare patients, even though they may not be as familiar with the pa-tient’s case as the non-physician pro-vider. In fact, in many cases, the certi-fying physician may not even have a relationship with the patient and must rely upon the input of the nurse practi-tioner, physician assistant, clinical nurse specialist or certified nurse mid-wife to order the medically necessary home health care. At best, this require-ment adds more paperwork and a num-ber of unnecessary steps to the process before home health care can be pro-vided. At worst, it can lead to needless delays in getting Medicare patients the home health care they need simply be-cause a physician is not readily avail-able to sign the form. 
The inability of advanced practice 
registered nurses and physician assist-ants to order home health care is par-ticularly burdensome for Medicare 
beneficiaries in medically underserved areas, where these providers may be the only health care professionals available. For example, needed home health care was delayed by more than a week for a Medicare patient in Ne-vada because the physician assistant was the only health care professional serving the patient’s small town, and the supervising physician was located 60 miles away. 
A nurse practitioner told me about 
another case in which her collabo-
rating physician had just lost her fa-ther and was not available. As a con-sequence, the patient experienced a 2 day delay in getting needed care while they waited to get the paperwork signed by another physician. 
Another nurse practitioner pointed 
out that it is ridiculous that she can order physical and occupational ther-apy in a subacute facility but cannot order home health care. One of her pa-tients had to wait eleven days after being discharged before his physical and occupational therapy could con-tinue simply because the home health agency had difficulty finding a physi-cian to certify the continuation of the same therapy that the nurse practi-tioner had been able to authorize when the patient was in the facility. 
The Home Health Care Planning Im-
provement Act will help to ensure that our Medicare beneficiaries get the home health care that they need when they need it by allowing physician as-sistants, nurse practitioners, clinical nurse specialists and certified nurse midwives to order home health serv-ices. Our legislation is supported by a broad coalition of organizations, in-cluding the AARP, the National Coun-cil on Aging, the American Geriatrics Society, the National Association for Home Care and Hospice, the American Nurses Association, the American As-sociation of Nurse Practitioners, the American Academy of Physician As-sistants, the American College of Nurse Midwives, and the Visiting Nurse Asso-ciations of America. I urge my col-leagues to join us as cosponsors of this important legislation. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that a letter of support be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the material was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
FEBRUARY 25, 2015. 
Hon. S USAN COLLINS , 
U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. C
HUCK SCHUMER , 
U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. 
DEARSENATOR COLLINS AND SENATOR SCHU-
MER: Thank you for introducing the bipar-
tisan Home Health Care Planning Improve-ment Act of 2015. We, the undersigned groups, pledge our continued support of your efforts to obtain passage of this important legislation in the 114th Congress. As you know, the bill authorizes nurse practi-tioners, clinical nurse specialists, certified nurse-midwives and physician assistants as eligible health care professionals who can certify patient eligibility for home health care services under Medicare. This critical 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE6.017 S26FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1164 February 26, 2015 
change would improve access to important 
home health care services, and potentially prevent additional hospital, sub-acute care facility and nursing home admissions—all of which are costly to the consumer, the tax-
payer and Medicare. 
The undersigned organizations are com-
mitted to ensuring that consumers have ac-cess to health care providers who are quali-fied, educated, and certified to provide high quality primary care, chronic care manage-ment, and other services that keep them liv-ing a high quality life, with dignity, in loca-tions of their choice. 
Although current law has long recognized 
advanced practice registered nurses and phy-sician assistants as authorized Medicare pro-viders, and allows these clinicians to certify eligibility for nursing home care for their patients, it precludes these same practi-tioners from certifying patient eligibility for home health care services. This is an unnec-essary barrier to care and adds at least one more step in the process of accessing home health care services by requiring the pro-vider to find a physician to certify eligi-bility. In addition, time delays to locate a physician to certify eligibility, particularly in rural and underserved areas, can result in an extended hospital stay or nursing home admission because the beneficiary could not be moved back to or remain at home without home health care services. 
There are decades of data supporting the 
ability of these providers to deliver high quality care to people of all ages, including Medicare recipients with multiple chronic conditions. Advanced practice registered nurses are often the only care providers available in health professional shortage areas such as urban, rural, and frontier re-gions. Given the existing and future pro-jected primary care physician shortages, and the coming of increased numbers of Medicare eligible patients, the need will be even great-er for all qualified providers to be allowed to certify home health care eligibility. 
The Home Health Care Planning Improve-
ment Act would help to ensure that Medicare beneficiaries in need of home health care services whose providers are nurse practi-tioners, clinical nurse specialists, certified nurse midwives, and physician assistants would be able to directly access home health care by referral from their providers. This bill would provide beneficiaries continued access to care and increase the likelihood that they would experience better health and a higher quality of life. Additionally, outside experts assessed the impact of the bill ear-lier last year and projected a Medicare sav-ings of $7.1 million in 2015 and up to a ten- year savings of $252.6 million. This analysis also notes the potential to reduce bene-ficiary admissions to and lengths of stay in institutional settings under the policy change. 
We appreciate your continued leadership 
and are committed to working with you to ensure that this bipartisan legislation is passed and placed on the President’s desk for signature at the first opportunity. The time is now to ensure that patients have timely access to the quality, cost effective care they need. For any questions, please contact governmentaffairs@aanp.org or 703–740–2529. 
Thank you for your help. 
Sincerely, 
AARP, AFT Nurses and Health Profes-
sionals, AMDA-The Society for Post-Acute and Long-Term Care Medicine, Alzheimer’s Foundation of America, American Academy of Nursing, American Academy of Physician Assistants, American Association of Colleges of Nursing, American Association of Heart Failure Nurses, American Association of Nurse Practitioners, American Association of Occupational Health Nurses, American College of Nurse-Midwives, American Geri-
atrics Society, American Nephrology Nurses’ Association, American Nurses Association, American Organization of Nurse Executives. 
American Pediatric Surgical Nurses Asso-
ciation, American Psychiatric Nurses Asso-ciation, Association of Community Health Nursing Educators, Association of Public Health Nurses, Association of Rehabilitation Nurses, Center for Medicare Advocacy, Ge-rontological Advance Practice Nurses Asso-ciation, International Society of Psy-chiatric-Mental Health Nurses, The Jewish Federations of North America, Justice in Aging, Leading Age, Medicare Rights Center, National Academy of Elder Law Attorneys, National Association for Home Care & Hos-pice. 
National Association of Clinical Nurse 
Specialists, National Association of Neo-natal Nurses, National Association of Neo-natal Nurse Practitioners, National Associa-tion of Pediatric Nurse Practitioners, Na-tional Association of Professional Geriatric Care Managers, National Black Nurses Asso-ciation, National Committee to Preserve So-cial Security and Medicare, National Con-sumer Voice for Quality Long-Term Care, National Council on Aging, National Organi-zation of Nurse Practitioner Faculties, Orga-nization for Associate Degree Nursing, 
OWL—The Voice of Women 40+, Public Health Nursing Section, American Public Health Association, VNAA—The Visiting Nurse Associations of America, Women’s In-stitute for a Secure Retirement. 
By Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. 
NELSON , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. 
MARKEY , and Ms. K LOBUCHAR ): 
S. 588. A bill to require the Consumer 
Product Safety Commission to estab-lish a consumer product safety stand-ard for liquid detergent packets to pro-tect children under the age of five from injury or illness, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 588 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Detergent 
Poisoning And Child Safety Act of 2015’’ or the ‘‘Detergent PACS Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. SPECIAL PACKAGING AND OTHER RE-
QUIREMENTS FOR LIQUID DETER-GENT PACKETS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this Act: 
(1) C OMMISSION .—The term ‘‘Commission’’ 
means the Consumer Product Safety Com-mission. 
(2) C
ONSUMER PRODUCT .—The term ‘‘con-
sumer product’’ has the meaning given such term in section 3(a) of the Consumer Product Safety Act (15 U.S.C. 2052(a)). 
(3) D
ETERGENT PACKET .—The term ‘‘deter-
gent packet’’ means a consumer product that consists of a detergent enclosed in a water soluble outer layer. 
(4) L
IQUID DETERGENT PACKET .—The term 
‘‘liquid detergent packet’’ means a consumer product that consists of a substantially liq-uid or gel detergent enclosed in a water solu-ble outer layer. 
(5) S
PECIAL PACKAGING .—The term ‘‘special 
packaging’’ has the meaning given that term in section 2 of the Poison Prevention Pack-aging Act of 1970 (15 U.S.C. 1471). (b) S
AFETY STANDARDS REQUIRED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-
section (c)(1), not later than 540 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commission shall promulgate a final rule that establishes safety standards for liquid detergent packets to protect children who are younger than 5 years of age from injury or illness caused by exposure to such pack-ets. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The final rule promulgated 
under paragraph (1) shall— 
(A) require special packaging for liquid de-
tergent packets; 
(B) include standards to address the design 
and color of liquid detergent packets to— 
(i) make them less attractive to children; (ii) reduce the likelihood of exposure to de-
tergent; and 
(iii) otherwise reduce risks related to the 
ingestion or aspiration of, or ocular contact with, detergent and other potential injury risks of liquid detergent packets; 
(C) include standards to address the com-
position of liquid detergent packets to make the consequences of exposure less severe; and 
(D) prescribe warning labels that— (i) adequately inform consumers of the po-
tential risks of injury and death caused by liquid detergent packets; 
(ii) are conspicuous and visible at the point 
of sale; 
(iii) clarify hazard patterns, including 
known consequences of such hazards; and 
(iv) identify actions needed to avoid in-
jury. 
(3) T
REATMENT AS CONSUMER PRODUCT SAFE -
TY STANDARD .—A rule promulgated under 
paragraph (1) shall be treated as a consumer product safety standard described in section 7(a) of the Consumer Product Safety Act (15 U.S.C. 2056(a)). 
(4) R
ULEMAKING .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—A rule under paragraph 
(1) shall be promulgated in accordance with section 553 of title 5, United States Code. 
(B) I
NAPPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN REQUIRE -
MENTS .—Section 9 of the Consumer Product 
Safety Act (15 U.S.C. 2058) shall not apply to a rulemaking under paragraph (1). 
(c) A
DOPTION OF VOLUNTARY STANDARD .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subsection (b)(1) shall not 
apply if the Commission determines that— 
(A) a voluntary standard pertaining to liq-
uid detergent packets manufactured or im-ported for use in the United States protects children as described in subsection (b)(1); 
(B) such voluntary standard is or will be in 
effect not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act; and 
(C) such voluntary standard is developed 
by ASTM International Subcommittee F15.71 on Liquid Laundry Packets, or such other entity as the Commission considers a suc-cessor to ASTM International Subcommittee F15.71. 
(2) P
UBLICATION OF DETERMINATION .—If the 
Commission makes a determination under paragraph (1), the Commission shall publish such determination in the Federal Register. 
(3) T
REATMENT OF VOLUNTARY STANDARD .— 
If the Commission determines that a vol-untary standard meets the conditions in paragraph (1), such standard shall be treated as a consumer product safety standard de-scribed in section 7(a) of the Consumer Prod-uct Safety Act (15 U.S.C. 2056(a)) beginning on the date that is the later of— 
(A) the date that is 180 days after the date 
of the publication under paragraph (2) of such determination; or 
(B) the effective date specified in the vol-
untary standard. 
(4) R
EVISION OF VOLUNTARY STANDARD .— 
(A) N OTICE OF REVISION .—If a voluntary 
standard is treated as a consumer product safety standard under paragraph (3) and such standard is revised by ASTM International 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE6.021 S26FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1165 February 26, 2015 
after the Commission makes a determina-
tion under paragraph (1), ASTM Inter-national shall notify the Commission of such revision not later than 60 days after making such revision. 
(B) T
REATMENT OF REVISIONS .—A voluntary 
standard with respect to which the Commis-sion receives notice under subparagraph (A) shall be treated as a consumer product safe-ty standard described in section 7(a) of the Consumer Product Safety Act (15 U.S.C. 2056(a)), promulgated in lieu of the prior version, effective 180 days after the date the Commission is notified of the revision under subparagraph (A), unless not later than 90 days after receiving that notice the Commis-sion determines that the revised voluntary standard does not meet the requirements of paragraph (1)(A), in which case the Commis-sion shall continue to enforce the prior version. 
(d) F
UTURE RULEMAKING .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Commission may, at 
any time after promulgating a final rule 
under subsection (b)(1) or making a deter-mination under subsection (c)(1), promulgate such rules in accordance with section 553 of title 5, United States Code, as the Commis-sion considers appropriate to protect, to the maximum degree practicable, children as de-scribed in subsection (a)(1). 
(2) T
REATMENT AS CONSUMER PRODUCT SAFE -
TY STANDARD .—A rule promulgated under 
paragraph (1) shall be treated as a consumer product safety standard described in section 7(a) of the Consumer Product Safety Act (15 U.S.C. 2056(a)). 
(3) I
NAPPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN REQUIRE -
MENTS .—Section 9 of the Consumer Product 
Safety Act (15 U.S.C. 2058) shall not apply to a rulemaking under paragraph (1). 
(e) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 4 years 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commission shall submit to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Rep-resentatives a report on risks posed by deter-gent packets to young children and how the Commission is working to protect such chil-dren from such risks. 
(2) M
ATTERS COVERED .—The report required 
by paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) A quantitative assessment of annual 
national pediatric exposure to detergent packets, including the number of exposure incidents, the means of exposure (whether by ingestion, aspiration, or ocular contact), the clinical effects of the exposures, and medical outcomes. 
(B) An assessment as to whether the rule 
promulgated under subsection (b)(1) or the voluntary standard adopted under subsection (c), as the case may be, has been effective in protecting young children from injury or ill-ness caused by exposure to detergent pack-ets. 
(C) Such recommendations for legislative 
or administrative action as the Commission may have to protect young children as de-scribed in subparagraph (B). 
(3) P
UBLICATION .—The Commission shall 
make the report required by paragraph (1) available to the public on Internet website of the Commission. 
By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself 
and Mrs. B OXER ): 
S. 596. A bill to amend the Federal 
Water Pollution Control Act to estab-lish a grant program to support the restoration of San Francisco Bay; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I 
rise on behalf of myself and Senator B
OXER to introduce legislation to fur-
ther the restoration of the San Fran-cisco Bay. 
San Francisco Bay is truly a national 
treasure. Encompassing approximately 550 square miles, it is the largest estu-ary on the west coast, and is vital to the Nation for both ecological and eco-nomic reasons. It is home to more than 1,000 plant and wildlife species, roughly 77 percent of California’s remaining pe-rennial estuarine wetlands, and an im-portant stopover for birds along the Pacific Flyway. Marshes around the bay help prevent flooding, protecting more than 40 cities in nine counties, one of the Nation’s busiest seaports, and two international airports. The bay is critical to the region’s economy, which if it were its own nation, would be the world’s 19th largest economy. 
Over the last 150 years, the water 
quality and health of the San Fran-cisco Bay Estuary have been dimin-ished by pollution, invasive species, loss of wetland habitat and other fac-tors. The degradation has not only im-pacted fish and wildlife, but has also reduced the estuary’s ability to sup-port important economic activities such as commercial and sport fishing, shipping, agriculture, recreation, and tourism. 
Federal funding in recent years has 
started the Bay’s recovery process by investing in projects that improve water quality and restore critical habi-tat. These investments, $43 million be-tween 2008 and 2015, were critical to leveraging $145 million from other partners. But much work remains. 
That is why I am pleased to intro-
duce the San Francisco Bay Restora-tion Act with Senator B
OXER , Ranking 
Member of the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee. Com-panion legislation has also been intro-duced in the U.S. House of Representa-tives by Congresswoman J
ACKIE  
SPEIER . 
This bill was first introduced in the 
112th Congress. The Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works re-ported favorably on the bill in both the 112th and 113th Congresses and rec-ommended its passage. 
This bill recognizes the important 
restoration work that must be done to restore and protect the iconic San Francisco Bay. It authorizes $5 million a year for restoration work between 2015 and 2019, prioritizing funding for projects that will protect and restore vital estuarine habitat for migratory waterfowl, shorebirds, and wildlife; im-prove and restore water quality and rearing habitat for fish; and in turn re-invigorate recreation, tourism, and ag-ricultural activities in and around the bay. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in 
their support for this measure. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: S. 596 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘San Fran-
cisco Bay Restoration Act’’. 
SEC. 2. SAN FRANCISCO BAY RESTORATION 
GRANT PROGRAM. 
Title I of the Federal Water Pollution Con-
trol Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 123. SAN FRANCISCO BAY RESTORATION 
GRANT PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) A NNUAL PRIORITY LIST .—The term ‘an-
nual priority list’ means the annual priority list compiled under subsection (b). 
‘‘(2) C
OMPREHENSIVE PLAN .—The term ‘com-
prehensive plan’ means— 
‘‘(A) the comprehensive conservation and 
management plan approved under section 320 for the San Francisco Bay estuary; and 
‘‘(B) any amendments to that plan. ‘‘(3) E
STUARY PARTNERSHIP .—The term ‘Es-
tuary Partnership’ means the San Francisco Estuary Partnership, the entity that is des-ignated as the management conference under section 320. 
‘‘(b) A
NNUAL PRIORITY LIST.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—After providing public 
notice, the Administrator shall annually compile a priority list identifying and prioritizing the activities, projects, and stud-ies intended to be funded with the amounts made available under subsection (c). 
‘‘(2) I
NCLUSIONS .—The annual priority list 
compiled under paragraph (1) shall include— 
‘‘(A) activities, projects, or studies, includ-
ing restoration projects and habitat im-provement for fish, waterfowl, and wildlife, that advance the goals and objectives of the approved comprehensive plan; 
‘‘(B) information on the activities, 
projects, programs, or studies specified under subparagraph (A), including a description of— 
‘‘(i) the identities of the financial assist-
ance recipients; and 
‘‘(ii) the communities to be served; and ‘‘(C) the criteria and methods established 
by the Administrator for selection of activi-ties, projects, and studies. 
‘‘(3) C
ONSULTATION .—In developing the pri-
ority list under paragraph (1), the Adminis-trator shall consult with and consider the recommendations of— 
‘‘(A) the Estuary Partnership; ‘‘(B) the State of California and affected 
local governments in the San Francisco Bay estuary watershed; and 
‘‘(C) any other relevant stakeholder in-
volved with the protection and restoration of the San Francisco Bay estuary that the Ad-ministrator determines to be appropriate. 
‘‘(c) G
RANT PROGRAM .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Pursuant to section 320, 
the Administrator may provide funding through cooperative agreements, grants, or other means to State and local agencies, spe-cial districts, and public or nonprofit agen-cies, institutions, and organizations, includ-ing the Estuary Partnership, for activities, studies, or projects identified on the annual priority list. 
‘‘(2) M
AXIMUM AMOUNT OF GRANTS ; NON-FED-
ERAL SHARE .— 
‘‘(A) M AXIMUM AMOUNT OF GRANTS .— 
Amounts provided to any individual or enti-ty under this section for a fiscal year shall not exceed an amount equal to 75 percent of the total cost of any eligible activities that are to be carried out using those amounts. 
‘‘(B) N
ON-FEDERAL SHARE .—The non-Fed-
eral share of the total cost of any eligible ac-tivities that are carried out using amounts provided under this section shall be— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE6.018 S26FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1166 February 26, 2015 
‘‘(i) not less than 25 percent; and 
‘‘(ii) provided from non-Federal sources. 
‘‘(d) F UNDING .— 
‘‘(1) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There is authorized to be appropriated to the Administrator to carry out this section $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2015 through 2019. 
‘‘(2) A
DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .—Of the 
amount made available to carry out this sec-tion for a fiscal year, the Administrator shall use not more than 5 percent to pay ad-ministrative expenses incurred in carrying out this section. 
‘‘(3) R
ELATIONSHIP TO OTHER FUNDING .— 
Nothing in this section limits the eligibility of the Estuary Partnership to receive fund-ing under section 320(g). 
‘‘(4) P
ROHIBITION .—No amounts made avail-
able under subsection (c) may be used for the administration of a management conference under section 320.’’. 
By Mr. TILLIS: 
S. 597. A bill to amend section 706 of 
the Telecommunications Act of 1996 to provide that such section does not au-thorize the Federal Communications Commission to preempt the laws of cer-tain States relating to the regulation of municipal broadband, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I rise 
today to announce that along with my colleague in the House of Representa-tives, Representative M
ARSHA BLACK -
BURN , have introduced legislation that 
prohibits the Federal Communications Commission from pre-empting States with municipal broadband laws already on the books, or any other States that subsequently adopt such municipal broadband laws. The bill also includes a Sense of Congress stating that the FCC should not impose municipal broadband regulations on any state. 
Earlier today, the FCC took an un-
precedented and legally questionable step to allow Wilson, North Carolina, to ignore North Carolina law when ex-panding its municipal broadband net-work. 
The North Carolina law the FCC pre-
empted is intended to protect tax-payers and consumers from the finan-cial risks we have seen many munici-palities, including Wilson, face when venturing into broadband ventures that are best left to the private market to provide. 
After witnessing how some local gov-
ernments wasted taxpayer dollars and accumulated millions in debt through poor decision making, the legislatures of states like North Carolina and Ten-nessee passed commonsense, bipartisan laws that protect hardworking tax-payers and maintain the fairness of free-market competition. Representa-tive B
LACKBURN and I recognize the 
need for Congress to step in and take action to keep unelected bureaucrats from acting contrary to the expressed will of the American people through their State legislatures. 
By Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. 
CRAPO , and Mr. N ELSON ): 
S. 598. A bill to improve the under-
standing of, and promote access to treatment for, chronic kidney disease, 
and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I rise in 
support of the bipartisan Chronic Kid-ney Disease Improvement in Research and Treatment Act of 2015, which I am introducing with Senators C
RAPO and 
NELSON today. This legislation seeks to 
make a real difference in the lives of Americans suffering from kidney dis-ease and end-stage renal disease. 
Kidney disease is the 9th leading 
cause of death in the United States, and unfortunately, more than one in ten Americans today suffer from some form of kidney disease. More than 615,000 Americans are living with kid-ney failure or end-stage renal disease, which is an irreversible condition that can be fatal without a kidney trans-plant or life-sustaining dialysis. 430,000 patients in our country rely on life-sus-taining dialysis care to survive. 
This legislation seeks to promote re-
search, expand patient choice, and im-prove care coordination for these hun-dreds of thousands of patients. Specifi-cally, it would identify the gaps in re-search and improve the coordination of Federal research efforts. The bill would require the Government Account-ability Office to submit a comprehen-sive report analyzing current federally funded research projects regarding chronic kidney disease and identifying knowledge gaps that are not being ad-dressed through those research efforts. It would also direct the Department of Health and Human Services to evaluate and report on the biological, social, and behavioral factors related to kid-ney disease and efforts to slow the pro-gression of disease in minority popu-lations disproportionately affected by this disease. 
This legislation would improve ac-
cess to pre-dialysis kidney education programs to better manage patients’ kidney disease and even prevent kidney failure in some cases. Nephrologists and other health professionals would be incentivized to work in underserved rural and urban areas, and current pay-ment policies would be modified to en-courage home dialysis, which is not incentivized under the current Medi-care payment structure. Patients with acute kidney injury would also be al-lowed to receive treatments through dialysis providers, therefore reducing costs associated with care provided in the more expensive hospital outpatient setting. Perhaps most importantly, our legislation would establish a voluntary coordinated care program that would incentivize doctors and dialysis facili-ties to work together to improve the coordination of care and reduce costly hospitalization. 
Lastly, the bill would expand the op-
tions for patients by allowing individ-uals diagnosed with kidney failure to enroll in the Medicare Advantage pro-gram and reauthorizing on a perma-nent basis the Medicare Advantage Special Needs Plan for patients with kidney failure. I urge my colleagues to join me, Sen-
ator C
RAPO and Senator N ELSON in sup-
porting the Chronic Kidney Disease Im-provement in Research and Treatment Act of 2015, which will improve the care of patients who suffer from kidney dis-ease and end-stage renal disease. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 598 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Chronic Kid-
ney Disease Improvement in Research and Treatment Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
The table of contents of this Act is as fol-
lows: 
Sec. 1. Short title. 
Sec. 2. Table of contents. 
TITLE I—IMPROVING UNDERSTANDING 
OF CHRONIC KIDNEY DISEASE THROUGH EXPANDED RESEARCH AND COORDINATION 
Sec. 101. Identifying gaps in chronic kidney 
disease research. 
Sec. 102. Coordinating research on chronic 
kidney disease. 
Sec. 103. Understanding the progression of 
kidney disease and treatment of kidney failure in minority populations. 
Sec. 104. Identifying Medicare payment dis-
incentives for transplant and post-transplant care. 
TITLE II—PROMOTING ACCESS TO 
CHRONIC KIDNEY DISEASE TREATMENTS 
Sec. 201. Increasing access to Medicare kid-
ney disease education benefit. 
Sec. 202. Improving access to chronic kidney 
disease treatment in under-served rural and urban areas. 
Sec. 203. Promoting access to home dialysis 
treatments. 
Sec. 204. Expanding access for patients with 
acute kidney injury. 
TITLE III—CREATING ECONOMIC STA-
BILITY FOR PROVIDERS CARING FOR INDIVIDUALS WITH CHRONIC KIDNEY DISEASE 
Sec. 301. Stabilizing Medicare payments for 
services provided to bene-ficiaries with stage V chronic kidney disease receiving dialy-sis services. 
Sec. 302. Providing individuals with kidney 
failure access to managed care and coordinated care programs. 
TITLE I—IMPROVING UNDERSTANDING 
OF CHRONIC KIDNEY DISEASE THROUGH EXPANDED RESEARCH AND COORDINATION 
SEC. 101. IDENTIFYING GAPS IN CHRONIC KID-
NEY DISEASE RESEARCH. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than one year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall de-velop and submit to Congress a comprehen-sive report assessing the adequacy of Federal expenditures in chronic kidney disease re-search relative to Federal expenditures for chronic kidney disease care. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by this 
section shall— 
(1) analyze the current chronic kidney dis-
ease research projects being funded by Fed-eral agencies; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE6.024 S26FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1167 February 26, 2015 
(2) identify, including by surveying the 
kidney care community, areas of chronic kidney disease knowledge gaps that are not part of current Federal research efforts; 
(3) report on the level of Federal expendi-
tures on kidney research as compared to the amount of Federal expenditures on treating individuals with chronic kidney disease; and 
(4) identify areas of kidney failure knowl-
edge gaps in research to assess treatment patterns associated with providing care to minority populations that are disproportion-ately affected by kidney failure. 
SEC. 102. COORDINATING RESEARCH ON CHRON-
IC KIDNEY DISEASE. 
(a) I NTERAGENCY COMMITTEE .—The Sec-
retary of Health and Human Services shall establish and maintain an interagency com-mittee for the purpose of improving the co-ordination of chronic kidney disease re-search. 
(b) R
EPORTS .—For the purpose described in 
subsection (a), the interagency committee established under such subsection shall issue public reports that— 
(1) include a strategic plan, including rec-
ommendations for— 
(A) improving communication and coordi-
nation among Federal agencies; 
(B) procedures for monitoring Federal 
chronic kidney disease research activities; and 
(C) ways to maximize the efficiency of the 
Federal chronic kidney disease research in-vestment and minimize the potential for un-necessary duplication; 
(2) include a portfolio analysis that pro-
vides information on chronic kidney disease research projects, organized by the strategic plan objectives; and 
(3) address such other topics as the inter-
agency committee determines appropriate. 
(c) M
EETINGS .—The interagency committee 
established under subsection (a) shall meet not less frequently than semi-annually. 
SEC. 103. UNDERSTANDING THE PROGRESSION 
OF KIDNEY DISEASE AND TREAT-MENT OF KIDNEY FAILURE IN MI-NORITY POPULATIONS. 
Not later than one year after the date of 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall— 
(1) complete a study on— (A) the social, behavioral, and biological 
factors leading to kidney disease; 
(B) efforts to slow the progression of kid-
ney disease in minority populations that are 
disproportionately affected by such disease; and 
(C) treatment patterns associated with 
providing care, under the Medicare program under title XVIII of the Social Security Act, the Medicaid program under title XIX of such Act, and through private health insur-ance, to minority populations that are dis-proportionately affected by kidney failure; and 
(2) submit to Congress a report on the re-
sults of such study. 
SEC. 104. IDENTIFYING MEDICARE PAYMENT DIS-
INCENTIVES FOR TRANSPLANT AND POST-TRANSPLANT CARE. 
Not later than 2 years after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall submit to Con-gress a report on any disincentives in the payment systems under the Medicare pro-gram under title XVIII of the Social Secu-rity Act that create barriers to kidney trans-plants and post-transplant care for bene-ficiaries with end-stage renal disease. 
TITLE II—PROMOTING ACCESS TO 
CHRONIC KIDNEY DISEASE TREATMENTS 
SEC. 201. INCREASING ACCESS TO MEDICARE 
KIDNEY DISEASE EDUCATION BEN-EFIT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1861(ggg) of the 
Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395x(ggg)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— 
(A) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘ or 
stage V’’ after ‘‘stage IV’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘or of 
a physician assistant, nurse practitioner, or clinical nurse specialist (as defined in sec-tion 1861(aa)(5)) assisting in the treatment of the individual’s kidney condition’’ after ‘‘kidney condition’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking subparagraph (B); and (B) in subparagraph (A)— (i) by striking ‘‘(A)’’ after ‘‘(2)’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of clause 
(i); 
(iii) by striking the period at the end of 
clause (ii) and inserting ‘‘; and’’; 
(iv) by redesignating clauses (i) and (ii) as 
subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively; and 
(v) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) a renal dialysis facility subject to the 
requirements of section 1881(b)(1) with per-sonnel who— 
‘‘(i) provide the services described in para-
graph (1); and 
‘‘(ii) is a physician (as defined in sub-
section (r)(1)) or a physician assistant, nurse practitioner, or clinical nurse specialist (as defined in subsection (aa)(5)).’’. 
(b) P
AYMENT TO RENAL DIALYSIS FACILI -
TIES.—Section 1881(b) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 
1395rr(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(15) For purposes of paragraph (14), the 
single payment for renal dialysis services under such paragraph shall not take into ac-count the amount of payment for kidney dis-ease education services (as defined in section 1861(ggg)). Instead, payment for such services shall be made to the renal dialysis facility on an assignment-related basis under section 1848.’’. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section apply to kidney disease education services furnished on or after Jan-uary 1, 2016. 
SEC. 202. IMPROVING ACCESS TO CHRONIC KID-
NEY DISEASE TREATMENT IN UN-DERSERVED RURAL AND URBAN AREAS. 
(a) D EFINITION OF PRIMARY CARE SERV-
ICES.—Section 331(a)(3)(D) of the Public 
Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 254d(a)(3)(D)) is amended by inserting ‘‘and includes renal di-alysis services’’ before the period at the end. 
(b) N
ATIONAL HEALTH SERVICE CORPS  
SCHOLARSHIP PROGRAM .—Section 338A(a)(2) 
of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 254l(a)(2)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, includ-ing nephrologists and non-physician practi-tioners providing renal dialysis services’’ be-fore the period at the end. 
(c) N
ATIONAL HEALTH SERVICE CORPS LOAN 
REPAYMENT PROGRAM .—Section 338B(a)(2) of 
the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 254l– 1(a)(2)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, including nephrologists and non-physician practi-tioners providing renal dialysis services’’ be-fore the period at the end. 
SEC. 203. PROMOTING ACCESS TO HOME DIALY-
SIS TREATMENTS. 
Section 1834(m)(4)(C)(ii) of the Social Secu-
rity Act (42 U.S.C. 1395m(m)(4)(C)(ii)) is amended by adding at the end the following new subclause: 
‘‘(IX) A renal dialysis facility (as defined 
in section 1881).’’. 
SEC. 204. EXPANDING ACCESS FOR PATIENTS 
WITH ACUTE KIDNEY INJURY. 
Section 1881(b) of the Social Security Act 
(42 U.S.C. 1395rr(b)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘or acute 
kidney injury’’ after ‘‘individuals who have been determined to have end stage renal dis-ease’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2)(A), by inserting ‘‘or 
acute kidney injury’’ after ‘‘end stage renal disease’’; (3) in paragraph (2)(B), by inserting ‘‘or 
acute kidney injury’’ after ‘‘end stage renal disease’’; 
(4) in paragraph (3), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘or acute kidney injury’’ after ‘‘end stage renal disease’’; 
(5) in paragraph (11)(A), by inserting ‘‘or 
acute kidney injury’’ after ‘‘end stage renal disease’’; 
(6) in paragraph (11)(B), by inserting ‘‘or 
acute kidney injury’’ after ‘‘end stage renal disease’’; 
(7) in paragraph (14)(B)— (A) in clause (ii), by inserting ‘‘or acute 
kidney injury’’ after ‘‘end stage renal dis-ease’’; 
(B) in clause (iii), by inserting ‘‘or acute 
kidney injury’’ after ‘‘end stage renal dis-ease’’; and 
(C) in clause (iv), by inserting ‘‘or acute 
kidney injury’’ after ‘‘end stage renal dis-ease’’; and 
(8) in paragraph (14)(H)(i), by inserting ‘‘or 
acute kidney injury’’ after ‘‘end stage renal disease’’. 
TITLE III—CREATING ECONOMIC STA-
BILITY FOR PROVIDERS CARING FOR IN-DIVIDUALS WITH CHRONIC KIDNEY DIS-EASE 
SEC. 301. STABILIZING MEDICARE PAYMENTS 
FOR SERVICES PROVIDED TO BENE-FICIARIES WITH STAGE V CHRONIC KIDNEY DISEASE RECEIVING DIALY-SIS SERVICES. 
Section 1881(b)(14) of the Social Security 
Act (42 U.S.C. 1395rr(b)(14)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (D), in the matter pre-
ceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘Such system’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to subparagraph (J), such system’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(J)(i) For payment for renal dialysis serv-
ices furnished on or after January 1, 2016, under the system under this paragraph— 
‘‘(I) the payment adjustment described in 
clause (i) of subparagraph (D) shall not take into account comorbidities; 
‘‘(II) the payment adjustment described in 
clause (ii) of such subparagraph shall not be included; 
‘‘(III) the standardization factor described 
in the final rule published in the Federal Register on November 8, 2012 (77 Fed. Reg. 67470), shall be established using the most currently available data (and not historical data) and adjusted on an annual basis, based on such available data, to account for any change in utilization of drugs and any modi-fication in adjustors applied under this para-graph; and 
‘‘(IV) the Secretary shall take into account 
reasonable costs consistent with paragraph (2)(B) when calculating such payments. 
‘‘(ii) Not later than January 1, 2016, the 
Secretary shall amend the ESRD facility cost report to— 
‘‘(I) include the per treatment network fee 
(as described in paragraph (7)) as an allow-able cost; and 
‘‘(II) eliminate the limitation for reporting 
medical director fees on such reports in order to take into account the wages of a board-certified nephrologist.’’. 
SEC. 302. PROVIDING INDIVIDUALS WITH KIDNEY 
FAILURE ACCESS TO MANAGED CARE AND COORDINATED CARE PROGRAMS. 
(a) E XPANDING ACCESS TO MEDICARE ADVAN -
TAGE .— 
(1) E LIGIBILITY UNDER MEDICARE ADVAN -
TAGE .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Section 1851(a)(3) of the 
Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–21(a)(3)) is amended— 
(i) by striking subparagraph (B); and (ii) by striking ‘‘
ELIGIBLE INDIVIDUAL .—’’ 
and all that follows through ‘‘In this title’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE6.026 S26FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1168 February 26, 2015 
and inserting ‘‘ ELIGIBLE INDIVIDUAL .—In this 
title’’. 
(B) C ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
1852(b)(1) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–22(b)(1)) is amended— 
(i) by striking subparagraph (B); and (ii) by striking ‘‘B
ENEFICIARIES .—’’ and all 
that follows through ‘‘A Medicare+Choice or-ganization’’ and inserting ‘‘B
ENEFICIARIES .— 
A Medicare Advantage organization’’. 
(C) E FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments 
made by this paragraph shall apply with re-spect to plan years beginning on or after January 1, 2016. 
(2) E
DUCATION .—Section 1851(d)(2)(A)(iii) of 
the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w– 21(d)(2)(A)(iii)) is amended by inserting be-fore the period at the end the following ‘‘, in-cluding any additional information that in-dividuals determined to have end stage renal disease may need to make informed deci-sions with respect to such an election’’. 
(3) Q
UALITY METRICS .—Section 1852(e)(3)(A) 
of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w– 22(e)(3)(A)) is amended by adding at the end the following new clause: 
‘‘(v) R
EQUIREMENTS WITH RESPECT TO INDI -
VIDUALS WITH ESRD .—In addition to the data 
required to be collected, analyzed, and re-ported under clause (i) and notwithstanding the limitations under subparagraph (B), as part of the quality improvement program under paragraph (1), each MA organization shall provide for the collection, analysis, and reporting of data, determined in consulta-tion with the kidney care community, that permits the measurement of health out-comes and other indices of quality with re-spect to individuals determined to have end stage renal disease.’’. 
(b) P
ERMANENT EXTENSION OF MEDICARE  
ADVANTAGE ESRD S PECIAL NEEDS PLANS AU-
THORITY .—Section 1859(f)(1) of the Social Se-
curity Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–28(f)(1)) is amend-ed by inserting ‘‘, in the case of a specialized MA plan for special needs individuals who have not been determined to have end stage renal disease,’’ before ‘‘for periods before January 1, 2017’’. 
(c) V
OLUNTARY ESRD C OORDINATED CARE 
GAINSHARING PROGRAM .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 1881(b) of the So-
cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395rr(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(15)(A) Not later than January 1, 2017, the 
Secretary shall, in accordance with this paragraph, establish an ESRD Care Coordi-nation gainsharing program for nephrologists, renal dialysis facilities, and providers of services that develop coordi-nated care organizations to provide a full range of clinical and supportive services (as described in subparagraph (D)) to individuals determined to have end stage renal disease. 
‘‘(B) Under such program, subject to sub-
paragraph (C), the payment amounts renal dialysis facilities and providers of services described in subparagraph (A) would other-wise receive under paragraph (14) and nephrologists described in subparagraph (A) would otherwise receive under section 1848 with respect to dialysis services furnished by such a facility, provider, or nephrologist dur-ing a year, shall be increased by a portion of the amount (as determined by the Secretary) 
of actual reductions in expenditures under this title attributable to the coordinated care organization developed by such facility, provider, or nephrologist involved, taking into account non-dialysis expenditures under parts A and B, during the preceding calendar year. The payment amount under this sub-paragraph shall be provided to a nephrologist, renal dialysis facility, and pro-vider of services that developed the coordi-nated care organization not later than March 31 of the year after the year during which such services are provided by such 
nephrologist, facility, or provider. 
‘‘(C) The aggregate incentive payment 
amounts provided under such program for a year may not exceed the amount equal to 2 percent less than the estimated total amount of non-dialysis expenditures under parts A and B for 2017 for items and services that are not related to dialysis or transplant services. 
‘‘(D) For purposes of subparagraph (A), the 
full range of clinical and supportive services includes at least the following: 
‘‘(i) Primary care and other preventative 
services. 
‘‘(ii) Specialty care for co-morbidities or 
non-renal acute conditions, including at least podiatry, cardiology, and orthopedics. 
‘‘(iii) Vascular access. ‘‘(iv) Laboratory testing and diagnostic 
imaging. 
‘‘(v) Pharmacy care management. ‘‘(vi) Patient, family, and caregiver edu-
cation. 
‘‘(vii) Psychiatric, behavioral therapy, and 
counseling services. 
‘‘(E) In providing payment incentive 
amounts under such program, the Secretary shall apply a risk adjustment methodology that— 
‘‘(i) uses risk adjuster factors applied 
under part C; and 
‘‘(ii) adjusts such payments to exclude the 
top 2 percent of outliers. 
‘‘(F) In establishing such program, the Sec-
retary shall ensure that each of the fol-lowing is satisfied: 
‘‘(i) The program allows for all types and 
sizes of renal dialysis facilities and providers of services described in subparagraph (A), in-cluding profit and not-for-profit, urban and rural, as well as all other types and sizes of such facilities and providers, to participate. 
‘‘(ii) The program rewards high quality, ef-
ficient facilities and providers through gain- sharing. 
‘‘(iii) For purposes of determining the ac-
tual reductions in expenditures under this title attributable to a coordinated care orga-nization described in subparagraph (A), the program includes a market-based benchmark system that will not be rebased against which such expenditures shall be compared. 
‘‘(iv) The program results in reductions of 
expenditures under parts A and B for serv-ices that are not dialysis-related services. 
‘‘(v) The program allows new applicants to 
participate in the program after the initial implementation period. 
‘‘(vi) The program establishes clear quality 
metrics in consultation with the kidney care community. 
‘‘(vii) The program provides for waivers of 
Federal laws or requirements, in consulta-tion with interested stakeholders. 
‘‘(viii) Under such program the Secretary 
attributes individuals described in subpara-graph (A) who receive treatment through a care coordination organization described in such subparagraph to such organization rather than to any other payment model that requires beneficiary attribution. 
‘‘(ix) Under such program the Secretary 
provides quarterly Medicare parts A and B claims data to facilities and providers de-scribed in subparagraph (A) participating in such program. 
‘‘(G) Not later than 3 years after the date 
of the implementation of the ESRD Care Co-ordination gainsharing program, the Sec-retary shall submit to Congress a report on the waivers granted under subparagraph (F)(vii) and the effectiveness of such waivers 
in allowing the coordination of care.’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(A) S ECTION 1881 .—Section 1881(b) of the So-
cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395rr(b)) is amended— (i) in each of paragraphs (12)(A) and (13)(A), 
by striking ‘‘paragraph (14)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (14) and (15)’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (14)(A)(i), by inserting 
‘‘and paragraph (15)’’ after ‘‘Subject to sub-paragraph (E)’’. 
(B) S
ECTION 1848 .—Section 1848 of the Social 
Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–4) is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: 
‘‘(q) V
OLUNTARY ESRD C OORDINATED CARE 
PROGRAM .—For provisions related to incen-
tive payment amounts to nephrologists under the ESRD Care Coordination gainsharing program, see section 1881(b)(15).’’. 
(d) P
ATIENT INFORMATION REQUIREMENT .— 
The Secretary of Health and Human Services shall require hospitals that furnish items and services to individuals entitled to bene-
fits under part A of title XVIII of the Social Security Act or eligible for benefits under part B of such title and who subsequently re-ceive dialysis services at a renal dialysis fa-cility (as defined in section 1881 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1395rr)) to provide to such facility health information with respect to such indi-vidual, including a discharge summary and co-morbidity information, upon request of the facility, not later than 7 days after noti-fication by the hospital of the provision of such services to such individual or of the de-termination that such individual has end stage renal disease, as applicable. 
Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, I rise to 
speak on the importance of the Chronic Kidney Disease Improvement in Re-search and Treatment Act being intro-duced today. This legislation will not only pave the way for enhanced re-search opportunities and allow physi-cians greater flexibility in how and where they treat patients, but, impor-tantly, will provide increased access to care for those with chronic and end- stage kidney disease, particularly in rural and underserved areas. As our Na-tion continues to face dangerously high levels of debt, it is imperative we prioritize initiatives such as this while simultaneously ensuring we do not worsen our already fragile fiscal pic-ture. Prior to passage, as with any piece of legislation, a responsible offset that is budget neutral must be in-cluded. 
By Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. 
TOOMEY , and Ms. C OLLINS ): 
S. 599. A bill to extend and expand 
the Medicaid emergency psychiatric demonstration project; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, today 
Senators T
OOMEY and C OLLINS and I are 
introducing the Improving Access to Emergency Psychiatric Care Act of 2015, which will build on the current 3- year Medicaid Emergency Psychiatric Demonstration Project to provide timely and cost-effective treatment to people who are experiencing an emer-gency psychiatric crisis. 
We know that emergency psychiatric 
care delivered in general hospitals and freestanding psychiatric hospitals is a life-saving service for individuals with severe mental illnesses. In addition, a Government Accountability Office re-port, GAO–09–347, on hospital emer-gency departments concluded the dif-ficulties in transferring, admitting, or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE6.026 S26FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1169 February 26, 2015 
discharging psychiatric patients from 
the emergency department contribute to overcrowding in our Nation’s emer-gency rooms. 
Community-based psychiatric hos-
pitals, like Sheppard Pratt Health Sys-tem in my home State of Maryland, could help relieve these back-ups in emergency departments; however, due to a longstanding Medicaid statutory provision called the Institution for Mental Disease, IMD, exclusion, pa-tients receiving care in these free-standing psychiatric hospitals are not covered if the patients are between the ages of 21 and 64, and the hospitals can-not get Medicaid Federal matching payments for these services. 
In response to this problem, bipar-
tisan legislation was first introduced in the Senate in 2003 by Senators Olympia Snowe and Kent Conrad, who were joined by Senators S
USAN COLLINS and 
RONWYDEN , to address this problem by 
allowing Federal Medicaid matching payments to freestanding psychiatric hospitals for emergency psychiatric cases. In 2010, based on this legislation, Congress authorized a three-year dem-onstration that was intended to expand the number of emergency inpatient psychiatric beds available in commu-nities. Currently, 11 States, including my State of Maryland, and the District of Columbia are participating in this demonstration. 
The purpose of the demonstration is 
to determine whether allowing Federal Medicaid matching payments to free-standing psychiatric hospitals for emergency psychiatric cases improves access to and quality of medically nec-essary care, improves discharge plan-ning for demonstration beneficiaries, and has a positive impact on Medicaid cost and utilization. The preliminary data shows that, of the total number of Medicaid beneficiaries admitted to these freestanding psychiatric hos-pitals, 84 percent had just one admis-sion during the entire first year of the demonstration. The average length of stay was a short 8.2 days and, in 88 per-cent of the admissions, the patients were discharged home. 
The current demonstration project 
would end no later than December 31, 2015; however, the final evaluation of this project by CMS is not expected to be completed until 1 year later, in the fall of 2016. 
The purpose of the bipartisan legisla-
tion we are introducing today is to allow the Secretary of Health and Human Services to continue the cur-rent demonstration project until the Secretary submits a report to Congress with her recommendations, based on the final evaluation, regarding whether the current demonstration should be extended for an additional 3 years and whether additional States should be al-lowed to participate in the demonstra-tion, or September 30, 2016, whichever occurs first. 
Importantly, in order to extend the 
current demonstration project until the report is submitted, the Secretary must determine that overall Medicaid 
spending in the participating state is not expected to increase during the ex-tension of the demonstration project for a maximum of nine months, and the Chief Actuary of CMS must also certify that the extension is not projected to result in an increase in net Medicaid program spending. If, in her report, the Secretary recommends extending the demonstration project for an addi-tional three years and/or expanding it to include other States, the same re-quirements regarding Medicaid spend-ing would need to be met, ensuring budget neutrality. At the completion of those additional 3 years, the dem-onstration project would come to a close unless Congress passes author-izing legislation to continue and/or ex-pand the demonstration project. 
We have a real crisis in this country 
for millions of Americans who cannot get timely access to life-saving emer-gency inpatient psychiatric treatment. The Medicaid program is a vital source of support for people with mental dis-orders, funding more than 50 percent of state and local spending on mental health services. This outdated IMD pol-icy is penalizing the disabled and poor. It is also contributing to inefficiencies in our health care system and likely adding to the cost of care. The legisla-tion introducing today would help en-sure that the neediest have access to hospital care when they need it and strengthen our Nation’s health care system. It is an incremental, targeted approach with built-in cost safeguards, so I hope my colleagues will join with me to support this legislation. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 599 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Improving 
Access to Emergency Psychiatric Care Act’’. 
SEC. 2. EXTENSION AND EXPANSION OF MED-
ICAID EMERGENCY PSYCHIATRIC DEMONSTRATION PROJECT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (d) of section 
2707 of Public Law 111–148 (42 U.S.C. 1396a note) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(d) L
ENGTH OF DEMONSTRATION PROJECT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraphs (2) and (3), the demonstration project established under this section shall be conducted for a period of 3 consecutive years. 
‘‘(2) T
EMPORARY EXTENSION OF PARTICIPA -
TION ELIGIBILITY FOR SELECTED STATES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph 
(3), a State selected as an eligible State to participate in the demonstration project on or prior to March 13, 2012, shall, upon the re-quest of the State, be permitted to continue to participate in the demonstration project through the date described in subparagraph (B) if— 
‘‘(i) the Secretary determines that the con-
tinued participation of the State in the dem-onstration project is not expected to in-crease spending under title XIX of the Social Security Act; and ‘‘(ii) the Chief Actuary of the Centers for 
Medicare & Medicaid Services certifies that such extension for that State is projected to reduce (or is projected not to result in any increase in) net program spending under title XIX of the Social Security Act. 
‘‘(B) D
ATE DESCRIBED .—The date described 
in this subparagraph is the earlier of— 
‘‘(i) the date on which Secretary submits 
the recommendations required under sub-section (f)(3); or 
‘‘(ii) September 30, 2016. ‘‘(3) E
XTENSION AND EXPANSION OF DEM -
ONSTRATION PROJECT .— 
‘‘(A) A DDITIONAL EXTENSION .—Taking into 
account the recommendations submitted to Congress pursuant to subsection (f)(3), the Secretary may, if the Secretary determines that extension and expansion of the dem-onstration project satisfies the criteria for the temporary extension under subpara-graphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (2)— 
‘‘(i) extend the demonstration project 
through December 31, 2019; and 
‘‘(ii) permit any eligible State partici-
pating in the demonstration project as of the date such recommendations are submitted to continue to participate in the project. 
‘‘(B) O
PTION FOR EXPANSION TO ADDITIONAL  
STATES .—Taking into account the rec-
ommendations submitted to Congress pursu-ant to subsection (f)(3), the Secretary may expand (including on a nationwide basis) the number of eligible States participating in the demonstration project during the exten-sion period established under subparagraph (A) if, with respect to any new eligible State— 
‘‘(i) the Secretary determines that the par-
ticipation of the State in the demonstration project is not expected to increase spending under title XIX of the Social Security Act; and 
‘‘(ii) the Chief Actuary of the Centers for 
Medicare & Medicaid Services certifies that the participation of the State in the dem-onstration project is projected to reduce (or is projected not to result in any increase in) net program spending under title XIX of the 
Social Security Act. 
‘‘(4) A
UTHORITY TO ENSURE BUDGET NEU -
TRALITY .—The Secretary annually shall re-
view each participating State’s demonstra-tion project expenditures to ensure compli-ance with the requirements of paragraphs (2)(A), (2)(B), (3)(B)(i), and (3)(B)(ii) (as appli-cable). If the Secretary determines with re-spect to a State’s participation in the dem-onstration project that the State’s net pro-gram spending under title XIX of the Social Security Act has increased as a result of the State’s participation in the project, the Sec-retary shall treat the demonstration project excess expenditures of the State as an over-payment under title XIX of the Social Secu-rity Act.’’. 
(b) F
UNDING .—Subsection (e) of section 2707 
of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a note) is amend-ed— 
(1) in the subsection heading, by striking 
‘‘L
IMITATIONS ON FEDERAL ’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in the paragraph heading, by striking 
‘‘
5-YEAR ’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘through December 31, 
2015’’ and inserting ‘‘until expended’’; 
(3) by striking paragraph (3); (4) by redesignating paragraphs (4) and (5) 
as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; 
(5) in paragraph (3) (as so redesignated), by 
striking ‘‘and the availability of funds’’ and inserting ‘‘(other than States deemed to be eligible States through the application of subsection (c)(4))’’; and 
(6) in paragraph (4) (as so redesignated)— (A) in the first sentence— (i) by inserting ‘‘(other than a State 
deemed to be an eligible State through the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE6.028 S26FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1170 February 26, 2015 
application of subsection (c)(4))’’ after ‘‘eligi-
ble State’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘paragraph (4)’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘paragraph (3)’’; and 
(B) by inserting after the first sentence the 
following ‘‘In addition to any payments made to an eligible State under the pre-ceding sentence, the Secretary shall, during any period in effect under paragraph (2) or (3) of subsection (d), or during any period in which a law described in subsection (f)(4)(C) is in effect, pay each eligible State (includ-ing any State deemed to be an eligible State through the application of subsection (c)(4)), an amount each quarter equal to the Federal medical assistance percentage of expendi-tures in the quarter during such period for medical assistance described in subsection (a). Payments made to States under this paragraph shall be considered to have been made under, and are subject to, the require-ments of section 1903 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396b).’’. 
(c) R
ECOMMENDATIONS TO CONGRESS .—Sub-
section (f) of section 2707 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a note) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(3) R
ECOMMENDATION TO CONGRESS RE -
GARDING EXTENSION AND EXPANSION OF  
PROJECT .—Not later than September 30, 2016, 
the Secretary shall submit to Congress and make available to the public recommenda-tions based on an evaluation of the dem-onstration project, including the use of ap-propriate quality measures, regarding— 
‘‘(A) whether the demonstration project 
should be continued after December 31, 2016; and 
‘‘(B) whether the demonstration project 
should be expanded (including on a nation-wide basis). 
‘‘(4) R
ECOMMENDATION TO CONGRESS RE -
GARDING PERMANENT EXTENSION AND NATION -
WIDE EXPANSION .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than April 1, 
2019, the Secretary shall submit to Congress and make available to the public rec-ommendations based on an evaluation of the demonstration project, including the use of appropriate quality measures, regarding— 
‘‘(i) whether the demonstration project 
should be permanently continued after De-cember 31, 2019, in 1 or more States; and 
‘‘(ii) whether the demonstration project 
should be expanded (including on a nation-wide basis). 
‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Any recommendation 
submitted under subparagraph (A) to perma-nently continue the project in a State, or to expand the project to 1 or more other States (including on a nationwide basis) shall in-clude a certification from the Chief Actuary of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Serv-ices that permanently continuing the project in a particular State, or expanding the project to a particular State (or all States) is projected to reduce (or is projected not to re-sult in any increase in) net program spend-ing under title XIX of the Social Security Act. If the Secretary determines with re-spect to a State’s participation in the dem-onstration project that net program spend-ing under title XIX of such Act has increased as a result of the project, the Secretary shall treat the demonstration project excess ex-penditures of the State as an overpayment under title XIX of the Social Security Act. 
‘‘(C) C
ONGRESSIONAL APPROVAL REQUIRED .— 
The Secretary shall not permanently con-tinue the demonstration project in any State after December 31, 2019, or expand the dem-onstration project to any additional State after December 31, 2019, unless Congress en-acts a law approving either or both such ac-tions. 
‘‘(5) F
UNDING .—Out of any funds in the 
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, there is appropriated to the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services Program Management Ac-
count to carry out this subsection, $100,000 for fiscal year 2015, to remain available until expended.’’. 
(d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 
2707 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a note) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘An eligi-
ble State’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as other-wise provided in paragraph (4), an eligible State’’; 
(B) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘A State 
shall’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as otherwise provided in paragraph (4), a State shall’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) N
ATIONWIDE AVAILABILITY .—In the 
event that the Secretary makes a rec-ommendation pursuant to subsection (f)(4) that the demonstration project be expanded on a national basis, any State that has sub-mitted or submits an application pursuant to paragraph (2) shall be deemed to have been selected to be an eligible State to participate in the demonstration project.’’; and 
(2) in the heading for subsection (f), by 
striking ‘‘
ANDREPORT ’’ and inserting ‘‘, R E-
PORT , ANDRECOMMENDATIONS ’’. 
(e) E FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 88—CELE-
BRATING BLACK HISTORY MONTH 
Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Mr. C
OCH-
RAN, Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. 
DURBIN , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. P AUL, Mr. 
MERKLEY , Mr. C OONS , Mr. P ORTMAN , 
Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. 
WICKER , Ms. A YOTTE , Mr. B URR, Mr. 
CARDIN , Mr. R EED, Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. 
TILLIS , Mr. P ETERS , and Mr. S ASSE) 
submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 88 
Whereas in 1776, people imagined the 
United States as a new country dedicated to the proposition stated in the Declaration of Independence that ‘‘all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Cre-ator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pur-suit of Happiness . . .’’; 
Whereas the first Africans were brought in-
voluntarily to the shores of America as early as the 17th century; 
Whereas African Americans suffered en-
slavement and subsequently faced the injus-tices of lynch mobs, segregation, and denial of the basic and fundamental rights of citi-zenship; 
Whereas in 2015, the vestiges of these injus-
tices and inequalities remain evident in the society of the United States; 
Whereas in the face of injustices, people of 
the United States of good will and of all races have distinguished themselves with a commitment to the noble ideals on which the United States was founded and have cou-rageously fought for the rights and freedom of African Americans; 
Whereas African Americans, such as Lieu-
tenant Colonel Allen Allensworth, Constance Baker Motley, James Baldwin, James Beckwourth, Clara Brown, Ralph Bunche, Shirley Chisholm, Frederick Douglass, W. E. B. Du Bois, Ralph Ellison, Medgar Evers, Alex Haley, Dorothy Height, Lena Horne, Charles Hamilton Houston, Mahalia Jack-son, Martin Luther King, Jr., the Tuskegee 
Airmen, Thurgood Marshall, Rosa Parks, Bill Pickett, Jackie Robinson, Aaron Shir-ley, Sojourner Truth, Harriet Tubman, Homer Plessy, the Greensboro Four, Maya Angelou, Arthur Ashe Jr., Booker T. Wash-ington, Stephanie Tubbs Jones, Hiram Rev-els, and Blanche Bruce, along with many others, worked against racism to achieve success and to make significant contribu-tions to the economic, educational, political, artistic, athletic, literary, scientific, and technological advancements of the United States, including the westward expansion; 
Whereas the contributions of African 
Americans from all walks of life throughout the history of the United States reflect the greatness of the United States; 
Whereas many African Americans lived, 
toiled, and died in obscurity, never achieving the recognition they deserved, and yet paved the way for future generations to succeed; 
Whereas African Americans continue to 
serve the United States at the highest levels of government and military; 
Whereas the birthdays of Abraham Lincoln 
and Frederick Douglass inspired the creation of Negro History Week, the precursor to Black History Month; 
Whereas Negro History Week represented 
the culmination of the efforts of Dr. Carter G. Woodson, the ‘‘Father of Black History’’, to enhance knowledge of Black history through the Journal of Negro History, pub-lished by the Association for the Study of African American Life and History, which was founded by Dr. Carter G. Woodson and Jesse E. Moorland; 
Whereas Black History Month, celebrated 
during the month of February, dates back to 1926 when Dr. Carter G. Woodson set aside a special period in February to recognize the heritage and achievement of Black people of the United States; 
Whereas Dr. Carter G. Woodson stated: 
‘‘We have a wonderful history behind us. . . . If you are unable to demonstrate to the world that you have this record, the world will say to you, ‘You are not worthy to enjoy the blessings of democracy or anything else.’’’; 
Whereas since the founding of the United 
States, the country imperfectly progressed 
towards noble goals; and 
Whereas the history of the United States is 
the story of people regularly affirming high ideals, striving to reach such ideals but often failing, and then struggling to come to terms with the disappointment of such failure, be-fore committing to trying again: Now, there-fore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) acknowledges that all people of the 
United States are the recipients of the wealth of history provided by Black culture; 
(2) recognizes the importance of Black His-
tory Month as an opportunity to reflect on the complex history of the United States, while remaining hopeful and confident about the path ahead; 
(3) acknowledges the significance of Black 
History Month as an important opportunity to recognize the tremendous contributions of African Americans to the history of the United States; 
(4) encourages the celebration of Black 
History Month to provide a continuing op-portunity for all people in the United States to learn from the past and understand the experiences that have shaped the United States; and 
(5) agrees that, while the United States 
began as a divided Nation, the United States must— 
(A) honor the contribution of all pioneers 
in the United States who have helped to en-sure the legacy of the great United States; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE6.029 S26FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1171 February 26, 2015 
(B) move forward with purpose, united tire-
lessly as ‘‘one Nation . . . indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.’’. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 89—CON-
GRATULATING THE OREGON SHAKESPEARE FESTIVAL ON ITS 80TH YEAR 
Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. 
M
ERKLEY ) submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 89 
Whereas 2015 marks the 80th anniversary of 
the Oregon Shakespeare Festival, a major theater arts organization in Ashland, Or-egon, founded by Angus L. Bowmer in 1935; 
Whereas the Oregon Shakespeare Festival 
is one of the oldest and largest professional nonprofit theaters in the United States; 
Whereas Samuel Johnson wrote that Wil-
liam Shakespeare is ‘‘above all writers, at least above all modern writers . . . the poet that holds up to his readers a faithful mirror of manners and of life’’; 
Whereas William Shakespeare has had an 
extraordinary impact on culture and politics in the United States, including in the Sen-ate; 
Whereas the Tony Award-winning Oregon 
Shakespeare Festival includes performances not only of the works of Shakespeare but also of the works of classic and contem-porary playwrights; 
Whereas since its founding, the Oregon 
Shakespeare Festival has presented, on its Ashland, Oregon stages, 29,300 performances to more than 15,000,000 audience members; 
Whereas the Oregon Shakespeare Festival 
serves as a cornerstone of the economy of southwest Oregon and the entire Pacific Northwest, providing jobs for more than 500 individuals and nearly 700 volunteers and at-tracting tourists throughout the United States and the world; and 
Whereas the Oregon Shakespeare Festival 
is committed to the inclusion of diverse peo-ple, ideas, cultures, and traditions: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) congratulates the Oregon Shakespeare 
Festival on its 80th year; 
(2) recognizes and commends the cultural, 
economic, and social value provided by the work of the Oregon Shakespeare Festival; and 
(3) expresses support for the continued suc-
cess of the Oregon Shakespeare Festival. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 90—DESIG-
NATING FEBRUARY 2015 AS ‘‘AMERICAN HEART MONTH’’ AND FEBRUARY 6, 2015, AS ‘‘NATIONAL WEAR RED DAY’’ 
Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI , Mrs. C APITO , Ms. H EITKAMP , 
Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. D UR-
BIN, Ms. W ARREN , Mrs. B OXER , Ms. S TA-
BENOW , Ms. M IKULSKI , Ms. C ANTWELL , 
Ms. C OLLINS , Ms. A YOTTE , Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , Mrs. M URRAY , Mrs. F ISCHER , and 
Ms. K LOBUCHAR ) submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was consid-ered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 90 
Whereas heart disease affects men, women, 
and children of every age and race in the United States; 
Whereas heart disease continues to be the 
leading cause of death in the United States, taking the lives of approximately 600,000 in-dividuals in the United States each year and 
accounting for 1 in 4 deaths in the United States; 
Whereas congenital heart defects are the 
most common birth defect in the United States, as well as the leading killer of in-fants with birth defects; 
Whereas more than 1 in 3 adult men and 
women have some form of cardiovascular disease; 
Whereas every year an estimated 735,000 in-
dividuals in the United States have a heart attack; 
Whereas heart disease and stroke account 
for $320,000,000,000 in health care expendi-tures and lost productivity annually; 
Whereas heart disease and stroke will ac-
count for $918,000,000,000 in health care ex-penditures and lost productivity annually by 2030; 
Whereas individuals in the United States 
have made great progress in reducing the death rate for coronary heart disease, but this progress has been more modest with re-spect to such death rate of women and mi-norities; 
Whereas many people do not recognize that 
heart disease is the number 1 killer of women in the United States, taking the lives of more than 290,000 such women in 2010, and nearly 2/3 of women who unexpectedly die of heart disease have no previous symptoms of disease; 
Whereas nearly half of all African-Amer-
ican adults have some form of cardiovascular disease, including 48 percent of African- American women and 46 percent of African- American men; 
Whereas many minority women, including 
African-American, Hispanic, Asian-Amer-ican, and Native-American women and women from indigenous populations, have a greater prevalence of risk factors or are at a higher risk of death from heart disease, stroke, and other cardiovascular diseases, but such women are less likely to know of this risk; 
Whereas between 1965 and 2015, treatment 
of cardiovascular disease for women has largely been based on medical research on men; 
Whereas due to the differences in heart dis-
ease between males and females, more re-search and data on the effects of heart dis-ease treatments for women is vital; 
Whereas extensive clinical and statistical 
studies have identified major and contrib-uting factors that increase the risk of heart disease; 
Whereas the major risk factors, identified 
by such studies, include high blood pressure, high blood cholesterol, smoking tobacco products, exposure to tobacco smoke, phys-ical inactivity, obesity, and diabetes mellitus; 
Whereas an individual can greatly reduce 
the risk of cardiovascular disease through lifestyle modification coupled with medical treatment when necessary; 
Whereas greater awareness and early de-
tection of risk factors of heart disease can improve and save the lives of thousands of individuals in the United States each year; 
Whereas under the Joint Resolution enti-
tled ‘‘Joint Resolution to provide for the des-ignation of the month of February in each year as ‘American Heart Month’’’, approved December 30, 1963 (36 U.S.C. 101), Congress re-quested that the President issue an annual proclamation designating February as ‘‘American Heart Month’’; 
Whereas the National Heart, Lung, and 
Blood Institute of the National Institutes of Health, the American Heart Association, and many other organizations celebrate ‘‘Na-tional Wear Red Day’’ during February by ‘‘going red’’ to increase awareness about heart disease as the leading killer of women; 
and 
Whereas every year since 1964, the Presi-
dent has issued a proclamation designating the month of February as ‘‘American Heart Month’’: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) supports the goals and ideals of ‘‘Amer-
ican Heart Month’’ and ‘‘National Wear Red Day’’; 
(2) recognizes and reaffirms the commit-
ment in the United States to fighting heart disease and stroke by— 
(A) promoting awareness about the causes, 
risks, and prevention of heart disease and stroke; 
(B) supporting research on heart disease 
and stroke; and 
(C) expanding access to medical treatment; (3) commends the efforts of States, terri-
tories and possessions of the United States, localities, nonprofit organizations, busi-nesses, and other entities, and the people of the United States who support ‘‘American Heart Month’’ and ‘‘National Wear Red Day’’; and 
(4) encourages every individual in the 
United States to learn about their individual risk for heart disease. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 91—DESIG-
NATING MARCH 2, 2015, AS ‘‘READ ACROSS AMERICA DAY’’ 
Ms. COLLINS (for herself, Mr. R
EED, 
of Rhode Island and Mr. D URBIN ) sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 91 
Whereas reading is a basic requirement for 
quality education and professional success, and is a source of pleasure throughout life; 
Whereas the people of the United States 
must be able to read if the United States is to remain competitive in the global econ-omy; 
Whereas Congress has placed great empha-
sis on reading intervention and providing ad-ditional resources for reading assistance, in-cluding through the programs authorized by the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.) and through annual appropriations for library and literacy programs; and 
Whereas more than 50 national organiza-
tions concerned about reading and education have joined with the National Education As-sociation to designate March 2, the anniver-sary of the birth of Theodor Geisel (also known as ‘‘Dr. Seuss’’), as a day to celebrate reading: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) designates March 2, 2015, as ‘‘Read 
Across America Day’’; 
(2) honors Theodor Geisel (also known as 
‘‘Dr. Seuss’’) for his success in encouraging children to discover the joy of reading; 
(3) honors the 18
thanniversary of Read 
Across America Day; 
(4) encourages parents to read with their 
children for at least 30 minutes on Read Across America Day in honor of the commit-ment of the Senate to building a country of readers; and 
(5) encourages the people of the United 
States to observe Read Across America Day with appropriate ceremonies and activities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE6.031 S26FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1172 February 26, 2015 
SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-
TION 6—EXPRESSING THE SENSE OF CONGRESS THAT JOHN AR-THUR ‘‘JACK’’ JOHNSON SHOULD RECEIVE A POSTHUMOUS PAR-DON FOR THE RACIALLY MOTI-VATED CONVICTION IN 1913 THAT DIMINISHED THE ATHLETIC, CULTURAL, AND HISTORIC SIG-NIFICANCE OF JACK JOHNSON AND UNDULY TARNISHED HIS REPUTATION 
Mr. M
CCAIN (for himself and Mr. 
REID of Nevada) submitted the fol-
lowing concurrent resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. C ON. RES. 6 
Whereas John Arthur ‘‘Jack’’ Johnson was 
a flamboyant, defiant, and controversial fig-ure in the history of the United States who challenged racial biases; 
Whereas Jack Johnson was born in Gal-
veston, Texas, in 1878 to parents who were former slaves; 
Whereas Jack Johnson became a profes-
sional boxer and traveled throughout the United States, fighting White and African- American heavyweights; 
Whereas, after being denied (on purely ra-
cial grounds) the opportunity to fight 2 White champions, in 1908, Jack Johnson was granted an opportunity by an Australian promoter to fight the reigning White title- holder, Tommy Burns; 
Whereas Jack Johnson defeated Tommy 
Burns to become the first African-American to hold the title of Heavyweight Champion of the World; 
Whereas the victory by Jack Johnson over 
Tommy Burns prompted a search for a White boxer who could beat Jack Johnson, a re-cruitment effort that was dubbed the search 
for the ‘‘great white hope’’; 
Whereas, in 1910, a White former champion 
named Jim Jeffries left retirement to fight Jack Johnson in Reno, Nevada; 
Whereas Jim Jeffries lost to Jack Johnson 
in what was deemed the ‘‘Battle of the Cen-tury’’; 
Whereas the defeat of Jim Jeffries by Jack 
Johnson led to rioting, aggression against African-Americans, and the racially moti-vated murder of African-Americans through-out the United States; 
Whereas the relationships of Jack Johnson 
with White women compounded the resent-ment felt toward him by many Whites; 
Whereas, between 1901 and 1910, 754 Afri-
can-Americans were lynched, some for sim-ply for being ‘‘too familiar’’ with White women; 
Whereas, in 1910, Congress passed the Act 
of June 25, 1910 (commonly known as the ‘‘White Slave Traffic Act’’ or the ‘‘Mann Act’’) (18 U.S.C. 2421 et seq.), which outlawed the transportation of women in interstate or foreign commerce ‘‘for the purpose of pros-titution or debauchery, or for any other im-moral purpose’’; 
Whereas, in October 1912, Jack Johnson be-
came involved with a White woman whose mother disapproved of their relationship and sought action from the Department of Jus-tice, claiming that Jack Johnson had ab-ducted her daughter; 
Whereas Jack Johnson was arrested by 
Federal marshals on October 18, 1912, for transporting the woman across State lines for an ‘‘immoral purpose’’ in violation of the Mann Act; 
Whereas the Mann Act charges against 
Jack Johnson were dropped when the woman refused to cooperate with Federal authori-ties, and then married Jack Johnson; Whereas Federal authorities persisted and 
summoned a White woman named Belle Schreiber, who testified that Jack Johnson had transported her across State lines for the purpose of ‘‘prostitution and debauch-ery’’; 
Whereas, in 1913, Jack Johnson was con-
victed of violating the Mann Act and sen-tenced to 1 year and 1 day in Federal prison; 
Whereas Jack Johnson fled the United 
States to Canada and various European and South American countries; 
Whereas Jack Johnson lost the Heavy-
weight Championship title to Jess Willard in Cuba in 1915; 
Whereas Jack Johnson returned to the 
United States in July 1920, surrendered to authorities, and served nearly a year in the Federal penitentiary at Leavenworth, Kan-sas; 
Whereas Jack Johnson subsequently 
fought in boxing matches, but never regained the Heavyweight Championship title; 
Whereas Jack Johnson served the United 
States during World War II by encouraging citizens to buy war bonds and participating in exhibition boxing matches to promote the war bond cause; 
Whereas Jack Johnson died in an auto-
mobile accident in 1946; 
Whereas, in 1954, Jack Johnson was in-
ducted into the Boxing Hall of Fame; and 
Whereas, on July 29, 2009, the 111th Con-
gress agreed to Senate Concurrent Resolu-tion 29, which expressed the sense of the 111th Congress that Jack Johnson should re-ceive a posthumous pardon for his racially motivated 1913 conviction: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-
resentatives concurring), That it remains the 
sense of Congress that Jack Johnson should receive a posthumous pardon— 
(1) to expunge a racially motivated abuse 
of the prosecutorial authority of the Federal Government from the annals of criminal jus-tice in the United States; and 
(2) in recognition of the athletic and cul-
tural contributions of Jack Johnson to soci-ety. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 255. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. C OCHRAN  
(for himself, Ms. M IKULSKI , and Mrs. S HA-
HEEN )) proposed an amendment to the bill 
H.R. 240, making appropriations for the De-partment of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes. 
SA 256. Mr. M
CCONNELL proposed an 
amendment to amendment SA 255 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. C OCHRAN (for 
himself, Ms. M IKULSKI , and Mrs. S HAHEEN )) 
to the bill H.R. 240, supra. 
SA 257. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an 
amendment to the bill H.R. 240, supra. 
SA 258. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an 
amendment to amendment SA 257 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 240, supra. 
SA 259. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an 
amendment to the bill H.R. 240, supra. 
SA 260. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an 
amendment to amendment SA 259 proposed 
by Mr. M CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 240, supra. 
SA 261. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an 
amendment to amendment SA 260 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the amendment SA 259 
proposed by Mr. M CCONNELL to the bill H.R. 
240, supra. 
SA 262. Mr. CORNYN proposed an amend-
ment to the resolution S. Res. 76, welcoming the Prime Minister of Israel to the United States for his address to a joint meeting of Congress. 
SA 263. Mr. CORNYN proposed an amend-
ment to the resolution S. Res. 76, supra. TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 255. Mr. McCONNELL (for Mr. 
COCHRAN (for himself, Ms. M IKULSKI , 
and Mrs. S HAHEEN )) proposed an 
amendment to the bill H.R. 240, mak-ing appropriations for the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Strike all after the first word and insert 
the following: That the following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not other-wise appropriated, for the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes, namely: 
TITLE I 
DEPARTMENTAL MANAGEMENT AND 
OPERATIONS 
O
FFICE OF THE SECRETARY AND EXECUTIVE  
MANAGEMENT  
For necessary expenses of the Office of the 
Secretary of Homeland Security, as author-ized by section 102 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 112), and executive man-agement of the Department of Homeland Se-curity, as authorized by law, $132,573,000: Pro-
vided , That not to exceed $45,000 shall be for 
official reception and representation ex-penses: Provided further , That all official 
costs associated with the use of government aircraft by Department of Homeland Secu-rity personnel to support official travel of the Secretary and the Deputy Secretary shall be paid from amounts made available for the Immediate Office of the Secretary and the Immediate Office of the Deputy Sec-retary: Provided further , That not later than 
30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to the Committees on Appro-priations of the Senate and the House of Representatives, the Committees on the Ju-diciary of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the Committee on Homeland Se-curity of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, a com-prehensive plan for implementation of the biometric entry and exit data system re-quired under section 7208 of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (8 U.S.C. 1365b), including the estimated costs for implementation. 
O
FFICE OF THE UNDER SECRETARY FOR  
MANAGEMENT  
For necessary expenses of the Office of the 
Under Secretary for Management, as author-ized by sections 701 through 705 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 341 through 345), $187,503,000, of which not to ex-ceed $2,250 shall be for official reception and representation expenses: Provided , That of 
the total amount made available under this heading, $4,493,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2016, solely for the alter-ation and improvement of facilities, tenant improvements, and relocation costs to con-solidate Department headquarters oper-ations at the Nebraska Avenue Complex; and $6,000,000 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2016, for the Human Resources In-formation Technology program: Provided fur-
ther, That the Under Secretary for Manage-
ment shall include in the President’s budget proposal for fiscal year 2016, submitted pur-suant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, a Comprehensive Acquisition Status Report, which shall include the infor-mation required under the heading ‘‘Office of the Under Secretary for Management’’ under title I of division D of the Consolidated Ap-propriations Act, 2012 (Public Law 112–74), 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE6.036 S26FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1173 February 26, 2015 
and shall submit quarterly updates to such 
report not later than 45 days after the com-pletion of each quarter. 
O
FFICE OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
For necessary expenses of the Office of the 
Chief Financial Officer, as authorized by sec-tion 103 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 113), $52,020,000: Provided , That the 
Secretary of Homeland Security shall sub-mit to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives, at the time the President’s budget proposal for fiscal year 2016 is submitted pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, the Future Years Homeland Security Program, as authorized by section 874 of Public Law 107–296 (6 U.S.C. 454). 
O
FFICE OF THE CHIEF INFORMATION OFFICER  
For necessary expenses of the Office of the 
Chief Information Officer, as authorized by section 103 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 113), and Department-wide technology investments, $288,122,000; of which $99,028,000 shall be available for sala-ries and expenses; and of which $189,094,000, to remain available until September 30, 2016, shall be available for development and acqui-sition of information technology equipment, software, services, and related activities for the Department of Homeland Security. 
A
NALYSIS AND OPERATIONS  
For necessary expenses for intelligence 
analysis and operations coordination activi-ties, as authorized by title II of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 121 et seq.), $255,804,000; of which not to exceed $3,825 shall be for official reception and rep-resentation expenses; and of which $102,479,000 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2016. 
O
FFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  
For necessary expenses of the Office of In-
spector General in carrying out the provi-sions of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), $118,617,000; of which not to ex-ceed $300,000 may be used for certain con-fidential operational expenses, including the payment of informants, to be expended at the direction of the Inspector General. 
TITLE II 
SECURITY, ENFORCEMENT, AND 
INVESTIGATIONS 
U
NITED STATES CUSTOMS AND BORDER  
PROTECTION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For necessary expenses for enforcement of 
laws relating to border security, immigra-tion, customs, agricultural inspections and regulatory activities related to plant and animal imports, and transportation of unac-companied minor aliens; purchase and lease of up to 7,500 (6,500 for replacement only) po-lice-type vehicles; and contracting with indi-viduals for personal services abroad; $8,459,657,000; of which $3,274,000 shall be de-rived from the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund for administrative expenses related to the collection of the Harbor Maintenance Fee pursuant to section 9505(c)(3) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 (26 U.S.C. 9505(c)(3)) and notwithstanding section 1511(e)(1) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 551(e)(1)); of which $30,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2016, solely for the purpose of hiring, training, and equipping United States Customs and Border Protection officers at ports of entry; of which not to exceed $34,425 shall be for offi-cial reception and representation expenses; of which such sums as become available in the Customs User Fee Account, except sums subject to section 13031(f)(3) of the Consoli-dated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(f)(3)), shall be derived from that account; of which not to exceed $150,000 
shall be available for payment for rental space in connection with preclearance oper-ations; and of which not to exceed $1,000,000 shall be for awards of compensation to in-formants, to be accounted for solely under the certificate of the Secretary of Homeland Security: Provided , That for fiscal year 2015, 
the overtime limitation prescribed in section 5(c)(1) of the Act of February 13, 1911 (19 U.S.C. 267(c)(1)) shall be $35,000; and notwith-standing any other provision of law, none of the funds appropriated by this Act shall be available to compensate any employee of United States Customs and Border Protec-tion for overtime, from whatever source, in an amount that exceeds such limitation, ex-cept in individual cases determined by the Secretary of Homeland Security, or the des-ignee of the Secretary, to be necessary for national security purposes, to prevent exces-sive costs, or in cases of immigration emer-gencies: Provided further , That the Border 
Patrol shall maintain an active duty pres-ence of not less than 21,370 full-time equiva-lent agents protecting the borders of the United States in the fiscal year. 
AUTOMATION MODERNIZATION  
For necessary expenses for United States 
Customs and Border Protection for operation and improvement of automated systems, in-cluding salaries and expenses, $808,169,000; of which $446,075,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2017; and of which not less than $140,970,000 shall be for the develop-ment of the Automated Commercial Envi-ronment. 
BORDER SECURITY FENCING , INFRASTRUCTURE , 
AND TECHNOLOGY  
For expenses for border security fencing, 
infrastructure, and technology, $382,466,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017. 
AIR AND MARINE OPERATIONS  
For necessary expenses for the operations, 
maintenance, and procurement of marine vessels, aircraft, unmanned aircraft systems, the Air and Marine Operations Center, and other related equipment of the air and ma-rine program, including salaries and ex-penses, operational training, and mission-re-lated travel, the operations of which include the following: the interdiction of narcotics and other goods; the provision of support to Federal, State, and local agencies in the en-forcement or administration of laws enforced by the Department of Homeland Security; and, at the discretion of the Secretary of Homeland Security, the provision of assist-ance to Federal, State, and local agencies in other law enforcement and emergency hu-manitarian efforts; $750,469,000; of which $299,800,000 shall be available for salaries and expenses; and of which $450,669,000 shall re-main available until September 30, 2017: Pro-
vided , That no aircraft or other related 
equipment, with the exception of aircraft that are one of a kind and have been identi-fied as excess to United States Customs and Border Protection requirements and aircraft that have been damaged beyond repair, shall be transferred to any other Federal agency, department, or office outside of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security during fiscal year 2015 without prior notice to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives: Provided fur-
ther, That funding made available under this 
heading shall be available for customs ex-penses when necessary to maintain or to temporarily increase operations in Puerto Rico: Provided further , That the Secretary of 
Homeland Security shall report to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives, not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, on any changes to the 5-year strategic plan for the air and marine program required 
under the heading ‘‘Air and Marine Interdic-tion, Operations, and Maintenance’’ in Pub-lic Law 112–74. 
CONSTRUCTION AND FACILITIES MANAGEMENT  
For necessary expenses to plan, acquire, 
construct, renovate, equip, furnish, operate, manage, and maintain buildings, facilities, and related infrastructure necessary for the administration and enforcement of the laws relating to customs, immigration, and bor-der security, $288,821,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. 
U
NITED STATES IMMIGRATION AND CUSTOMS  
ENFORCEMENT  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For necessary expenses for enforcement of 
immigration and customs laws, detention and removals, and investigations, including intellectual property rights and overseas vetted units operations; and purchase and lease of up to 3,790 (2,350 for replacement only) police-type vehicles; $5,932,756,000; of which not to exceed $10,000,000 shall be avail-able until expended for conducting special operations under section 3131 of the Customs Enforcement Act of 1986 (19 U.S.C. 2081); of which not to exceed $11,475 shall be for offi-cial reception and representation expenses; of which not to exceed $2,000,000 shall be for awards of compensation to informants, to be accounted for solely under the certificate of the Secretary of Homeland Security; of which not less than $305,000 shall be for pro-motion of public awareness of the child por-nography tipline and activities to counter child exploitation; of which not less than $5,400,000 shall be used to facilitate agree-ments consistent with section 287(g) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1357(g)); of which not to exceed $40,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, is for maintenance, construction, and lease hold improvements at owned and leased fa-cilities; and of which not to exceed $11,216,000 shall be available to fund or reimburse other Federal agencies for the costs associated 
with the care, maintenance, and repatriation of smuggled aliens unlawfully present in the United States: Provided , That none of the 
funds made available under this heading shall be available to compensate any em-ployee for overtime in an annual amount in excess of $35,000, except that the Secretary of Homeland Security, or the designee of the Secretary, may waive that amount as nec-essary for national security purposes and in cases of immigration emergencies: Provided 
further , That of the total amount provided, 
$15,770,000 shall be for activities to enforce laws against forced child labor, of which not to exceed $6,000,000 shall remain available until expended: Provided further , That of the 
total amount available, not less than $1,600,000,000 shall be available to identify aliens convicted of a crime who may be de-portable, and to remove them from the United States once they are judged deport-able: Provided further , That the Secretary of 
Homeland Security shall prioritize the iden-tification and removal of aliens convicted of a crime by the severity of that crime: Pro-
vided further , That funding made available 
under this heading shall maintain a level of not less than 34,000 detention beds through September 30, 2015: Provided further , That of 
the total amount provided, not less than $3,431,444,000 is for detention, enforcement, and removal operations, including transpor-tation of unaccompanied minor aliens: Pro-
vided further , That of the amount provided 
for Custody Operations in the previous pro-viso, $45,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided further , That of 
the total amount provided for the Visa Secu-rity Program and international investiga-tions, $43,000,000 shall remain available until 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE6.040 S26FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1174 February 26, 2015 
September 30, 2016: Provided further , That not 
less than $15,000,000 shall be available for in-vestigation of intellectual property rights violations, including operation of the Na-tional Intellectual Property Rights Coordi-nation Center: Provided further , That none of 
the funds provided under this heading may be used to continue a delegation of law en-forcement authority authorized under sec-tion 287(g) of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1357(g)) if the Department of Homeland Security Inspector General de-termines that the terms of the agreement governing the delegation of authority have been materially violated: Provided further , 
That none of the funds provided under this heading may be used to continue any con-tract for the provision of detention services if the two most recent overall performance evaluations received by the contracted facil-ity are less than ‘‘adequate’’ or the equiva-lent median score in any subsequent per-formance evaluation system: Provided fur-
ther, That nothing under this heading shall 
prevent United States Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement from exercising those au-thorities provided under immigration laws (as defined in section 101(a)(17) of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(17))) during priority operations per-taining to aliens convicted of a crime: Pro-
vided further , That without regard to the lim-
itation as to time and condition of section 503(d) of this Act, the Secretary may propose to reprogram and transfer funds within and into this appropriation necessary to ensure the detention of aliens prioritized for re-moval. 
AUTOMATION MODERNIZATION  
For expenses of immigration and customs 
enforcement automated systems, $26,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017. 
T
RANSPORTATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION  
AVIATION SECURITY  
For necessary expenses of the Transpor-
tation Security Administration related to providing civil aviation security services pursuant to the Aviation and Transportation Security Act (Public Law 107–71; 115 Stat. 597; 49 U.S.C. 40101 note), $5,639,095,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2016; of which not to exceed $7,650 shall be for official reception and representation expenses: Pro-
vided , That any award to deploy explosives 
detection systems shall be based on risk, the airport’s current reliance on other screening solutions, lobby congestion resulting in in-creased security concerns, high injury rates, airport readiness, and increased cost effec-tiveness: Provided further , That security serv-
ice fees authorized under section 44940 of title 49, United States Code, shall be credited to this appropriation as offsetting collec-tions and shall be available only for aviation security: Provided further , That the sum ap-
propriated under this heading from the gen-eral fund shall be reduced on a dollar-for-dol-lar basis as such offsetting collections are re-ceived during fiscal year 2015 so as to result in a final fiscal year appropriation from the general fund estimated at not more than $3,574,095,000: Provided further , That the fees 
deposited under this heading in fiscal year 2013 and sequestered pursuant to section 251A of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Def-icit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901a), that are currently unavailable for obligation, are hereby permanently cancelled: Provided fur-
ther, That notwithstanding section 44923 of 
title 49, United States Code, for fiscal year 2015, any funds in the Aviation Security Cap-ital Fund established by section 44923(h) of title 49, United States Code, may be used for the procurement and installation of explo-sives detection systems or for the issuance of other transaction agreements for the pur-pose of funding projects described in section 
44923(a) of such title: Provided further , That 
notwithstanding any other provision of law, mobile explosives detection equipment pur-chased and deployed using funds made avail-able under this heading may be moved and redeployed to meet evolving passenger and baggage screening security priorities at air-ports: Provided further , That none of the 
funds made available in this Act may be used for any recruiting or hiring of personnel into the Transportation Security Administration that would cause the agency to exceed a staffing level of 45,000 full-time equivalent screeners: Provided further , That the pre-
ceding proviso shall not apply to personnel hired as part-time employees: Provided fur-
ther, That not later than 90 days after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Adminis-trator of the Transportation Security Ad-ministration shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the 
House of Representatives a detailed report on— 
(1) the Department of Homeland Security 
efforts and resources being devoted to de-velop more advanced integrated passenger screening technologies for the most effective security of passengers and baggage at the lowest possible operating and acquisition costs, including projected funding levels for each fiscal year for the next 5 years or until project completion, whichever is earlier; 
(2) how the Transportation Security Ad-
ministration is deploying its existing pas-senger and baggage screener workforce in the most cost effective manner; and 
(3) labor savings from the deployment of 
improved technologies for passenger and baggage screening and how those savings are being used to offset security costs or rein-vested to address security vulnerabilities: 
Provided further , That not later than April 15, 
2015, the Administrator of the Transpor-tation Security Administration shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives, a semiannual report updating information on a strategy to increase the number of air pas-sengers eligible for expedited screening, in-cluding: 
(1) specific benchmarks and performance 
measures to increase participation in Pre- Check by air carriers, airports, and pas-sengers; 
(2) options to facilitate direct application 
for enrollment in Pre-Check through the Transportation Security Administration’s Web site, airports, and other enrollment lo-cations; 
(3) use of third parties to pre-screen pas-
sengers for expedited screening; 
(4) inclusion of populations already vetted 
by the Transportation Security Administra-tion and other trusted populations as eligible for expedited screening; 
(5) resource implications of expedited pas-
senger screening resulting from the use of risk-based security methods; and 
(6) the total number and percentage of pas-
sengers using Pre-Check lanes who: 
(A) have enrolled in Pre-Check since 
Transportation Security Administration en-rollment centers were established; 
(B) enrolled using the Transportation Se-
curity Administration’s Pre-Check applica-tion Web site; 
(C) were enrolled as frequent flyers of a 
participating airline; 
(D) utilized Pre-Check as a result of their 
enrollment in a Trusted Traveler program of United States Customs and Border Protec-tion; 
(E) were selectively identified to partici-
pate in expedited screening through the use of Managed Inclusion in fiscal year 2014; and 
(F) are enrolled in all other Pre-Check cat-
egories: Provided further , That Members of the United 
States House of Representatives and United States Senate, including the leadership; the heads of Federal agencies and commissions, including the Secretary, Deputy Secretary, Under Secretaries, and Assistant Secretaries of the Department of Homeland Security; the United States Attorney General, Deputy Attorney General, Assistant Attorneys Gen-eral, and the United States Attorneys; and senior members of the Executive Office of the President, including the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, shall not be exempt from Federal passenger and bag-gage screening. 
SURFACE TRANSPORTATION SECURITY  
For necessary expenses of the Transpor-
tation Security Administration related to surface transportation security activities, $123,749,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2016. 
INTELLIGENCE AND VETTING  
For necessary expenses for the develop-
ment and implementation of intelligence and vetting activities, $219,166,000, to remain available until September 30, 2016. 
TRANSPORTATION SECURITY SUPPORT  
For necessary expenses of the Transpor-
tation Security Administration related to transportation security support pursuant to the Aviation and Transportation Security Act (Public Law 107–71; 115 Stat. 597; 49 U.S.C. 40101 note), $917,226,000, to remain available until September 30, 2016: Provided , 
That not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration shall submit to the Committees on Appro-priations of the Senate and the House of Representatives— 
(1) a report providing evidence dem-
onstrating that behavioral indicators can be used to identify passengers who may pose a threat to aviation security and the plans that will be put into place to collect addi-tional performance data; and 
(2) a report addressing each of the rec-
ommendations outlined in the report enti-tled ‘‘TSA Needs Additional Information Be-fore Procuring Next-Generation Systems’’, published by the Government Accountability Office on March 31, 2014, and describing the steps the Transportation Security Adminis-tration is taking to implement acquisition best practices, increase industry engage-ment, and improve transparency with regard to technology acquisition programs: Provided further , That of the funds provided 
under this heading, $25,000,000 shall be with-held from obligation for Headquarters Ad-ministration until the submission of the re-ports required by paragraphs (1) and (2) of the preceding proviso. 
C
OAST GUARD  
OPERATING EXPENSES  
For necessary expenses for the operation 
and maintenance of the Coast Guard, not otherwise provided for; purchase or lease of not to exceed 25 passenger motor vehicles, which shall be for replacement only; pur-chase or lease of small boats for contingent and emergent requirements (at a unit cost of no more than $700,000) and repairs and serv-ice-life replacements, not to exceed a total of $31,000,000; purchase or lease of boats nec-essary for overseas deployments and activi-ties; minor shore construction projects not exceeding $1,000,000 in total cost on any loca-tion; payments pursuant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377 (42 U.S.C. 402 note; 96 Stat. 1920); and recreation and welfare; $7,043,318,000, of which $553,000,000 shall be for defense-related activities, of which $213,000,000 is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE6.040 S26FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1175 February 26, 2015 
on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A) 
of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Def-icit Control Act of 1985 and shall be available only if the President subsequently so des-ignates all such amounts and transmits such designations to the Congress; of which $24,500,000 shall be derived from the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund to carry out the pur-poses of section 1012(a)(5) of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2712(a)(5)); and of which not to exceed $15,300 shall be for official re-ception and representation expenses: Pro-
vided , That none of the funds made available 
by this Act shall be for expenses incurred for recreational vessels under section 12114 of title 46, United States Code, except to the ex-tent fees are collected from owners of yachts and credited to this appropriation: Provided 
further , That to the extent fees are insuffi-
cient to pay expenses of recreational vessel documentation under such section 12114, and there is a backlog of recreational vessel ap-plications, then personnel performing non- recreational vessel documentation functions under subchapter II of chapter 121 of title 46, United States Code, may perform docu-mentation under section 12114: Provided fur-
ther, That of the funds provided under this 
heading, $85,000,000 shall be withheld from obligation for Coast Guard Headquarters Di-rectorates until a future-years capital in-vestment plan for fiscal years 2016 through 2020, as specified under the heading ‘‘Coast Guard, Acquisition, Construction, and Im-provements’’ of this Act, is submitted to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives: Provided 
further , That funds made available under this 
heading for Overseas Contingency Oper-ations/Global War on Terrorism may be allo-cated by program, project, and activity, not-withstanding section 503 of this Act: Provided 
further , That , without regard to the limita-
tion as to time and condition of section 503(d) of this Act, after June 30, up to $10,000,000 may be reprogrammed to or from Military Pay and Allowances in accordance with subsections (a), (b), and (c) of section 503. 
ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE AND  
RESTORATION  
For necessary expenses to carry out the 
environmental compliance and restoration functions of the Coast Guard under chapter 19 of title 14, United States Code, $13,197,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019. 
RESERVE TRAINING  
For necessary expenses of the Coast Guard 
Reserve, as authorized by law; operations and maintenance of the Coast Guard reserve program; personnel and training costs; and equipment and services; $114,572,000. 
ACQUISITION , CONSTRUCTION , AND 
IMPROVEMENTS  
For necessary expenses of acquisition, con-
struction, renovation, and improvement of aids to navigation, shore facilities, vessels, and aircraft, including equipment related thereto; and maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equip-ment; as authorized by law; $1,225,223,000; of which $20,000,000 shall be derived from the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund to carry out the purposes of section 1012(a)(5) of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2712(a)(5)); and of which the following amounts shall be available until September 30, 2019 (except as subsequently specified): $6,000,000 for mili-tary family housing; $824,347,000 to acquire, effect major repairs to, renovate, or improve vessels, small boats, and related equipment; $180,000,000 to acquire, effect major repairs to, renovate, or improve aircraft or increase aviation capability; $59,300,000 for other ac-quisition programs; $40,580,000 for shore fa-cilities and aids to navigation, including fa-cilities at Department of Defense installa-
tions used by the Coast Guard; and $114,996,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2015, for personnel compensation and benefits and related costs: Provided , That 
the funds provided by this Act shall be im-mediately available and allotted to contract for the production of the eighth National Se-curity Cutter notwithstanding the avail-ability of funds for post-production costs: Provided further , That the Commandant of 
the Coast Guard shall submit to the Commit-tees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, at the time the President’s budget proposal for fiscal year 2016 is sub-mitted pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, a future-years capital 
investment plan for the Coast Guard that identifies for each requested capital asset— 
(1) the proposed appropriations included in 
that budget; 
(2) the total estimated cost of completion, 
including and clearly delineating the costs of associated major acquisition systems infra-structure and transition to operations; 
(3) projected funding levels for each fiscal 
year for the next 5 fiscal years or until ac-quisition program baseline or project com-pletion, whichever is earlier; 
(4) an estimated completion date at the 
projected funding levels; and 
(5) a current acquisition program baseline 
for each capital asset, as applicable, that— 
(A) includes the total acquisition cost of 
each asset, subdivided by fiscal year and in-cluding a detailed description of the purpose of the proposed funding levels for each fiscal year, including for each fiscal year funds re-quested for design, pre-acquisition activities, production, structural modifications, missionization, post-delivery, and transition to operations costs; 
(B) includes a detailed project schedule 
through completion, subdivided by fiscal year, that details— 
(i) quantities planned for each fiscal year; 
and 
(ii) major acquisition and project events, 
including development of operational re-quirements, contracting actions, design re-views, production, delivery, test and evalua-tion, and transition to operations, including necessary training, shore infrastructure, and logistics; 
(C) notes and explains any deviations in 
cost, performance parameters, schedule, or estimated date of completion from the origi-nal acquisition program baseline and the most recent baseline approved by the De-partment of Homeland Security’s Acquisi-tion Review Board, if applicable; 
(D) aligns the acquisition of each asset to 
mission requirements by defining existing capabilities of comparable legacy assets, identifying known capability gaps between such existing capabilities and stated mission requirements, and explaining how the acqui-sition of each asset will address such known capability gaps; 
(E) defines life-cycle costs for each asset 
and the date of the estimate on which such costs are based, including all associated costs of major acquisitions systems infra-structure and transition to operations, delin-eated by purpose and fiscal year for the pro-jected service life of the asset; 
(F) includes the earned value management 
system summary schedule performance index and cost performance index for each asset, if applicable; and 
(G) includes a phase-out and decommis-
sioning schedule delineated by fiscal year for each existing legacy asset that each asset is intended to replace or recapitalize: Provided further , That the Commandant of 
the Coast Guard shall ensure that amounts specified in the future-years capital invest-ment plan are consistent, to the maximum extent practicable, with proposed appropria-tions necessary to support the programs, projects, and activities of the Coast Guard in the President’s budget proposal for fiscal year 2016, submitted pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code: Pro-
vided further , That any inconsistencies be-
tween the capital investment plan and pro-posed appropriations shall be identified and justified: Provided further , That the Director 
of the Office of Management and Budget shall not delay the submission of the capital investment plan referred to by the preceding provisos: Provided further , That the Director 
of the Office of Management and Budget shall have no more than a single period of 10 consecutive business days to review the cap-ital investment plan prior to submission: Provided further , That the Secretary of 
Homeland Security shall notify the Commit-tees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives one day after the capital in-vestment plan is submitted to the Office of Management and Budget for review and the Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall notify the Committees on Ap-propriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives, the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives when such review is com-pleted: Provided further , That subsections (a) 
and (b) of section 6402 of Public Law 110–28 shall hereafter apply with respect to the amounts made available under this heading. 
RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST, AND 
EVALUATION  
For necessary expenses for applied sci-
entific research, development, test, and eval-uation; and for maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equip-ment; as authorized by law; $17,892,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2017, of which $500,000 shall be derived from the Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund to carry out the purposes of section 1012(a)(5) of the Oil Pollu-tion Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2712(a)(5)): Pro-
vided , That there may be credited to and 
used for the purposes of this appropriation funds received from State and local govern-ments, other public authorities, private sources, and foreign countries for expenses incurred for research, development, testing, and evaluation. 
RETIRED PAY  
For retired pay, including the payment of 
obligations otherwise chargeable to lapsed appropriations for this purpose, payments under the Retired Serviceman’s Family Pro-tection and Survivor Benefits Plans, pay-ment for career status bonuses, concurrent receipts, and combat-related special com-pensation under the National Defense Au-thorization Act, and payments for medical care of retired personnel and their depend-ents under chapter 55 of title 10, United States Code, $1,450,626,000, to remain avail-able until expended. 
U
NITED STATES SECRET SERVICE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For necessary expenses of the United 
States Secret Service, including purchase of not to exceed 652 vehicles for police-type use for replacement only; hire of passenger motor vehicles; purchase of motorcycles made in the United States; hire of aircraft; services of expert witnesses at such rates as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE6.040 S26FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1176 February 26, 2015 
may be determined by the Director of the 
United States Secret Service; rental of build-ings in the District of Columbia, and fencing, lighting, guard booths, and other facilities on private or other property not in Govern-ment ownership or control, as may be nec-essary to perform protective functions; pay-ment of per diem or subsistence allowances to employees in cases in which a protective assignment on the actual day or days of the visit of a protectee requires an employee to work 16 hours per day or to remain overnight at a post of duty; conduct of and participa-tion in firearms matches; presentation of awards; travel of United States Secret Serv-ice employees on protective missions with-out regard to the limitations on such ex-penditures in this or any other Act if ap-proval is obtained in advance from the Com-mittees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives; research and development; grants to conduct behavioral research in support of protective research and operations; and payment in advance for commercial accommodations as may be nec-essary to perform protective functions; $1,615,860,000; of which not to exceed $19,125 shall be for official reception and representa-tion expenses; of which not to exceed $100,000 shall be to provide technical assistance and equipment to foreign law enforcement orga-nizations in counterfeit investigations; of which $2,366,000 shall be for forensic and re-lated support of investigations of missing and exploited children; of which $6,000,000 shall be for a grant for activities related to investigations of missing and exploited chil-dren and shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2016; and of which not less than $12,000,000 shall be for activities related to training in electronic crimes investigations and forensics: Provided , That $18,000,000 for 
protective travel shall remain available until September 30, 2016: Provided further , 
That $4,500,000 for National Special Security Events shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2016: Provided further , That the 
United States Secret Service is authorized to obligate funds in anticipation of reimburse-ments from Federal agencies and entities, as defined in section 105 of title 5, United States Code, for personnel receiving training spon-sored by the James J. Rowley Training Cen-ter, except that total obligations at the end of the fiscal year shall not exceed total budg-etary resources available under this heading at the end of the fiscal year: Provided further , 
That none of the funds made available under this heading shall be available to com-pensate any employee for overtime in an an-nual amount in excess of $35,000, except that 
the Secretary of Homeland Security, or the designee of the Secretary, may waive that amount as necessary for national security purposes: Provided further , That none of the 
funds made available to the United States Secret Service by this Act or by previous ap-propriations Acts may be made available for the protection of the head of a Federal agen-cy other than the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity: Provided further , That the Director of 
the United States Secret Service may enter into an agreement to provide such protection on a fully reimbursable basis: Provided fur-
ther, That none of the funds made available 
to the United States Secret Service by this Act or by previous appropriations Acts may be obligated for the purpose of opening a new permanent domestic or overseas office or lo-cation unless the Committees on Appropria-tions of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives are notified 15 days in advance of such obligation: Provided further , That not 
later than 90 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Director of the United States Secret Service shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives, a report providing evidence that the United States 
Secret Service has sufficiently reviewed its professional standards of conduct; and has issued new guidance and procedures for the conduct of employees when engaged in over-seas operations and protective missions, con-sistent with the critical missions of, and the unique position of public trust occupied by, the United States Secret Service: Provided 
further , That of the funds provided under this 
heading, $10,000,000 shall be withheld from obligation for Headquarters, Management and Administration until such report is sub-mitted: Provided further , That for purposes of 
section 503(b) of this Act, $15,000,000 or 10 per-cent, whichever is less, may be transferred between Protection of Persons and Facilities and Domestic Field Operations. 
ACQUISITION , CONSTRUCTION , IMPROVEMENTS , 
AND RELATED EXPENSES  
For necessary expenses for acquisition, 
construction, repair, alteration, and im-provement of physical and technological in-frastructure, $49,935,000; of which $5,380,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, shall be for acquisition, construction, im-provement, and maintenance of the James J. Rowley Training Center; and of which $44,555,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2017, shall be for Information Inte-gration and Technology Transformation pro-gram execution. 
TITLE III 
PROTECTION, PREPAREDNESS, 
RESPONSE, AND RECOVERY 
N
ATIONAL PROTECTION AND PROGRAMS  
DIRECTORATE  
MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION  
For salaries and expenses of the Office of 
the Under Secretary for the National Protec-tion and Programs Directorate, support for operations, and information technology, $61,651,000: Provided , That not to exceed $3,825 
shall be for official reception and representa-tion expenses: Provided further , That the 
President’s budget proposal for fiscal year 2016, submitted pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, shall be detailed by office, and by program, project, and activ-ity level, for the National Protection and Programs Directorate. 
INFRASTRUCTURE PROTECTION AND  
INFORMATION SECURITY  
For necessary expenses for infrastructure 
protection and information security pro-grams and activities, as authorized by title II of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 121 et seq.), $1,188,679,000, of which $225,000,000 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2016: Provided , That if, due to 
delays in contract actions, the National Pro-tection and Programs Directorate will not fully obligate funds for Federal Network Se-curity or for Network Security Deployment program, project, and activities as provided in the accompanying statement and section 548 of this Act, such funds may be applied to Next Generation Networks program, project, and activities, notwithstanding section 503 of this Act. 
FEDERAL PROTECTIVE SERVICE  
The revenues and collections of security 
fees credited to this account shall be avail-able until expended for necessary expenses related to the protection of federally owned and leased buildings and for the operations of the Federal Protective Service: Provided , 
That the Director of the Federal Protective Service shall submit at the time the Presi-dent’s budget proposal for fiscal year 2016 is submitted pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, a strategic human capital plan that aligns fee collections to personnel requirements based on a current threat assessment. OFFICE OF BIOMETRIC IDENTITY MANAGEMENT  
For necessary expenses for the Office of Bi-
ometric Identity Management, as authorized by section 7208 of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (8 U.S.C. 1365b), $252,056,000: Provided , That of 
the total amount made available under this heading, $122,150,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2017. 
O
FFICE OF HEALTH AFFAIRS  
For necessary expenses of the Office of 
Health Affairs, $129,358,000; of which $26,148,000 is for salaries and expenses and $86,891,000 is for BioWatch operations: Pro-
vided , That of the amount made available 
under this heading, $16,319,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2016, for bio-surveillance, chemical defense, medical and health planning and coordination, and work-force health protection: Provided further , 
That not to exceed $2,250 shall be for official reception and representation expenses. 
F
EDERAL EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT AGENCY  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For necessary expenses of the Federal 
Emergency Management Agency, $934,396,000, including activities authorized by the Na-tional Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.), the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.), the Cerro Grande Fire Assistance Act of 2000 (division C, title I, 114 Stat. 583), the Earthquake Hazards Reduc-tion Act of 1977 (42 U.S.C. 7701 et seq.), the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. App. 2061 et seq.), sections 107 and 303 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 404, 405), Reorganization Plan No. 3 of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), the National Dam Safety Pro-gram Act (33 U.S.C. 467 et seq.), the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 et seq.), the Implementing Recommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–53), the Federal Fire Prevention and Con-trol Act of 1974 (15 U.S.C. 2201 et seq.), the Post-Katrina Emergency Management Re-form Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–295; 120 Stat. 1394), the Biggert-Waters Flood Insur-ance Reform Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–141, 126 Stat. 916), and the Homeowner Flood In-surance Affordability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–89): Provided , That not to exceed $2,250 
shall be for official reception and representa-tion expenses: Provided further , That of the 
total amount made available under this heading, $35,180,000 shall be for the Urban Search and Rescue Response System, of which none is available for Federal Emer-gency Management Agency administrative costs: Provided further , That of the total 
amount made available under this heading, $30,000,000 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2016, for capital improvements and other expenses related to continuity of operations at the Mount Weather Emergency Operations Center: Provided further , That of 
the total amount made available, $3,400,000 shall be for the Office of National Capital Region Coordination: Provided further , That 
of the total amount made available under this heading, not less than $4,000,000 shall re-main available until September 30, 2016, for expenses related to modernization of auto-mated systems. 
STATE AND LOCAL PROGRAMS  
For grants, contracts, cooperative agree-
ments, and other activities, $1,500,000,000, which shall be allocated as follows: 
(1) $467,000,000 shall be for the State Home-
land Security Grant Program under section 2004 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 605), of which not less than $55,000,000 shall be for Operation Stonegarden: Provided , 
That notwithstanding subsection (c)(4) of such section 2004, for fiscal year 2015, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico shall make 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE6.040 S26FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1177 February 26, 2015 
available to local and tribal governments 
amounts provided to the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico under this paragraph in accord-ance with subsection (c)(1) of such section 2004. 
(2) $600,000,000 shall be for the Urban Area 
Security Initiative under section 2003 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 604), of which not less than $13,000,000 shall be for organizations (as described under section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from tax under section 501(a) of such code) determined by the Secretary of Homeland Security to be at high risk of a terrorist attack. 
(3) $100,000,000 shall be for Public Transpor-
tation Security Assistance, Railroad Secu-rity Assistance, and Over-the-Road Bus Se-curity Assistance under sections 1406, 1513, and 1532 of the Implementing Recommenda-tions of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–53; 6 U.S.C. 1135, 1163, and 1182), of which not less than $10,000,000 shall be for Amtrak security and $3,000,000 shall be for Over-the-Road Bus Security: Provided , 
That such public transportation security as-sistance shall be provided directly to public transportation agencies. 
(4) $100,000,000 shall be for Port Security 
Grants in accordance with 46 U.S.C. 70107. 
(5) $233,000,000 shall be to sustain current 
operations for training, exercises, technical assistance, and other programs, of which $162,991,000 shall be for training of State, local, and tribal emergency response pro-viders: 
Provided , That for grants under paragraphs 
(1) through (4), applications for grants shall be made available to eligible applicants not later than 60 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act, that eligible applicants shall submit applications not later than 80 days after the grant announcement, and the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall act within 65 days after the receipt of an application: Provided 
further , That notwithstanding section 
2008(a)(11) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 609(a)(11)) or any other provi-sion of law, a grantee may not use more than 5 percent of the amount of a grant made available under this heading for expenses di-rectly related to administration of the grant: Provided further , That for grants under para-
graphs (1) and (2), the installation of commu-nications towers is not considered construc-tion of a building or other physical facility: 
Provided further , That grantees shall provide 
reports on their use of funds, as determined necessary by the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity: Provided further , That notwith-
standing section 509 of this Act, the Admin-istrator of the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency may use the funds provided in paragraph (5) to acquire real property for the purpose of establishing or appropriately ex-tending the security buffer zones around Federal Emergency Management Agency training facilities. 
FIREFIGHTER ASSISTANCE GRANTS  
For grants for programs authorized by the 
Federal Fire Prevention and Control Act of 1974 (15 U.S.C. 2201 et seq.), $680,000,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2016, of which $340,000,000 shall be available to carry out section 33 of that Act (15 U.S.C. 2229) and $340,000,000 shall be available to carry out section 34 of that Act (15 U.S.C. 2229a). 
EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT PERFORMANCE  
GRANTS  
For emergency management performance 
grants, as authorized by the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.), the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.), the Earthquake Hazards Reduction Act of 1977 (42 U.S.C. 7701 et seq.), and Reorga-nization Plan No. 3 of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), 
$350,000,000. 
RADIOLOGICAL EMERGENCY PREPAREDNESS  
PROGRAM  
The aggregate charges assessed during fis-
cal year 2015, as authorized in title III of the Departments of Veterans Affairs and Hous-ing and Urban Development, and Inde-pendent Agencies Appropriations Act, 1999 (42 U.S.C. 5196e), shall not be less than 100 percent of the amounts anticipated by the Department of Homeland Security necessary for its radiological emergency preparedness program for the next fiscal year: Provided , 
That the methodology for assessment and collection of fees shall be fair and equitable and shall reflect costs of providing such serv-
ices, including administrative costs of col-lecting such fees: Provided further , That fees 
received under this heading shall be depos-ited in this account as offsetting collections and will become available for authorized pur-poses on October 1, 2015, and remain avail-able until expended. 
UNITED STATES FIRE ADMINISTRATION  
For necessary expenses of the United 
States Fire Administration and for other purposes, as authorized by the Federal Fire Prevention and Control Act of 1974 (15 U.S.C. 2201 et seq.) and the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 et seq.), $44,000,000. 
DISASTER RELIEF FUND  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
For necessary expenses in carrying out the 
Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.), $7,033,464,494, to remain available until ex-pended, of which $24,000,000 shall be trans-ferred to the Department of Homeland Secu-rity Office of Inspector General for audits and investigations related to disasters: Pro-
vided , That the Administrator of the Federal 
Emergency Management Agency shall sub-mit to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives the following reports, including a specific de-scription of the methodology and the source data used in developing such reports: 
(1) an estimate of the following amounts 
shall be submitted for the budget year at the time that the President’s budget proposal for fiscal year 2016 is submitted pursuant to sec-tion 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code: 
(A) the unobligated balance of funds to be 
carried over from the prior fiscal year to the budget year; 
(B) the unobligated balance of funds to be 
carried over from the budget year to the budget year plus 1; 
(C) the amount of obligations for non-cata-
strophic events for the budget year; 
(D) the amount of obligations for the budg-
et year for catastrophic events delineated by event and by State; 
(E) the total amount that has been pre-
viously obligated or will be required for cat-astrophic events delineated by event and by State for all prior years, the current year, the budget year, the budget year plus 1, the budget year plus 2, and the budget year plus 3 and beyond; 
(F) the amount of previously obligated 
funds that will be recovered for the budget year; 
(G) the amount that will be required for 
obligations for emergencies, as described in section 102(1) of the Robert T. Stafford Dis-aster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5122(1)), major disasters, as de-scribed in section 102(2) of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency As-sistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5122(2)), fire manage-ment assistance grants, as described in sec-tion 420 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5187), surge activities, and disaster readiness and support activities; and (H) the amount required for activities not 
covered under section 251(b)(2)(D)(iii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901(b)(2)(D)(iii); Public Law 99–177); 
(2) an estimate or actual amounts, if avail-
able, of the following for the current fiscal year shall be submitted not later than the fifth day of each month, and shall be pub-lished by the Administrator on the Agency’s Web site not later than the fifth day of each month: 
(A) a summary of the amount of appropria-
tions made available by source, the transfers executed, the previously allocated funds re-covered, and the commitments, allocations, and obligations made; 
(B) a table of disaster relief activity delin-
eated by month, including— 
(i) the beginning and ending balances; (ii) the total obligations to include 
amounts obligated for fire assistance, emer-gencies, surge, and disaster support activi-ties; 
(iii) the obligations for catastrophic events 
delineated by event and by State; and 
(iv) the amount of previously obligated 
funds that are recovered; 
(C) a summary of allocations, obligations, 
and expenditures for catastrophic events de-lineated by event; 
(D) in addition, for a disaster declaration 
related to Hurricane Sandy, the cost of the following categories of spending: public as-sistance, individual assistance, mitigation, administrative, operations, and any other relevant category (including emergency measures and disaster resources); and 
(E) the date on which funds appropriated 
will be exhausted: 
Provided further , That the Administrator 
shall publish on the Agency’s Web site not later than 5 days after an award of a public assistance grant under section 406 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5172) the spe-cifics of the grant award: Provided further , 
That for any mission assignment or mission assignment task order to another Federal de-partment or agency regarding a major dis-aster, not later than 5 days after the issuance of the mission assignment or task order, the Administrator shall publish on the 
Agency’s website the following: the name of the impacted State and the disaster declara-tion for such State, the assigned agency, the assistance requested, a description of the dis-aster, the total cost estimate, and the amount obligated: Provided further , That not 
later than 10 days after the last day of each month until the mission assignment or task order is completed and closed out, the Ad-ministrator shall update any changes to the total cost estimate and the amount obli-gated: Provided further , That of the amount 
provided under this heading, $6,437,792,622 shall be for major disasters declared pursu-ant to the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.): Provided further , That the 
amount in the preceding proviso is des-ignated by the Congress as being for disaster relief pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(D) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
FLOOD HAZARD MAPPING AND RISK ANALYSIS  
PROGRAM  
For necessary expenses, including adminis-
trative costs, under section 1360 of the Na-tional Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4101), and under sections 100215, 100216, 100226, 100230, and 100246 of the Biggert-Waters Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2012, (Public Law 112–141, 126 Stat. 916), $100,000,000, and such additional sums as may be provided by State and local governments or other polit-ical subdivisions for cost-shared mapping ac-tivities under section 1360(f)(2) of such Act 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE6.040 S26FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1178 February 26, 2015 
(42 U.S.C. 4101(f)(2)), to remain available 
until expended. 
NATIONAL FLOOD INSURANCE FUND  
For activities under the National Flood In-
surance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.), the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 (42 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.), the Biggert-Waters Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2012 (subtitle A of title II of division F of Public Law 112–141; 126 Stat. 916), and the Homeowner Flood In-surance Affordability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–89; 128 Stat. 1020), $179,294,000, which shall remain available until September 30, 2016, and shall be derived from offsetting amounts collected under section 1308(d) of the Na-tional Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4015(d)); which is available for salaries and expenses associated with flood mitigation and flood insurance operations; and flood-plain management and additional amounts for flood mapping: Provided , That of such 
amount, $23,759,000 shall be available for sal-aries and expenses associated with flood mitigation and flood insurance operations and $155,535,000 shall be available for flood plain management and flood mapping: Pro-
vided further , That any additional fees col-
lected pursuant to section 1308(d) of the Na-tional Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4015(d)) shall be credited as an offsetting col-lection to this account, to be available for flood plain management and flood mapping: Provided further , That in fiscal year 2015, no 
funds shall be available from the National Flood Insurance Fund under section 1310 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4017) in excess of: 
(1) $136,000,000 for operating expenses; 
(2) $1,139,000,000 for commissions and taxes 
of agents; 
(3) such sums as are necessary for interest 
on Treasury borrowings; and 
(4) $150,000,000, which shall remain avail-
able until expended, for flood mitigation ac-tions and for flood mitigation assistance under section 1366 of the National Flood In-surance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4104c), notwith-standing sections 1366(e) and 1310(a)(7) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 4104c(e), 4017): 
Provided further , That the amounts collected 
under section 102 of the Flood Disaster Pro-tection Act of 1973 (42 U.S.C. 4012a) and sec-tion 1366(e) of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 shall be deposited in the National Flood Insurance Fund to supplement other amounts specified as available for section 1366 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968, notwithstanding section 102(f)(8), sec-tion 1366(e), and paragraphs (1) through (3) of section 1367(b) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 4012a(f)(8), 4104c(e), 4104d(b)(1)–(3)): Provided 
further , That total administrative costs shall 
not exceed 4 percent of the total appropria-tion: Provided further , That $5,000,000 is avail-
able to carry out section 24 of the Home-owner Flood Insurance Affordability Act of 2014 (42 U.S.C. 4033). 
NATIONAL PREDISASTER MITIGATION FUND  
For the predisaster mitigation grant pro-
gram under section 203 of the Robert T. Staf-ford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assist-ance Act (42 U.S.C. 5133), $25,000,000, to re-main available until expended. 
EMERGENCY FOOD AND SHELTER  
To carry out the emergency food and shel-
ter program pursuant to title III of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11331 et seq.), $120,000,000, to re-main available until expended: Provided , 
That total administrative costs shall not ex-ceed 3.5 percent of the total amount made available under this heading. TITLE IV 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TRAINING, 
AND SERVICES 
U
NITED STATES CITIZENSHIP AND IMMIGRATION  
SERVICES  
For necessary expenses for citizenship and 
immigration services, $124,435,000 for the E- Verify Program, as described in section 403(a) of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1324a note), to assist United States employers with maintaining a legal work-force: Provided , That , notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, funds otherwise made available to United States Citizenship and Immigration Services may be used to ac-quire, operate, equip, and dispose of up to 5 vehicles, for replacement only, for areas where the Administrator of General Services does not provide vehicles for lease: Provided 
further , That the Director of United States 
Citizenship and Immigration Services may authorize employees who are assigned to those areas to use such vehicles to travel be-tween the employees’ residences and places of employment. 
F
EDERAL LAWENFORCEMENT TRAINING  
CENTER  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For necessary expenses of the Federal Law 
Enforcement Training Center, including ma-terials and support costs of Federal law en-forcement basic training; the purchase of not to exceed 117 vehicles for police-type use and hire of passenger motor vehicles; expenses for student athletic and related activities; the conduct of and participation in firearms matches and presentation of awards; public awareness and enhancement of community support of law enforcement training; room and board for student interns; a flat monthly reimbursement to employees authorized to use personal mobile phones for official du-ties; and services as authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code; $230,497,000; of which up to $54,154,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2016, for materials and support costs of Federal law enforcement basic training; of which $300,000 shall remain available until expended to be distributed to Federal law enforcement agen-cies for expenses incurred participating in training accreditation; and of which not to exceed $7,180 shall be for official reception and representation expenses: Provided , That 
the Center is authorized to obligate funds in anticipation of reimbursements from agen-cies receiving training sponsored by the Cen-ter, except that total obligations at the end of the fiscal year shall not exceed total budg-etary resources available at the end of the fiscal year: Provided further , That section 
1202(a) of Public Law 107–206 (42 U.S.C. 3771 note), as amended under this heading in divi-sion F of Public Law 113–76, is further amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’: Provided fur-
ther, That the Director of the Federal Law 
Enforcement Training Center shall schedule basic or advanced law enforcement training, or both, at all four training facilities under the control of the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center to ensure that such training facilities are operated at the highest capac-ity throughout the fiscal year: Provided fur-
ther, That the Federal Law Enforcement 
Training Accreditation Board, including rep-resentatives from the Federal law enforce-ment community and non-Federal accredita-tion experts involved in law enforcement training, shall lead the Federal law enforce-ment training accreditation process to con-tinue the implementation of measuring and assessing the quality and effectiveness of Federal law enforcement training programs, facilities, and instructors. ACQUISITIONS , CONSTRUCTION , IMPROVEMENTS , 
AND RELATED EXPENSES  
For acquisition of necessary additional 
real property and facilities, construction, and ongoing maintenance, facility improve-ments, and related expenses of the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center, $27,841,000, to remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2019: Provided , That the Center is 
authorized to accept reimbursement to this appropriation from government agencies re-questing the construction of special use fa-cilities. 
S
CIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY  
MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION  
For salaries and expenses of the Office of 
the Under Secretary for Science and Tech-nology and for management and administra-tion of programs and activities, as author-ized by title III of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 181 et seq.), $129,993,000: Provided , That not to exceed $7,650 shall be 
for official reception and representation ex-penses. 
RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , ACQUISITION , AND 
OPERATIONS  
For necessary expenses for science and 
technology research, including advanced re-search projects, development, test and eval-uation, acquisition, and operations as au-thorized by title III of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 181 et seq.), and the purchase or lease of not to exceed 5 vehicles, $973,915,000; of which $538,926,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2017; and of which $434,989,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019, solely for operation and construction of laboratory facilities: Provided , That of the funds provided for the 
operation and construction of laboratory fa-cilities under this heading, $300,000,000 shall be for construction of the National Bio- and Agro-defense Facility. 
D
OMESTIC NUCLEAR DETECTION OFFICE  
MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION  
For salaries and expenses of the Domestic 
Nuclear Detection Office, as authorized by title XIX of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 591 et seq.), for management and administration of programs and activi-ties, $37,339,000: Provided , That not to exceed 
$2,250 shall be for official reception and rep-resentation expenses. 
RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , AND OPERATIONS  
For necessary expenses for radiological and 
nuclear research, development, testing, eval-uation, and operations, $197,900,000, to re-main available until September 30, 2017. 
SYSTEMS ACQUISITION  
For necessary expenses for the Domestic 
Nuclear Detection Office acquisition and de-ployment of radiological detection systems in accordance with the global nuclear detec-tion architecture, $72,603,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017. 
TITLE V 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
(INCLUDING RESCISSIONS OF FUNDS)  
SEC. 501. No part of any appropriation con-
tained in this Act shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year un-less expressly so provided herein. 
S
EC. 502. Subject to the requirements of 
section 503 of this Act, the unexpended bal-ances of prior appropriations provided for ac-tivities in this Act may be transferred to ap-propriation accounts for such activities es-tablished pursuant to this Act, may be merged with funds in the applicable estab-lished accounts, and thereafter may be ac-counted for as one fund for the same time pe-riod as originally enacted. 
S
EC. 503. (a) None of the funds provided by 
this Act, provided by previous appropriations 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE6.040 S26FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1179 February 26, 2015 
Acts to the agencies in or transferred to the 
Department of Homeland Security that re-main available for obligation or expenditure in fiscal year 2015, or provided from any ac-counts in the Treasury of the United States derived by the collection of fees available to the agencies funded by this Act, shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that: 
(1) creates a new program, project, or ac-
tivity; 
(2) eliminates a program, project, office, or 
activity; 
(3) increases funds for any program, 
project, or activity for which funds have been denied or restricted by the Congress; 
(4) proposes to use funds directed for a spe-
cific activity by either of the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate or the House of Representatives for a different purpose; or 
(5) contracts out any function or activity 
for which funding levels were requested for Federal full-time equivalents in the object classification tables contained in the fiscal year 2015 Budget Appendix for the Depart-ment of Homeland Security, as modified by the report accompanying this Act, unless the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives are noti-fied 15 days in advance of such reprogram-ming of funds. 
(b) None of the funds provided by this Act, 
provided by previous appropriations Acts to the agencies in or transferred to the Depart-ment of Homeland Security that remain available for obligation or expenditure in fis-cal year 2015, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury of the United States derived by the collection of fees or proceeds avail-able to the agencies funded by this Act, shall be available for obligation or expenditure for programs, projects, or activities through a reprogramming of funds in excess of $5,000,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less, that: 
(1) augments existing programs, projects, 
or activities; 
(2) reduces by 10 percent funding for any 
existing program, project, or activity; 
(3) reduces by 10 percent the numbers of 
personnel approved by the Congress; or 
(4) results from any general savings from a 
reduction in personnel that would result in a change in existing programs, projects, or ac-tivities as approved by the Congress, unless the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives are notified 15 days in advance of such re-programming of funds. 
(c) Not to exceed 5 percent of any appro-
priation made available for the current fiscal year for the Department of Homeland Secu-rity by this Act or provided by previous ap-propriations Acts may be transferred be-tween such appropriations, but no such ap-propriation, except as otherwise specifically provided, shall be increased by more than 10 
percent by such transfers: Provided , That any 
transfer under this section shall be treated as a reprogramming of funds under sub-section (b) and shall not be available for ob-ligation unless the Committees on Appro-priations of the Senate and the House of Representatives are notified 15 days in ad-vance of such transfer. 
(d) Notwithstanding subsections (a), (b), 
and (c) of this section, no funds shall be re-programmed within or transferred between appropriations based upon an initial notifi-cation provided after June 30, except in ex-traordinary circumstances that imminently threaten the safety of human life or the pro-tection of property. 
(e) The notification thresholds and proce-
dures set forth in this section shall apply to any use of deobligated balances of funds pro-vided in previous Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Acts. S
EC. 504. The Department of Homeland Se-
curity Working Capital Fund, established pursuant to section 403 of Public Law 103–356 (31 U.S.C. 501 note), shall continue oper-ations as a permanent working capital fund for fiscal year 2015: Provided , That none of 
the funds appropriated or otherwise made available to the Department of Homeland Security may be used to make payments to the Working Capital Fund, except for the ac-tivities and amounts allowed in the Presi-dent’s fiscal year 2015 budget: Provided fur-
ther, That funds provided to the Working 
Capital Fund shall be available for obliga-tion until expended to carry out the purposes of the Working Capital Fund: Provided fur-
ther, That all departmental components shall 
be charged only for direct usage of each Working Capital Fund service: Provided fur-
ther, That funds provided to the Working 
Capital Fund shall be used only for purposes 
consistent with the contributing component: Provided further , That the Working Capital 
Fund shall be paid in advance or reimbursed at rates which will return the full cost of each service: Provided further , That the Com-
mittees on Appropriations of the Senate and House of Representatives shall be notified of any activity added to or removed from the fund: Provided further , That the Chief Finan-
cial Officer of the Department of Homeland Security shall submit a quarterly execution report with activity level detail, not later than 30 days after the end of each quarter. 
S
EC. 505. Except as otherwise specifically 
provided by law, not to exceed 50 percent of unobligated balances remaining available at the end of fiscal year 2015, as recorded in the financial records at the time of a reprogram-ming request, but not later than June 30, 2016, from appropriations for salaries and ex-penses for fiscal year 2015 in this Act shall remain available through September 30, 2016, in the account and for the purposes for which the appropriations were provided: Provided , 
That prior to the obligation of such funds, a request shall be submitted to the Commit-tees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives for approval in ac-cordance with section 503 of this Act. 
S
EC. 506. Funds made available by this Act 
for intelligence activities are deemed to be specifically authorized by the Congress for purposes of section 504 of the National Secu-rity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 414) during fiscal year 2015 until the enactment of an Act au-thorizing intelligence activities for fiscal year 2015. 
S
EC. 507. (a) Except as provided in sub-
sections (b) and (c), none of the funds made available by this Act may be used to— 
(1) make or award a grant allocation, 
grant, contract, other transaction agree-ment, or task or delivery order on a Depart-ment of Homeland Security multiple award contract, or to issue a letter of intent total-ing in excess of $1,000,000; 
(2) award a task or delivery order requiring 
an obligation of funds in an amount greater than $10,000,000 from multi-year Department of Homeland Security funds; 
(3) make a sole-source grant award; or (4) announce publicly the intention to 
make or award items under paragraph (1), (2), or (3) including a contract covered by the Federal Acquisition Regulation. 
(b) The Secretary of Homeland Security 
may waive the prohibition under subsection (a) if the Secretary notifies the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives at least 3 full busi-ness days in advance of making an award or issuing a letter as described in that sub-section. 
(c) If the Secretary of Homeland Security 
determines that compliance with this sec-tion would pose a substantial risk to human life, health, or safety, an award may be made without notification, and the Secretary shall 
notify the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives not later than 5 full business days after such an award is made or letter issued. 
(d) A notification under this section— 
(1) may not involve funds that are not 
available for obligation; and 
(2) shall include the amount of the award; 
the fiscal year for which the funds for the award were appropriated; the type of con-tract; and the account from which the funds are being drawn. 
(e) The Administrator of the Federal Emer-
gency Management Agency shall brief the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives 5 full busi-ness days in advance of announcing publicly the intention of making an award under ‘‘State and Local Programs’’. 
S
EC. 508. Notwithstanding any other provi-
sion of law, no agency shall purchase, con-struct, or lease any additional facilities, ex-cept within or contiguous to existing loca-tions, to be used for the purpose of con-ducting Federal law enforcement training without the advance approval of the Com-mittees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives, except that the Federal Law Enforcement Training Cen-ter is authorized to obtain the temporary use of additional facilities by lease, contract, or other agreement for training that cannot be accommodated in existing Center facilities. 
S
EC. 509. None of the funds appropriated or 
otherwise made available by this Act may be used for expenses for any construction, re-pair, alteration, or acquisition project for which a prospectus otherwise required under chapter 33 of title 40, United States Code, has not been approved, except that necessary funds may be expended for each project for required expenses for the development of a proposed prospectus. 
S
EC. 510. (a) Sections 520, 522, and 530 of the 
Department of Homeland Security Appro-priations Act, 2008 (division E of Public Law 110–161; 121 Stat. 2073 and 2074) shall apply with respect to funds made available in this Act in the same manner as such sections ap-plied to funds made available in that Act. 
(b) The third proviso of section 537 of the 
Department of Homeland Security Appro-priations Act, 2006 (6 U.S.C. 114), shall not apply with respect to funds made available in this Act. 
S
EC. 511. None of the funds made available 
in this Act may be used in contravention of the applicable provisions of the Buy Amer-ican Act. For purposes of the preceding sen-tence, the term ‘‘Buy American Act’’ means chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code. 
S
EC. 512. None of the funds made available 
in this Act may be used to amend the oath of allegiance required by section 337 of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1448). 
S
EC. 513. Not later than 30 days after the 
last day of each month, the Chief Financial Officer of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity shall submit to the Committees on Ap-propriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives a monthly budget and staff-ing report for that month that includes total obligations of the Department for that month for the fiscal year at the appropria-tion and program, project, and activity lev-
els, by the source year of the appropriation. Total obligations for staffing shall also be provided by subcategory of on-board and funded full-time equivalent staffing levels, respectively, and the report shall specify the number of, and total obligations for, con-tract employees for each office of the De-partment. 
S
EC. 514. Except as provided in section 
44945 of title 49, United States Code, funds appropriated or transferred to Transpor-tation Security Administration ‘‘Aviation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE6.040 S26FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1180 February 26, 2015 
Security’’, ‘‘Administration’’, and ‘‘Trans-
portation Security Support’’ for fiscal years 2004 and 2005 that are recovered or deobligated shall be available only for the procurement or installation of explosives de-tection systems, air cargo, baggage, and checkpoint screening systems, subject to no-tification: Provided , That semiannual reports 
shall be submitted to the Committees on Ap-propriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives on any funds that are recov-ered or deobligated. 
S
EC. 515. None of the funds appropriated by 
this Act may be used to process or approve a 
competition under Office of Management and Budget Circular A–76 for services provided by employees (including employees serving on a temporary or term basis) of United States Citizenship and Immigration Services of the Department of Homeland Security who are known as Immigration Information Officers, Contact Representatives, Investigative As-sistants, or Immigration Services Officers. 
S
EC. 516. Any funds appropriated to ‘‘Coast 
Guard, Acquisition, Construction, and Im-provements’’ for fiscal years 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, and 2006 for the 110–123 foot patrol boat conversion that are recovered, collected, or otherwise received as the result of negotia-tion, mediation, or litigation, shall be avail-able until expended for the Fast Response Cutter program. 
S
EC. 517. The functions of the Federal Law 
Enforcement Training Center instructor staff shall be classified as inherently govern-mental for the purpose of the Federal Activi-ties Inventory Reform Act of 1998 (31 U.S.C. 501 note). 
S
EC. 518. (a) The Secretary of Homeland 
Security shall submit a report not later than October 15, 2015, to the Office of Inspector General of the Department of Homeland Se-curity listing all grants and contracts awarded by any means other than full and open competition during fiscal year 2015. 
(b) The Inspector General shall review the 
report required by subsection (a) to assess Departmental compliance with applicable laws and regulations and report the results of that review to the Committees on Appro-priations of the Senate and the House of Representatives not later than February 15, 2016. 
S
EC. 519. None of the funds provided by this 
or previous appropriations Acts shall be used to fund any position designated as a Prin-cipal Federal Official (or the successor there-to) for any Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.) declared disasters or emer-gencies unless— 
(1) the responsibilities of the Principal 
Federal Official do not include operational functions related to incident management, including coordination of operations, and are consistent with the requirements of section 509(c) and sections 503(c)(3) and 503(c)(4)(A) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 319(c) and 313(c)(3) and 313(c)(4)(A)) and sec-tion 302 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5143); 
(2) not later than 10 business days after the 
latter of the date on which the Secretary of Homeland Security appoints the Principal Federal Official and the date on which the President issues a declaration under section 401 or section 501 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170 and 5191, respectively), the Secretary of Homeland Security shall sub-mit a notification of the appointment of the Principal Federal Official and a description of the responsibilities of such Official and how such responsibilities are consistent with paragraph (1) to the Committees on Appro-priations of the Senate and the House of Representatives, the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on 
Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate; and 
(3) not later than 60 days after the date of 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall provide a report specifying timeframes and milestones regarding the update of oper-ations, planning and policy documents, and training and exercise protocols, to ensure consistency with paragraph (1) of this sec-tion. 
S
EC. 520. None of the funds provided or oth-
erwise made available in this Act shall be available to carry out section 872 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 452). 
S
EC. 521. Funds made available in this Act 
may be used to alter operations within the 
Civil Engineering Program of the Coast Guard nationwide, including civil engineer-ing units, facilities design and construction centers, maintenance and logistics com-mands, and the Coast Guard Academy, ex-cept that none of the funds provided in this Act may be used to reduce operations within any Civil Engineering Unit unless specifi-cally authorized by a statute enacted after the date of enactment of this Act. 
S
EC. 522. None of the funds made available 
in this Act may be used by United States Citizenship and Immigration Services to grant an immigration benefit unless the re-sults of background checks required by law to be completed prior to the granting of the benefit have been received by United States Citizenship and Immigration Services, and the results do not preclude the granting of the benefit. 
S
EC. 523. Section 831 of the Homeland Secu-
rity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 391) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘Until 
September 30, 2014,’’ and inserting ‘‘Until September 30, 2015,’’; and 
(2) in subsection (c)(1), by striking ‘‘Sep-
tember 30, 2014,’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2015,’’. 
S
EC. 524. The Secretary of Homeland Secu-
rity shall require that all contracts of the Department of Homeland Security that pro-vide award fees link such fees to successful acquisition outcomes (which outcomes shall be specified in terms of cost, schedule, and performance). 
S
EC. 525. Notwithstanding any other provi-
sion of law, none of the funds provided in this or any other Act shall be used to ap-prove a waiver of the navigation and vessel- inspection laws pursuant to 46 U.S.C. 501(b) for the transportation of crude oil distrib-uted from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve until the Secretary of Homeland Security, after consultation with the Secretaries of the Departments of Energy and Transpor-tation and representatives from the United States flag maritime industry, takes ade-quate measures to ensure the use of United States flag vessels: Provided , That the Sec-
retary shall notify the Committees on Ap-propriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives, the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, and the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives within 2 business days of any request for waivers of navigation and vessel-inspection laws pursuant to 46 U.S.C. 501(b). 
S
EC. 526. None of the funds made available 
in this Act for United States Customs and Border Protection may be used to prevent an individual not in the business of importing a prescription drug (within the meaning of sec-tion 801(g) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act) from importing a prescription drug from Canada that complies with the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act: Pro-
vided , That this section shall apply only to 
individuals transporting on their person a personal-use quantity of the prescription drug, not to exceed a 90-day supply: Provided 
further , That the prescription drug may not 
be— 
(1) a controlled substance, as defined in 
section 102 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 802); or 
(2) a biological product, as defined in sec-
tion 351 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 262). 
S
EC. 527. None of the funds in this Act shall 
be used to reduce the United States Coast Guard’s Operations Systems Center mission or its government-employed or contract staff levels. 
S
EC. 528. The Secretary of Homeland Secu-
rity, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury, shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives of any proposed transfers of funds available under section 9703.1(g)(4)(B) of title 31, United States Code (as added by Public Law 102–393) from the Department of the Treasury Forfeiture Fund to any agency within the Department of Homeland Security: Provided , That none of 
the funds identified for such a transfer may be obligated until the Committees on Appro-priations of the Senate and the House of Representatives approve the proposed trans-fers. 
S
EC. 529. None of the funds made available 
in this Act may be used for planning, test-ing, piloting, or developing a national identi-fication card. 
S
EC. 530. None of the funds appropriated by 
this Act may be used to conduct, or to imple-ment the results of, a competition under Of-fice of Management and Budget Circular A– 76 for activities performed with respect to the Coast Guard National Vessel Documenta-tion Center. 
S
EC. 531. (a) Notwithstanding any other 
provision of this Act, except as provided in subsection (b), and 30 days after the date on which the President determines whether to declare a major disaster because of an event and any appeal is completed, the Adminis-trator shall publish on the Web site of the Federal Emergency Management Agency a report regarding that decision that shall summarize damage assessment information used to determine whether to declare a major disaster. 
(b) The Administrator may redact from a 
report under subsection (a) any data that the Administrator determines would com-promise national security. 
(c) In this section— 
(1) the term ‘‘Administrator’’ means the 
Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency; and 
(2) the term ‘‘major disaster’’ has the 
meaning given that term in section 102 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5122). 
S
EC. 532. Any official that is required by 
this Act to report or to certify to the Com-mittees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives may not dele-gate such authority to perform that act un-less specifically authorized herein. 
S
EC. 533. None of the funds appropriated or 
otherwise made available in this or any other Act may be used to transfer, release, or assist in the transfer or release to or with-in the United States, its territories, or pos-sessions Khalid Sheikh Mohammed or any other detainee who— 
(1) is not a United States citizen or a mem-
ber of the Armed Forces of the United States; and 
(2) is or was held on or after June 24, 2009, 
at the United States Naval Station, Guanta-namo Bay, Cuba, by the Department of De-fense. 
S
EC. 534. None of the funds made available 
in this Act may be used for first-class travel by the employees of agencies funded by this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE6.040 S26FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1181 February 26, 2015 
Act in contravention of sections 301–10.122 
through 301–10.124 of title 41, Code of Federal Regulations. 
S
EC. 535. None of the funds made available 
in this Act may be used to employ workers described in section 274A(h)(3) of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1324a(h)(3)). 
S
EC. 536. (a) Any company that collects or 
retains personal information directly from any individual who participates in the Reg-istered Traveler or successor program of the Transportation Security Administration shall hereafter safeguard and dispose of such information in accordance with the require-ments in— 
(1) the National Institute for Standards 
and Technology Special Publication 800–30, entitled ‘‘Risk Management Guide for Infor-mation Technology Systems’’; 
(2) the National Institute for Standards 
and Technology Special Publication 800–53, Revision 3, entitled ‘‘Recommended Security Controls for Federal Information Systems and Organizations’’; and 
(3) any supplemental standards established 
by the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Administrator’’). 
(b) The airport authority or air carrier op-
erator that sponsors the company under the Registered Traveler program shall hereafter be known as the ‘‘Sponsoring Entity’’. 
(c) The Administrator shall hereafter re-
quire any company covered by subsection (a) to provide, not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, to the Spon-soring Entity written certification that the procedures used by the company to safeguard and dispose of information are in compliance with the requirements under subsection (a). Such certification shall include a description of the procedures used by the company to comply with such requirements. 
S
EC. 537. Notwithstanding any other provi-
sion of this Act, none of the funds appro-priated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to pay award or incentive fees for contractor performance that has been judged to be below satisfactory per-formance or performance that does not meet the basic requirements of a contract. 
S
EC. 538. In developing any process to 
screen aviation passengers and crews for transportation or national security purposes, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall en-sure that all such processes take into consid-eration such passengers’ and crews’ privacy and civil liberties consistent with applicable laws, regulations, and guidance. 
S
EC. 539. (a) Notwithstanding section 
1356(n) of title 8, United States Code, of the funds deposited into the Immigration Exami-nations Fee Account, $10,000,000 may be allo-cated by United States Citizenship and Im-migration Services in fiscal year 2015 for the purpose of providing an immigrant integra-tion grants program. 
(b) None of the funds made available to 
United States Citizenship and Immigration Services for grants for immigrant integra-tion may be used to provide services to aliens who have not been lawfully admitted for permanent residence. 
S
EC. 540. For an additional amount for the 
‘‘Office of the Under Secretary for Manage-ment’’, $48,600,000, to remain available until expended, for necessary expenses to plan, ac-quire, design, construct, renovate, reme-diate, equip, furnish, improve infrastructure, and occupy buildings and facilities for the department headquarters consolidation project and associated mission support con-solidation: Provided , That the Committees on 
Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives shall receive an expendi-ture plan not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of the Act detailing the allocation of these funds. S
EC. 541. None of the funds appropriated or 
otherwise made available by this Act may be used by the Department of Homeland Secu-rity to enter into any Federal contract un-less such contract is entered into in accord-ance with the requirements of subtitle I of title 41, United States Code, or chapter 137 of title 10, United States Code, and the Federal Acquisition Regulation, unless such contract is otherwise authorized by statute to be en-tered into without regard to the above ref-erenced statutes. 
S
EC. 542. (a) For an additional amount for 
financial systems modernization, $34,072,000 
to remain available until September 30, 2016. 
(b) Funds made available in subsection (a) 
for financial systems modernization may be transferred by the Secretary of Homeland Security between appropriations for the same purpose, notwithstanding section 503 of this Act. 
(c) No transfer described in subsection (b) 
shall occur until 15 days after the Commit-tees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives are notified of such transfer. 
S
EC. 543. Notwithstanding the 10 percent 
limitation contained in section 503(c) of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security may transfer to the fund established by 8 U.S.C. 1101 note, up to $20,000,000 from appro-priations available to the Department of Homeland Security: Provided , That the Sec-
retary shall notify the Committees on Ap-propriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives 5 days in advance of such transfer. 
S
EC. 544. Notwithstanding any other provi-
sion of law, if the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity determines that specific United States Immigration and Customs Enforce-ment Service Processing Centers or other United States Immigration and Customs En-forcement owned detention facilities no longer meet the mission need, the Secretary is authorized to dispose of individual Service Processing Centers or other United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement owned detention facilities by directing the Administrator of General Services to sell all real and related personal property which support Service Processing Centers or other United States Immigration and Customs En-forcement owned detention facilities, subject to such terms and conditions as necessary to protect Government interests and meet pro-gram requirements: Provided , That the pro-
ceeds, net of the costs of sale incurred by the General Services Administration and United States Immigration and Customs Enforce-ment, shall be deposited as offsetting collec-tions into a separate account that shall be available, subject to appropriation, until ex-pended for other real property capital asset needs of existing United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement assets, excluding daily operations and maintenance costs, as the Secretary deems appropriate: Provided 
further , That any sale or collocation of feder-
ally owned detention facilities shall not re-sult in the maintenance of fewer than 34,000 detention beds: Provided further , That the 
Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives shall be notified 15 days prior to the announcement of any proposed sale or collocation. 
S
EC. 545. The Commissioner of United 
States Customs and Border Protection and the Assistant Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity for United States Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement shall, with respect to fis-cal years 2015, 2016, 2017, and 2018, submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives, at the time that the President’s budget pro-posal for fiscal year 2016 is submitted pursu-ant to the requirements of section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, the information required in the multi-year investment and 
management plans required, respectively, under the headings ‘‘U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection, Salaries and Expenses’’ under title II of division D of the Consoli-dated Appropriations Act, 2012 (Public Law 112–74); ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion, Border Security Fencing, Infrastruc-ture, and Technology’’ under such title; and section 568 of such Act. 
S
EC. 546. The Secretary of Homeland Secu-
rity shall ensure enforcement of all immi-gration laws (as defined in section 101(a)(17) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(17))). 
S
EC. 547. (a) Of the amounts made available 
by this Act for ‘‘National Protection and Programs Directorate, Infrastructure Pro-tection and Information Security’’, $140,525,000 for the Federal Network Security program, project, and activity shall be used to deploy on Federal systems technology to improve the information security of agency information systems covered by section 3543(a) of title 44, United States Code: Pro-
vided , That funds made available under this 
section shall be used to assist and support Government-wide and agency-specific efforts to provide adequate, risk-based, and cost-ef-fective cybersecurity to address escalating and rapidly evolving threats to information security, including the acquisition and oper-ation of a continuous monitoring and diagnostics program, in collaboration with departments and agencies, that includes equipment, software, and Department of Homeland Security supplied services: Pro-
vided further , That continuous monitoring 
and diagnostics software procured by the funds made available by this section shall not transmit to the Department of Homeland Security any personally identifiable infor-mation or content of network communica-tions of other agencies’ users: Provided fur-
ther, That such software shall be installed, 
maintained, and operated in accordance with all applicable privacy laws and agency-spe-cific policies regarding network content. 
(b) Funds made available under this sec-
tion may not be used to supplant funds pro-vided for any such system within an agency budget. 
(c) Not later than July 1, 2015, the heads of 
all Federal agencies shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives expendi-ture plans for necessary cybersecurity im-provements to address known vulnerabilities to information systems described in sub-section (a). 
(d) Not later than October 1, 2015, and 
semiannually thereafter, the head of each Federal agency shall submit to the Director of the Office of Management and Budget a re-port on the execution of the expenditure plan for that agency required by subsection (c): Provided , That the Director of the Office of 
Management and Budget shall summarize such execution reports and annually submit such summaries to Congress in conjunction with the annual progress report on imple-mentation of the E-Government Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–347), as required by section 3606 of title 44, United States Code. 
(e) This section shall not apply to the leg-
islative and judicial branches of the Federal Government and shall apply to all Federal agencies within the executive branch except for the Department of Defense, the Central Intelligence Agency, and the Office of the Di-rector of National Intelligence. 
S
EC. 548. (a) None of the funds made avail-
able in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network blocks the viewing, downloading, and exchanging of pornography. 
(b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit 
the use of funds necessary for any Federal, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE6.040 S26FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1182 February 26, 2015 
State, tribal, or local law enforcement agen-
cy or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, or adjudication activities. 
S
EC. 549. None of the funds made available 
in this Act may be used by a Federal law en-forcement officer to facilitate the transfer of an operable firearm to an individual if the Federal law enforcement officer knows or suspects that the individual is an agent of a drug cartel unless law enforcement personnel of the United States continuously monitor or control the firearm at all times. 
S
EC. 550. None of the funds provided in this 
or any other Act may be obligated to imple-ment the National Preparedness Grant Pro-gram or any other successor grant programs unless explicitly authorized by Congress. 
S
EC. 551. None of the funds made available 
in this Act may be used to provide funding for the position of Public Advocate, or a suc-cessor position, within United States Immi-gration and Customs Enforcement. 
S
EC. 552. (a) Section 559 of division F of 
Public Law 113–76 is amended as follows: 
(1) Subsection (f)(2)(B) is amended by add-
ing at the end: ‘‘Such transfer shall not be required for personal property, including fur-niture, fixtures, and equipment.’’; and 
(2) Subsection (e)(3)(b) is amended by in-
serting after ‘‘payment of overtime’’ the fol-lowing: ‘‘and the salaries, training and bene-fits of individuals employed by U.S. Customs and Border Protection to support U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection officers in per-forming law enforcement functions at ports of entry, including primary and secondary processing of passengers’’. 
(b) Section 560(g) of division D of Public 
Law 113–6 is amended by inserting after ‘‘payment of overtime’’ the following: ‘‘and the salaries, training and benefits of individ-uals employed by U.S. Customs and Border Protection to support U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection officers in performing law en-forcement functions at ports of entry, in-cluding primary and secondary processing of passengers’’. 
(c) The Commissioner of United States 
Customs and Border Protection may modify a reimbursable fee agreement in effect as of the date of enactment of this Act to include costs specified in this section. 
S
EC. 553. None of the funds made available 
in this Act may be used to pay for the travel to or attendance of more than 50 employees of a single component of the Department of Homeland Security, who are stationed in the United States, at a single international con-ference unless the Secretary of Homeland Security, or a designee, determines that such attendance is in the national interest and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representa-tives within at least 10 days of that deter-mination and the basis for that determina-tion: Provided , That for purposes of this sec-
tion the term ‘‘international conference’’ shall mean a conference occurring outside of the United States attended by representa-tives of the United States Government and of foreign governments, international orga-nizations, or nongovernmental organiza-tions. 
S
EC. 554. None of the funds made available 
in this Act may be used to reimburse any Federal department or agency for its partici-pation in a National Special Security Event. 
S
EC. 555. With the exception of countries 
with preclearance facilities in service prior to 2013, none of the funds made available in this Act may be used for new United States Customs and Border Protection air preclearance agreements entering into force after February 1, 2014, unless— 
(1) the Secretary of Homeland Security, in 
consultation with the Secretary of State, has certified to Congress that air preclearance operations at the airport pro-
vide a homeland or national security benefit to the United States; 
(2) United States passenger air carriers are 
not precluded from operating at existing preclearance locations; and 
(3) a United States passenger air carrier is 
operating at all airports contemplated for establishment of new air preclearance oper-ations. 
S
EC. 556. None of the funds made available 
by this or any other Act may be used by the Administrator of the Transportation Secu-rity Administration to implement, admin-ister, or enforce, in abrogation of the respon-sibility described in section 44903(n)(1) of title 49, United States Code, any requirement that airport operators provide airport-fi-nanced staffing to monitor exit points from the sterile area of any airport at which the Transportation Security Administration pro-vided such monitoring as of December 1, 2013. 
S
EC. 557. In making grants under the head-
ing ‘‘Firefighter Assistance Grants’’, the Secretary may grant waivers from the re-quirements in subsections (a)(1)(A), (a)(1)(B), (a)(1)(E), (c)(1), (c)(2), and (c)(4) of section 34 of the Federal Fire Prevention and Control Act of 1974 (15 U.S.C. 2229a). 
S
EC. 558. (a) I NGENERAL .—Beginning on the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall not— 
(1) establish, collect, or otherwise impose 
any new border crossing fee on individuals crossing the Southern border or the North-ern border at a land port of entry; or 
(2) conduct any study relating to the impo-
sition of a border crossing fee. 
(b) B
ORDER CROSSING FEEDEFINED .—In this 
section, the term ‘‘border crossing fee’’ means a fee that every pedestrian, cyclist, and driver and passenger of a private motor vehicle is required to pay for the privilege of crossing the Southern border or the North-ern border at a land port of entry. 
S
EC. 559. The administrative law judge an-
nuitants participating in the Senior Admin-istrative Law Judge Program managed by the Director of the Office of Personnel Man-agement under section 3323 of title 5, United States Code, shall be available on a tem-porary reemployment basis to conduct arbi-trations of disputes arising from delivery of assistance under the Federal Emergency Management Agency Public Assistance Pro-gram. 
S
EC. 560. As authorized by section 601(b) of 
the United States-Colombia Trade Pro-motion Agreement Implementation Act (Public Law 112–42) fees collected from pas-sengers arriving from Canada, Mexico, or an adjacent island pursuant to section 13031(a)(5) of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(a)(5)) shall be available until expended. 
S
EC. 561. None of the funds appropriated by 
this or any other Act shall be used to pay the salaries and expenses of personnel who pre-pare or submit appropriations language as part of the President’s budget submission to the Congress of the United States for pro-grams under the jurisdiction of the Appro-priations Subcommittees on the Department of Homeland Security that assumes revenues or reflects a reduction from the previous year due to user fees proposals that have not been enacted into law prior to the submis-sion of the budget unless such budget sub-mission identifies which additional spending reductions should occur in the event the user fees proposals are not enacted prior to the date of the convening of a committee of con-ference for the fiscal year 2016 appropriations Act. 
S
EC. 562. (a) The Secretary of Homeland 
Security shall submit to the Congress, not later than 180 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act and annually thereafter, be-ginning at the time the President’s budget 
proposal for fiscal year 2017 is submitted pur-suant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, a comprehensive report on the purchase and usage of weapons, subdivided by weapon type. The report shall include— 
(1) the quantity of weapons in inventory at 
the end of the preceding calendar year, and the amount of weapons, subdivided by weap-on type, included in the budget request for each relevant component or agency in the Department of Homeland Security; 
(2) a description of how such quantity and 
purchase aligns to each component or agen-cy’s mission requirements for certification, qualification, training, and operations; and 
(3) details on all contracting practices ap-
plied by the Department of Homeland Secu-rity, including comparative details regarding other contracting options with respect to cost and availability. 
(b) The reports required by subsection (a) 
shall be submitted in an appropriate format in order to ensure the safety of law enforce-ment personnel. 
S
EC. 563. None of the funds made available 
by this Act shall be used for the environ-mental remediation of the Coast Guard’s LORAN support in Wildwood/Lower Town-ship, New Jersey. 
S
EC. 564. None of the funds made available 
to the Department of Homeland Security by this or any other Act may be obligated for any structural pay reform that affects more than 100 full-time equivalent employee posi-tions or costs more than $5,000,000 in a single year before the end of the 30-day period be-ginning on the date on which the Secretary of Homeland Security submits to Congress a notification that includes— 
(1) the number of full-time equivalent em-
ployee positions affected by such change; 
(2) funding required for such change for the 
current year and through the Future Years Homeland Security Program; 
(3) justification for such change; and (4) an analysis of compensation alter-
natives to such change that were considered by the Department. 
S
EC. 565. (a) Any agency receiving funds 
made available in this Act, shall, subject to subsections (b) and (c), post on the public Web site of that agency any report required to be submitted by the Committees on Ap-propriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives in this Act, upon the deter-mination by the head of the agency that it shall serve the national interest. 
(b) Subsection (a) shall not apply to a re-
port if— 
(1) the public posting of the report com-
promises homeland or national security; or 
(2) the report contains proprietary infor-
mation. 
(c) The head of the agency posting such re-
port shall do so only after such report has been made available to the requesting Com-mittee or Committees of Congress for no less than 45 days except as otherwise specified in law. 
S
EC. 566. Section 605 of division E of Public 
Law 110–161 (6 U.S.C. 1404) is hereby repealed. 
SEC. 567. The Administrator of the Federal 
Emergency Management Agency may trans-fer up to $95,000,000 in unobligated balances made available for the appropriations ac-count for ‘‘Federal Emergency Management Agency, Disaster Assistance Direct Loan Program’’ under section 2(a) of the Commu-nity Disaster Loan Act of 2005 (Public Law 109–88; 119 Stat. 2061) or under chapter 5 of title I of division B of the Consolidated Secu-rity, Disaster Assistance, and Continuing Appropriations Act, 2009 (Public Law (110– 329; 122 Stat. 3592) to the appropriations ac-count for ‘‘Federal Emergency Management Agency, Disaster Relief Fund’’. Amounts 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE6.040 S26FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1183 February 26, 2015 
transferred to such account under this sec-
tion shall be available for any authorized purpose of such account. 
S
EC. 568. Notwithstanding any other provi-
sion of law, Gerardo Ismael Hernandez, a Transportation Security Officer employed by the Transportation Security Administration who died as the direct result of an injury sustained in the line of duty on November 1, 2013, at the Los Angeles International Air-port, shall be deemed to have been a public safety officer for the purposes of the Omni-bus Crime Control and Safe Street Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3711 et seq.). 
S
EC. 569. The Office of Management and 
Budget and the Department of Homeland Se-curity shall ensure the congressional budget justifications accompanying the President’s budget proposal for the Department of Homeland Security, submitted pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, include estimates of the number of un-accompanied alien children anticipated to be apprehended in the budget year and the num-ber of agent or officer hours required to proc-ess, manage, and care for such children: Pro-
vided , That such materials shall also include 
estimates of all other associated costs for each relevant Departmental component, in-cluding but not limited to personnel; equip-ment; supplies; facilities; managerial, tech-nical, and advisory services; medical treat-ment; and all costs associated with trans-porting such children from one Depart-mental component to another or from a De-partmental component to another Federal agency. 
S
EC. 570. Notwithstanding section 404 or 420 
of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170c and 5187), until September 30, 2015, the Presi-dent may provide hazard mitigation assist-ance in accordance with such section 404 in any area in which assistance was provided under such section 420. 
S
EC. 571. That without regard to the limi-
tation as to time and condition of section 503(d) of this Act, the Secretary may propose to reprogram within and transfer funds into ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Sala-ries and Expenses’’ and ‘‘U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, Salaries and Ex-penses’’ as necessary to ensure the care and transportation of unaccompanied alien chil-dren. 
S
EC. 572. Notwithstanding any other provi-
sion of law, grants awarded to States along the Southwest Border of the United States under sections 2003 or 2004 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 604 and 605) using funds provided under the heading ‘‘Federal Emergency Management Agency, State and Local Programs’’ in division F of Public Law 113–76 or division D of Public Law 113–6 may be used by recipients or sub- recipients for costs, or reimbursement of costs, related to providing humanitarian re-lief to unaccompanied alien children and alien adults accompanied by an alien minor where they are encountered after entering the United States, provided that such costs were incurred during the award period of per-formance. 
(RESCISSIONS)  
SEC. 573. Of the funds appropriated to the 
Department of Homeland Security, the fol-lowing funds are hereby rescinded from the following accounts and programs in the spec-ified amounts: Provided , That no amounts 
may be rescinded from amounts that were designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to a concurrent reso-lution on the budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (Public Law 99–177): 
(1) $5,000,000 from unobligated prior year 
balances from ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Border Security, Fencing, Infra-
structure, and Technology’’; 
(2) $8,000,000 from Public Law 113–76 under 
the heading ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection, Air and Marine Operations’’ in divi-sion F of such Act; 
(3) $10,000,000 from unobligated prior year 
balances from ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protection, Construction and Facilities Man-agement’’; 
(4) $15,300,000 from ‘‘Transportation Secu-
rity Administration, Aviation Security’’ ac-count 70x0550; 
(5) $187,000,000 from Public Law 113–76 
under the heading ‘‘Transportation Security Administration, Aviation Security’’; 
(6) $2,550,000 from Public Law 112–10 under 
the heading ‘‘Coast Guard, Acquisition, Con-struction, and Improvements’’; 
(7) $12,095,000 from Public Law 112–74 under 
the heading ‘‘Coast Guard, Acquisition, Con-struction, and Improvements’’; 
(8) $16,349,000 from Public Law 113–6 under 
the heading ‘‘Coast Guard, Acquisition, Con-struction, and Improvements’’; 
(9) $30,643,000 from Public Law 113–76 under 
the heading ‘‘Coast Guard, Acquisition, Con-struction, and Improvements’’; 
(10) $24,000,000 from ‘‘Federal Emergency 
Management Agency, National Predisaster Mitigation Fund’’ account 70x0716; and 
(11) $16,627,000 from ‘‘Science and Tech-
nology, Research, Development, Acquisition, and Operations’’ account 70x0800. 
(RESCISSION)  
SEC. 574. From the unobligated balances 
made available in the Department of the Treasury Forfeiture Fund established by sec-tion 9703 of title 31, United States Code, (added by section 638 of Public Law 102–393), $175,000,000 shall be rescinded. 
(RESCISSIONS)  
SEC. 575. Of the funds transferred to the 
Department of Homeland Security when it was created in 2003, the following funds are hereby rescinded from the following ac-counts and programs in the specified amounts: 
(1) $1,317,018 from ‘‘U.S. Customs and Bor-
der Protection, Salaries and Expenses’’; 
(2) $57,998 from ‘‘Coast Guard, Acquisition, 
Construction, and Improvements’’; 
(3) $17,597 from ‘‘Federal Emergency Man-
agement Agency, Office of Domestic Pre-paredness’’; and 
(4) $82,926 from ‘‘Federal Emergency Man-
agement Agency, National Predisaster Miti-gation Fund’’. 
S
EC. 576. The following unobligated bal-
ances made available to the Department of Homeland Security pursuant to section 505 of the Department of Homeland Security Ap-propriations Act, 2014 (Public Law 113–76) are rescinded: 
(1) $463,404 from ‘‘Office of the Secretary 
and Executive Management’’; 
(2) $47,023 from ‘‘Office of the Under Sec-
retary for Management’’; 
(3) $29,852 from ‘‘Office of the Chief Finan-
cial Officer’’; 
(4) $16,346 from ‘‘Office of the Chief Infor-
mation Officer’’; 
(5) $816,384 from ‘‘Analysis and Oper-
ations’’; 
(6) $158,931 from ‘‘Office of Inspector Gen-
eral’’; 
(7) $635,153 from ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border 
Protection, Salaries and Expenses’’; 
(8) $65,195 from ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border 
Protection, Automation Modernization’’; 
(9) $96,177 from ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border 
Protection, Air and Marine Operations’’; 
(10) $2,368,902 from ‘‘U.S. Immigration and 
Customs Enforcement, Salaries and Ex-penses’’; 
(11) $600,000 from ‘‘Transportation Security 
Administration, Federal Air Marshals’’; (12) $3,096,521 from ‘‘Coast Guard, Oper-
ating Expenses’’; 
(13) $208,654 from ‘‘Coast Guard, Reserve 
Training’’; 
(14) $1,722,319 from ‘‘Coast Guard, Acquisi-
tion, Construction, and Improvements’’; 
(15) $1,256,900 from ‘‘United States Secret 
Service, Salaries and Expenses’’; 
(16) $107,432 from ‘‘National Protection and 
Programs Directorate, Management and Ad-ministration’’; 
(17) $679,212 from ‘‘National Protection and 
Programs Directorate, Infrastructure Pro-tection and Information Security’’; 
(18) $26,169 from ‘‘Office of Biometric Iden-
tity Management’’; 
(19) $37,201 from ‘‘Office of Health Affairs’’; (20) $818,184 from ‘‘Federal Emergency 
Management Agency, Salaries and Ex-penses’’; 
(21) $447,280 from ‘‘Federal Emergency 
Management Agency, State and Local Pro-grams’’; 
(22) $98,841 from ‘‘Federal Emergency Man-
agement Agency, United States Fire Admin-istration’’; 
(23) $448,073 from ‘‘United States Citizen-
ship and Immigration Services’’; 
(24) $519,503 from ‘‘Federal Law Enforce-
ment Training Center, Salaries and Ex-penses’’; 
(25) $500,005 from ‘‘Science and Technology, 
Management and Administration’’; and 
(26) $68,910 from ‘‘Domestic Nuclear Detec-
tion Office, Management and Administra-tion’’. 
(RESCISSION)  
SEC. 577. Of the unobligated balances made 
available to ‘‘Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency, Disaster Relief Fund’’, $375,000,000 shall be rescinded: Provided , That 
no amounts may be rescinded from amounts that were designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to a con-current resolution on the budget or the Bal-anced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended: Provided further , 
That no amounts may be rescinded from the amounts that were designated by the Con-gress as being for disaster relief pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(D) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
S
EC. 578. The explanatory statement re-
garding this Act, printed in the House of Representatives section of the Congressional Record, on or about January 13, 2015, by the Chairman of the Committee on Appropria-tions of the House, shall have the same effect with respect to the allocation of funds and implementation of this Act as if it were a joint explanatory statement of a committee of conference. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Department 
of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2015’’. 
SA 256. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an 
amendment to amendment SA 255 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. C OCH-
RAN (for himself, Ms. M IKULSKI , and 
Mrs. S HAHEEN )) to the bill H.R. 240, 
making appropriations for the Depart-ment of Homeland Security for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
This act shall become effective 1 day after 
enactment. 
SA 257. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an 
amendment to the bill H.R. 240, mak-ing appropriations for the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes; as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26FE6.040 S26FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1184 February 26, 2015 
At the end, add the following: 
This act shall become effective 6 days after 
enactment. 
SA 258. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an 
amendment to amendment SA 257 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill 
H.R. 240, making appropriations for the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes; as follows: 
In the amendment, strike ‘‘6 days’’ and in-
sert ‘‘5 days’’. 
SA 259. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an 
amendment to the bill H.R. 240, mak-ing appropriations for the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
This act shall become effective 4 days after 
enactment. 
SA 260. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an 
amendment to amendment SA 259 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the bill 
H.R. 240, making appropriations for the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes; as follows: 
In the amendment, strike ‘‘4 days’’ and in-
sert ‘‘3 days’’. 
SA 261. Mr. M CCONNELL proposed an 
amendment to amendment SA 260 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL to the amend-
ment SA 259 proposed by Mr. M CCON-
NELL to the bill H.R. 240, making ap-
propriations for the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, and for other purposes; as follows: 
In the amendment, strike ‘‘3 days’’ and in-
sert ‘‘2 days’’. 
SA 262. Mr. CORNYN proposed an 
amendment to the resolution S. Res. 76, welcoming the Prime Minister of Israel to the United States for his ad-dress to a joint meeting of Congress; as follows: 
On page 3, line 4, strike ‘‘joint session’’ and 
insert ‘‘joint meeting’’. 
SA 263. Mr. CORNYN proposed an 
amendment to the resolution S. Res. 76, welcoming the Prime Minister of Israel to the United States for his ad-dress to a joint meeting of Congress; as follows: 
Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘A resolu-
tion welcoming the Prime Minister of Israel to the United States for his address to a joint meeting of Congress.’’. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 26, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 26, 2015, at 10 a.m. in room SR–253 of the Russell Senate Office Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Re-sources be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 26, 2015, at 9:45 a.m. in room SD–366 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 26, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 26, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–430 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Medical and Public Health Prepared-ness and Response: Are We Ready for Future Threats?’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on February 26, 2015, at 9:30 a.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Of-fice Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ AFFAIRS  
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 26, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. in room SR–418 of the Russell Sen-ate Office Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Select Committee on Intelligence be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 26, 2015, at 2:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED TODAY 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate now proceed to the en bloc consid-
eration of the following Senate resolu-tions, which were submitted earlier today: S. Res. 89, Oregon Shakespeare Festival; S. Res. 90, American Heart Month; and S. Res. 91, Read Across America Day. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolutions en bloc. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the reso-lutions be agreed to, the preambles be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be laid upon the table en bloc. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolutions were agreed to. The preambles were agreed to. (The resolutions, with their pre-
ambles, are printed in today’s R
ECORD  
under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
APPOINTMENT 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Chair, on behalf of the President of the Senate, pursuant to Public Law 81–754, as amended by Public Law 93–536 and further amended by Public Law 100–365, appoints the following Senator to the National Historical Publication and Records Commission: the Honorable D
ANIEL SULLIVAN of Alaska. 
f 
ORDERS FOR FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 
27, 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 9:30 a.m., Friday, Feb-ruary 27; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; and that following leader remarks, the Senate then re-sume consideration of H.R. 240 under the previous order. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
Mr. M CCONNELL. If there is no fur-
ther business to come before the Sen-ate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 7:19 p.m., adjourned until Friday, February, 27, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS 
Executive nominations received by 
the Senate: 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR  
SUZETTE M. KIMBALL, OF WEST VIRGINIA, TO BE DI-
RECTOR OF THE UNITED STATES GEOLOGICAL SURVEY, VICE MARCIA K. MCNUTT, RESIGNED. 
SOCIAL SECURITY ADMINISTRATION  
ANDREW LAMONT EANES, OF KANSAS, TO BE DEPUTY 
COMMISSIONER OF SOCIAL SECURITY FOR THE TERM EX-PIRING JANUARY 19, 2019, VICE CAROLYN W. COLVIN, TERM EXPIRED. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A26FE6.041 S26FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1185 February 26, 2015 
INTER –AMERICAN DEVELOPMENT BANK  
MILEYDI GUILARTE, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, 
TO BE UNITED STATES ALTERNATE EXECUTIVE DIREC-TOR OF THE INTER–AMERICAN DEVELOPMENT BANK, VICE JAN E. BOYER, RESIGNED. 
AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT BANK  
MARCIA DENISE OCCOMY, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-
BIA, TO BE UNITED STATES DIRECTOR OF THE AFRICAN DEVELOPMENT BANK FOR A TERM OF FIVE YEARS, VICE WALTER CRAWFORD JONES, RESIGNED. 
FOREIGN SERVICE  
THE FOLLOWING–NAMED PERSONS OF THE UNITED 
STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT FOR APPOINTMENT AS FOREIGN SERVICE OFFICERS OF THE CLASSES STATED. 
FOR APPOINTMENT AS FOREIGN SERVICE OFFICER OF 
CLASS ONE, CONSULAR OFFICER AND SECRETARY IN THE DIPLOMATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMER-ICA: 
ALEXIOUS BUTLER, OF GEORGIA 
MIRIAM GAIL LUTZ, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA DANIEL JOHN MILLER, OF MINNESOTA 
FOR APPOINTMENT AS FOREIGN SERVICE OFFICER OF 
CLASS TWO, CONSULAR OFFICER AND SECRETARY IN THE DIPLOMATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: 
JOHN G. ALLELO, OF TEXAS 
MATTHEW A. ANDERSON, OF MARYLAND WILLIAM JESSE BENJAMIN, OF NORTH DAKOTA TIMOTHY WALKER BORN, OF NEW HAMPSHIRE ROBERT BURCH, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA RICHARD A. BURNS, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA DONALD P. CHISHOLM, OF VIRGINIA ERIC WILLIAM DAVIS, OF CALIFORNIA JANEAN ELYSE DAVIS, OF NEW JERSEY SUSAN DECAMP, OF FLORIDA SHEILA E. DESAI, OF FLORIDA MICHAEL J. DESISTI, OF VIRGINIA STEPHEN MICHAEL DILLE, OF TEXAS CHRISTINE A. DJONDO, OF VIRGINIA BAHIRU DUGUMA, OF VIRGINIA MARC ELLINGSTAD, OF FLORIDA JAMES EVANS–BUTLER, OF VIRGINIA ERIC S. FLORIMON–REED, OF VIRGINIA BARRY T. GILL, OF TEXAS JOHN D. GORLOWULU, OF OREGON SCOTT WAYNE HEDLUND, OF WASHINGTON TYLER C. HOLT, OF MARYLAND STEPHEN C. IKE, OF GEORGIA DANIELE JEAN–PIERRE, OF TENNESSEE BRETT JONES, OF FLORIDA CHRISTOPHER MICHAEL KELLY, OF MISSOURI HEATHER MICHELLE KHAN, OF CALIFORNIA PAUL KANGYOO KIM, OF NEW YORK ALEXANDER MATTHEW KLAITS, OF NORTH CAROLINA CHRISTOPHER E. KRAFCHAK, OF CALIFORNIA EMILY COFFMAN KRUNIC, OF FLORIDA EDWARD G. LAWRENCE, OF CALIFORNIA TERESA M. MILLER, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA FRANK EDGAR MONTICELLO, OF TEXAS NINO NADIRADZE, OF FLORIDA RICHARD LELAND NELSON, OF TEXAS JEAN ROBERTS OLIVERAS, OF ILLINOIS MARK H. PARKISON, OF MARYLAND CONAN ERIC PEISEN, OF FLORIDA IAN J. ROBERTSON, OF FLORIDA THOMAS D. ROJAS, OF WASHINGTON 
MELISSA D. ROSSER, OF OHIO LAUREN K. RUSSELL, OF VIRGINIA EZRA SIMON, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA JULIE A. SOUTHFIELD, OF VIRGINIA CHARLES SWAGMAN, OF NEW MEXICO CARL A. SWANSON, OF VIRGINIA JAMSHED JAL UNWALA, OF PENNSYLVANIA STEPHEN G. VALDES–ROBLES, OF PENNSYLVANIA THOMAS E. WHITE, OF NEW YORK DAVID R. YANGGEN, OF FLORIDA KIM KIM YEE, OF OREGON 
FOR APPOINTMENT AS FOREIGN SERVICE OFFICER OF 
CLASS THREE, CONSULAR OFFICER AND SECRETARY IN THE DIPLOMATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: 
ERIC D. ADAMS, OF WASHINGTON 
JENNIFER BELLE AGUILAR, OF TEXAS MARIE AHMED, OF CALIFORNIA OSAGIE CHRISTOPHER AIMIUWU, OF MARYLAND ANGELINA F. ALLEN–MPYISI, OF WASHINGTON AYANA WILKES ANGULO, OF VIRGINIA ZOHRA PATEL BALSARA, OF FLORIDA HERBERT RUSSELL BAUER, OF ILLINOIS CHRISTINA BECK, OF VIRGINIA 
NILS R. BERGESON, OF UTAH SARAH R. BEUTER, OF VIRGINIA SARA ELIZABETH BUCHANAN, OF TENNESSEE WILLIAM M. BUTTERFIELD, OF VIRGINIA JOHN MICHAEL CALI III, OF VIRGINIA REBECCA H. CARTER, OF ARIZONA PHILLIP M. CHERRY, OF TEXAS KYUNG SHIN CHOE, OF MARYLAND LAURA ELLEN CHOLAK CIZMO, OF VIRGINIA MICHELLE N. CORZINE, OF ILLINOIS CHERYL T.M.S. DAVIS, OF FLORIDA DANIEL A. DEDEYAN, OF TEXAS JUSTIN TROY DIVENANZO, OF ILLINOIS THOMAS C. DIVINCENZO, OF VIRGINIA RORY LOPEZ DONOHOE, OF CALIFORNIA COLIN C. DREIZIN, OF CALIFORNIA JORGE L. DULANTO–HASSENSTEIN, OF FLORIDA ANTONINA B. ESPIRITU, OF HAWAII ELIZABETH CLINTON ESSEX, OF TEXAS JOHN MICHAEL EYRES, OF ARIZONA ELIZABETH L. FEARY, OF FLORIDA ALAN J. GARCEAU, OF FLORIDA EDWARD GONZALEZ, OF CALIFORNIA LAURA GONZALEZ, OF VIRGINIA MONIKA A. GORZELANSKA, OF VIRGINIA LUANN GRONHOVD, OF NORTH DAKOTA SHAWNTEL B. HINES, OF NORTH CAROLINA CHERYL HODGE–SNEAD, OF TEXAS DANIEL A. HOLLANDER, OF ILLINOIS DAVID ELLIOTT HORTON III, OF OHIO TREVOR M. HUBLIN, OF OHIO M. SCOTT JACKSON, OF INDIANA ERIC MICHAEL JOHNSON, OF MINNESOTA KRISTIN M. JOPLIN, OF OREGON TERESE E. KALLOO, OF MARYLAND SELAM KEBROM, OF NEVADA MATTHEW ALLEN LAIRD, OF TEXAS H. ZAKS LUBIN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA SAMUEL R. MATTHEWS, OF CALIFORNIA KEVIN P. MCGRATH, OF NEW JERSEY LISA MCGREGOR–MIRGHANI, OF ARIZONA LAURA LEAH MCKECHNIE, OF OREGON GHAZI MEHMOOD, OF TEXAS STEPHEN PAUL MENARD, JR., OF MARYLAND JOSHUA ELI MIKE, OF FLORIDA MATTHEW EUGENE MILLS, OF VIRGINIA 
PATRICIA MIRA–HUNTER, OF VIRGINIA VICTORIA L MITCHELL, OF PENNSYLVANIA LARISA MORI, OF CALIFORNIA MEI MEI PENG, OF CALIFORNIA PATRICK SHAWN PHILLIPS, OF VIRGINIA NORA ELENA PINZON, OF FLORIDA KRISTIN A. POORE, OF VIRGINIA RAGHEDA ELIAS RABIE, OF INDIANA CYNTHIA B. ROGERS, OF CALIFORNIA CHRISTOPHER D. SAENGER, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-
BIA 
LEONA SASINKOVA, OF TENNESSEE LESLIE ANNE SCHAFER, OF CALIFORNIA MARGARET HELM SCHOCH, OF WASHINGTON JANINE A. SCOTT, OF MARYLAND NATHANIEL SCOTT, OF MASSACHUSETTS JOY ALMAZ SEARCIE, OF VIRGINIA NADEEM H. SHAH, OF PENNSYLVANIA DIANA E. SHANNON, OF CALIFORNIA TYCE L. SHIDELER, OF WASHINGTON VANDANA STAPLETON, OF TEXAS TIMOTHY STEIN, OF TEXAS DANA S. STINSON, OF MASSACHUSETTS SIANA ELENA TACHETT, OF WASHINGTON 
BELIEN SOLOMON TADESSE, OF MARYLAND JOSEPH GUSTAVO TERRAZAS, OF FLORIDA JOSHUA TEMPLETON, OF FLORIDA PAUL ANTHONY VACA, OF CONNECTICUT RYAN EASTMAN WALTHER, OF FLORIDA REBECCA RAY WHITE, OF NEW YORK MARK R. K. WILSON, OF VIRGINIA DINAH ZELTSER WINANT, OF FLORIDA BILLY L. WOODWARD, OF ILLINOIS FELICIA R. WILSON YOUNG, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-
BIA 
MOHAMED ZAHAR, OF NEW YORK NAIDA ZECEVIC BEAN, OF NEW JERSEY 
THE FOLLOWING–NAMED PERSONS OF THE DEPART-
MENT OF AGRICULTURE TO BE CONSULAR OFFICERS AND SECRETARIES IN THE DIPLOMATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: 
ADAM MICHAEL BRANSON, OF WASHINGTON 
MARCELA E. RONDON, OF MARYLAND RYAN R. SCOTT, OF PENNSYLVANIA MICHAEL J. WARD, OF MISSOURI 
THE FOLLOWING–NAMED CAREER MEMBERS OF THE 
FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF AGRI-CULTURE FOR PROMOTION INTO AND WITHIN THE SEN-IOR FOREIGN SERVICE TO THE CLASS INDICATED: 
FOR THE APPOINTMENT OF A CAREER MEMBER OF THE 
SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER COUN-SELOR: 
RONALD P. VERDONK, OF MARYLAND 
FOR APPOINTMENT AS A CAREER MEMBER OF THE 
SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF COUNSELOR, AND CONSULAR OFFICER AND SECRETARY IN THE DIPLO-MATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: 
MARC C. GILKEY, OF LOUISIANA 
THE JUDICIARY  
MARY BARZEE FLORES, OF FLORIDA, TO BE UNITED 
STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF FLORIDA, VICE ROBIN S. ROSENBAUM, ELEVATED . 
JULIEN XAVIER NEALS, OF NEW JERSEY, TO BE UNITED 
STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE DISTRICT OF NEW JERSEY, VICE FAITH S. HOCHBERG, RETIRING. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A26FE6.001 S26FEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E255 February 26, 2015 
HONORING ANN WHITLEY FOR HER 
SERVICE TO THE CALIFORNIA REPUBLICAN PARTY 
HON. TOM McCLINTOCK 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, February 26, 2015 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
honor Ann Whitley for her 25 years of service as the linchpin of the California Republican Party and thank her for working so tirelessly to make it possible for California Republicans to paint their principles in bold colors. 
Ann has devoted her life to the advance-
ment of these principles. She has been a pre-cinct captain, led volunteer drives, and served as President of the California Republican Women Federated. 
As Director of Membership for the California 
Republican Party, Ann has managed relation-ships with more than 2,000 members of the Republican State Central Committee. In this role, she has served as the liaison to 58 coun-ty chairmen, as well as to federal, state, and local Republican legislators. Ann has also been actively involved in recruiting new volun-teers for the party and has organized numer-ous get-out-the vote drives across California and coordinated the twice-yearly party conven-tions. 
Ann is a courageous cancer survivor, who 
even in trying times remained loyal to the cause of freedom that inspired her throughout her life and became an institution to the party that upon Ann’s retirement must fill a major void. 
Mr. Speaker, the California Republican 
Party will continue to reap Ann Whitley’s con-tributions for years to come, and I rise to ex-press my profound gratitude for her tremen-dous service. 
f 
HONORING PHYLLIS CURRIE ON 
HER DISTINGUISHED CAREER AS GENERAL MANAGER OF PASA-DENA WATER AND POWER 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, February 26, 2015 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
offer a tribute to Ms. Phyllis Currie. On April 30, 2015 Ms. Currie will retire from Pasadena Water and Power after a 30 year career with the City of Los Angeles. 
Ms. Currie’s commitment to the city of Pasa-
dena, coupled with her business sense, peo-ple skills and personal integrity have added to Pasadena’s Water and Power achievements during a transformative time in the energy in-dustry. Many Californians have greatly bene-fited from her leadership and vision while at the helm of the utility. 
Ms. Currie has served for 14 years as Gen-
eral Manager of a highly-regarded public power utility providing reliable and affordable 
electricity and water to 81,500 consumers in southern California. Under Currie’s leadership, Pasadena’s Water and Power has been a leader in meeting its aggressive goal of 40% by 2020 of renewable energy and water con-servation. 
Prior to joining Pasadena Water and Power, 
Ms. Currie served as the Chief Financial Offi-cer for the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power; Assistant City Administrative Offi-cer overseeing development of the city’s an-nual operating and capital budgets. She was Chair of the Board of Directors of the Amer-ican Public Power Association (2012–2013), President of the California Municipal Utilities Association (2014), and President to the Southern California Public Power Authority (2005–2006) where she was a trusted advisor, ally and decision maker on numerous capital projects and polices that come before the or-ganization. 
In her many leadership positions in the pub-
lic power community, Ms. Currie testified often before Congress, and helped inform legislators of public power’s positions on issues ranging from reallocation of power from Hoover Dam to electric reliability. Ms. Currie’s credibility and vast knowledge helped guide federal pol-icymakers on many important energy issues. 
In the 111th and 112th Congresses, Ms. 
Currie testified in the House of Representa-tives and in the Senate in support of the ‘‘Hoo-ver Power Allocation Act’’—a bill to re-allocate hydroelectric power generated at Hoover Dam, to Pasadena and numerous other cities, Indian Tribes, agencies, and others in California, Ari-zona and Nevada. The legislation was passed by Congress and signed into law by President Obama in December, 2011. Through this ef-fort, Currie and her colleagues, assisted con-sumers in Pasadena and other southern Cali-fornia cities, in securing a low-cost and emis-sions-free hydropower supply for another 50 years. 
My personal and professional respect and 
admiration for Ms. Currie run deep, and as her friend, colleague and a fellow Californian, I wish her happiness and good health in her fu-ture endeavors. 
Thank you for your service, Phyllis. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO THOMAS ALOMES 
AND THE UNI-CAPITOL WASH-INGTON INTERNSHIP PROGRAM 
HON. JERROLD NADLER 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, February 26, 2015 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, each year con-
gressional offices host Australian college stu-dents as interns with the Uni-Capitol program. It gives them the opportunity to learn about the American democratic and legislative proc-ess as well as see how the Congress func-tions on a firsthand basis. 
My office is taking part in it right now, along 
with others in Congress. Some of Australia’s brightest are here, pursuing knowledge and 
understanding. In so doing, we are forging bonds that will last even after they have re-turned to Australia. 
The Uni-Capitol program was born of the ef-
forts of Eric Federing. Eric worked for more than a decade in the House and the Senate as a senior adviser. While doing this job, he lectured across Australia on American govern-ment, politics, and news media. In an effort to forge ties across the Pacific and for the better-ment of both societies, Eric put together this idea in Washington in 1999. 
The selection process for the students is 
competitive and intellectually rigorous, ensur-ing the highest quality applicant. Thomas Alomes of Monash University, my office’s 2015 intern, surely reflects this. All partici-pating students are comprehensively matched with a congressional office and corresponding position. They come from a wide range of aca-demic disciplines and bring as much knowl-edge and understanding to our offices as they take away. 
Over the two months of their internship, Mr. 
Federing’s students have approached this op-portunity with enthusiasm. Thomas has been an excellent addition to my office, producing well-written and high-quality work including memos on Civil Asset Forfeiture, the Author-ization for Use of Military Force, and national security law. He has become a valued mem-ber of the team and taught us about the many commonalities between our two countries. While in Washington, DC, he has had the op-portunity to learn from a wide range of officials from the Australian embassy, the DC media, and the White House. Now at the end of his internship, he can navigate the historic hall-ways of the Capitol like a pro. 
Australia continues to be one of America’s 
strongest allies. Our greatest gift is the friend-ship born of shared values. I thank the Uni- Capitol Program and Thomas Alomes for their hard work, and I wish the program and Tom continued success in the future. 
f 
RECOGNIZING CALVIN GREENE 
HON. PATRICK MEEHAN 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, February 26, 2015 
Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the 76 years of service that Calvin Greene has given to Bart Township in Lan-caster County, Pennsylvania. 
Calvin has lived his entire life in Bart Town-
ship, having grown up on a farm that has be-longed to his family since 1832. He spent his career doing what he loved: farming. He ran his farm as a dairy farm, milking cows until 1997 before crop farming. He retired in 2008. Calvin’s farm won the 2014 Conservation Award from the Lancaster County Conserva-tion District in recognition of his farm’s com-mitment to preserving our environment. 
Calvin has been a dedicated servant of his 
community, serving on the Bart Township 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K26FE8.001 E26FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E256 February 26, 2015 
Planning Commission and the township’s Zon-
ing Hearing Board. He has served as a Bart Township Supervisor since 1988. 
Calvin has three children, six grandchildren 
and one great grandchild with his wife Valeria. He’s a life-long member of the Middle Octorara Presbyterian Church, where he’s taught Sunday School. 
Mr. Speaker, I wish to thank Calvin Greene 
for his leadership for his community and na-tion. 
f 
REMEMBERING DAVID BRAUN 
HON. BRIAN BABIN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, February 26, 2015 
Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor a great man and a friend, David Braun. David passed away last Saturday, February 21, at the age of 59 following a courageous three-year battle with liver cancer. 
David was a true public servant and a pow-
erful voice in the Houston community. As a former Nassau Bay city councilman, mayor pro tem, and aerospace manager at the Bay Area Houston Economic Partnership, his de-votion to helping others and advancing the causes of our community was unmatched. 
David’s passion for public service and com-
munity involvement was fueled by his devotion to God and his church. David actively served his church community by providing religious education to children of all grade levels as well as serving on various committees. 
I’m proud to have known David and seen 
his passion firsthand. I am especially grateful for his unwavering support of NASA and the Johnson Space Center. David worked tire-lessly to advance our nation’s human space flight program. He also contributed directly to the creation of the ‘‘Preserving Aerospace Tal-ent’’ program, which has enabled aerospace companies to find quality, experienced em-ployees. 
Each May, with Citizens for Space Explo-
ration, David would organize as many as 150 volunteers to travel to Capitol Hill to stress the importance of supporting NASA’s human space flight program and the Johnson Space Center. In 2014, David organized an effort that enabled the group to meet with 354 congres-sional offices in just over two days. This un-precedented demonstration of grassroots sup-port for our nation’s space program would not have been possible without David’s leader-ship. 
David Braun was a great man. He was well- 
respected and greatly admired by all of those he worked with. His ability to encourage and inspire others will have a positive, lasting im-pact on future generations to come. We should all strive to be more like David Braun. We should all also work to help fulfil his mis-sion to see NASA be the unquestioned world-wide leader in space exploration. 
My prayers and deepest condolences go out 
to David’s wife, Angela, and his son, Michael. David will be sorely missed in our community, but his passion and legacy will certainly live on as he has laid a great foundation for his community. COMMEMORATING THE 250TH ANNI-
VERSARY OF WEST WHITELAND TOWNSHIP 
HON. RYAN A. COSTELLO 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, February 26, 2015 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to honor an outstanding southeastern Pennsylvania municipality cele-brating its 250th anniversary. 
West Whiteland Township, Chester County, 
is a nearly 13 square-mile municipality that was incorporated in 1765 when the former Whiteland Township was divided into East and West Whiteland. Historians have noted that West Whiteland enjoyed an advantageous lo-cation in the Chester Valley, or Great Valley, and that the natural features were conducive to early settlement, agriculture, industry and developments in transportation. In 1855, it was described ‘‘with its smiling farms and restful homes as looking like one vast and magnifi-cent garden.’’ 
Located near major transportation routes, 
such as the intersection of Routes 30 and 222 and the Downingtown Bypass, West Whiteland continues to attract new residents and busi-nesses. The Township’s population has more than doubled since 1973 to well over 18,000. Still, the Massey House—or Sleepy Hollow Hall—and the Zook House in Exton continue to stand as reminders of the Township’s rural and agriculture heritage, as well as a tribute to the character of the Township’s earliest resi-dents. 
Township officials and members of the com-
munity will commemorate the 250th anniver-sary at the Chester County Library in Exton on Thursday, February 26, 2015. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join 
me today in congratulating West Whiteland Township on its momentous anniversary and offering best wishes for continued prosperity, harmony and exceptional quality of life. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO EMMA JAKEMAN 
HON. RODNEY DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, February 26, 2015 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-
er, for the past eight weeks, I have had the privilege of hosting Emma Jakeman as an in-tern in my office as part of the Uni-Capitol Washington Intern Programme, which brings students from ten of Australia’s premier uni-versities to Capitol Hill. 
From the very beginning, Emma displayed 
dedication and good time management in the office. She is very bright with excellent people skills and a thirst for knowledge of the Amer-ican legislative process. Many times, Emma was the first to volunteer to assist with memos or legislative research and was always de-lighted to help in any way. 
She made the office a warm, welcoming 
place with her positive attitude and bright smile. Proud of her nationality, she was all too happy to enlighten me and my staff with knowledge of Australian food and traditions, even sharing with us a pavlova in celebration of Australia Day on January 26th. Although I was only able to have her in my 
office for a short time, Emma will always be a valued member of Team Davis. I am thankful and proud to have had the opportunity to have hosted such a bright young student in my of-fice. I hope she is able to return to Australia with fond memories of her time on the Hill and I wish her the best as she finishes her studies at Monash University. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MS. CATHERINE 
BEAUDOIN AS THE 2016 OKALOOSA COUNTY, FLORIDA TEACHER OF THE YEAR 
HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, February 26, 2015 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
to congratulate Ms. Catherine Beaudoin as the 2016 Okaloosa County, Florida Teacher of the Year. Throughout her time in Okaloosa Coun-ty, Ms. Beaudoin has served her students, her colleagues, and her community as an out-standing educator, and I am proud to recog-nize her success and outstanding achieve-ments. 
Ms. Catherine Beaudoin received her Bach-
elor’s Degree in English and K–12 Education from Rowan University in Glassboro, New Jer-sey, and was awarded the Excellent English Major Award for her creativity and strong work ethic. Upon graduation, Ms. Beaudoin moved to Okaloosa County, Florida, to pursue her ca-reer in teaching as a sixth and seventh grade Language Arts teacher at Pryor Middle School in Fort Walton Beach. 
During her time as an educator, Ms. 
Beaudoin has consistently gone above and beyond the call of duty, leading her students and serving the Northwest Florida community in a myriad of roles. As the Sixth Grade SAILS Honor Program Coordinator for the 2013–2014 school year, she helped lead and facilitate the only advanced placement program for middle school students offered in Okaloosa County. Ms. Beaudoin has also served as a member of the Pryor Middle School leadership team, taking on the important responsibility of devel-oping and presenting the school’s Writing Plan to the Assistant Superintendent at the Prin-cipal’s Quarterly Review. In addition, as a strong voice in the teaching community, Ms. Beaudoin is a member of several leadership groups within the Okaloosa County School district, including the OCSD Writing Implemen-tation Group, ELA/Reading Best Practices, and ELA Textbook Adoption Committee. 
Aside from her academic leadership, Ms. 
Beaudoin has helped students throughout Okaloosa County, leading numerous extra-curricular activities as coach of the Fort Wal-ton Beach High School Junior Varsity Girl’s soccer team and of the Pryor Middle School Girl’s soccer team. Building on her success coaching soccer, this upcoming spring, Ms. Beaudoin will take on a position as coach of both the Boy’s and Girl’s tennis teams at Pryor Middle School. 
Mr. Speaker, teachers are amongst our 
most valuable public servants, and they play an integral role in shaping the future of our Nation. The Okaloosa County Teacher of the Year award is a true reflection of Ms. Beaudoin’s tireless work ethic and steadfast 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K26FE8.004 E26FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E257 February 26, 2015 
dedication to the students of Okaloosa Coun-
ty. She has proven to be among the many ex-ceptional teachers in our Nation, and on be-half of the United States Congress, I am privi-leged to recognize Ms. Catherine Beaudoin for her accomplishments and her continuing com-mitment to excellence. My wife Vicki joins me in congratulating Ms. Beaudoin as the 2016 Okaloosa County, Florida Teacher of the Year and thanking her for dedication to serving the students, teachers, and families of the North-west Florida community. We wish her all the best for continued success. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF JAMES BAR-
RETT M CNULTY, FORMER MAYOR 
OF SCRANTON, PENNSYLVANIA 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, February 26, 2015 
Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor James Barrett McNulty for his commendable leadership while serving as the Mayor of Scranton, Pennsylvania. Mayor McNulty’s earnest commitment to service has led to great strides in revitalizing the economy and rich culture of Scranton. His administra-tion undertook a number of development projects that provided the foundation for suc-cessful attractions that the city still offers today. 
Born and raised in Scranton, James McNul-
ty is the eldest of six siblings. He graduated from The University of Scranton, where he re-ceived his bachelor’s degree in political science. His remarkable enthusiasm for help-ing his community is clearly a key component of his stellar career in public service. He began as an aide to U.S. Representative Dan-iel Flood, and he eventually sought public of-fice himself, becoming the mayor of the City of Scranton in 1982. Mayor McNulty’s outgoing personality and hands-on management style helped him lead the way in restoring Scran-ton’s economy and profile. 
Two of Jim McNulty’s most prominent 
projects were the building of a historic rail mu-seum and the refurbishment of a train terminal into the now prestigious Radisson Lacka-wanna Station Hotel, both of which brought many jobs and tourists to the city. These en-deavors proved to be lasting successes, as both continue to offer educative and enticing windows into the fascinating rail history of Scranton. Both projects helped Scranton’s economic past become its economic future. Though he no longer serves as the Mayor of Scranton, McNulty remains widely recognized for his continuing engagement with the city government and the residents it serves. 
James Barrett McNulty proved to be a great 
mayor and outstanding citizen. His leadership has always been rooted in his strong desire to help the people of Scranton. For this reason, I honor the former Mayor of Scranton, Penn-sylvania. THE PASSING OF HENRY T. 
SEGERSTROM 
HON. LORETTA SANCHEZ 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, February 26, 2015 
Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the passing last Friday of a truly great Orange County farmer and retailer, military veteran and visionary, philanthropist and patron of the arts. Henry T. Segerstrom’s story epitomizes the pioneer spirit that helped to make our country great. 
The son of Swedish immigrants who found 
their way to Orange County in 1898, Henry grew up working his family’s lima bean fields in Costa Mesa, California. He went to Stanford in 1940 but answered his country’s call in World War Two. Severely wounded in combat in Germany, Mr. Segerstrom returned home determined to finish his education graduating with an MBA. At age 25, he joined the family business, C.J. Segerstrom and Sons, and began making Orange County history. 
The young executive turned the bean fields 
into real estate gold developing commercial property including brand new office towers. Henry Segerstrom was now positioned for even greater success. He envisioned one of the nation’s premier shopping centers along the 405 Freeway in Costa Mesa and had the will and the skill to open South Coast Plaza in 1967. The Plaza attracted the finest retail stores in the world and became a shopping destination for customers across the globe. 
Had he stopped there, his place in Orange 
County history would have been assured. In-stead, Henry Segerstrom reinvented another tract of his holdings in Orange County giving rise in 1986 to the Segerstrom Center for the Arts. He served as founding chairman of the new center and remained one of its most gen-erous donors. Mr. Segerstrom followed up this phenomenal success with the opening of a new Concert Hall in 2006 once again chang-ing the cultural landscape of the County for generations to come. 
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to call Henry T. 
Segerstrom my friend. He will be sorely missed by his family, his fellow arts patrons and the wider Orange County community which will benefit from his generosity and goodwill for years to come. 
f 
HOMELAND SECURITY FUNDING 
HON. NYDIA M. VELA´ZQUEZ 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, February 26, 2015 
Ms. VELA ´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, when we 
come to Congress all of us take an oath to protect our nation, our homeland. Today, we risk undermining that solemn promise due to partisan objections to the President’s immigra-tion actions. Even if my colleagues disagree with the President’s immigration actions, the answer is not to hold hostage funding for 
homeland security. 
Senate Republicans recognize this. The 
Senate voted 98 to 2 yesterday to begin con-sideration of a clean funding bill. It is time to Act! Yet, the House continues dawdling as we lurch toward a homeland security shutdown. Whether it is training first responders, build-
ing new firehouses or paying TSA screeners, some things should be above politics. We can-not afford to suspend funding for our Home-land Security. 
The time for political games is over. The 
House Republican Leadership should move a clean Homeland Security funding bill imme-diately—like that being considered in the Sen-ate. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND 
SECURITY FUNDING 
HON. JOYCE BEATTY 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, February 26, 2015 
Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, we only have 
two more days before funding for the Depart-ment of Homeland Security runs out. 
Two days to ensure that our ports and bor-
ders are secure. 
Two days to keep our airports and skies 
safe. 
Two days to make sure our first responders 
are trained and protected. 
Mr. Speaker, the Majority leadership has de-
cided to put our national security at risk and put the economic security of our public serv-ants in jeopardy. 
40,000 border agents, 50,000 airport 
screeners, and 40,000 Coast Guard military members, who are essential workers, will con-tinue to work without pay. 
While Congress continues to receive pay. That is no way to thank Americans who put 
themselves in harm’s way and secure the homeland. 
I urge my colleagues to fulfill our most basic 
duty—to ensure the safety and security of the American people. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO MRS. SYDNEY 
GIBSON KING 
HON. ROBERT A. BRADY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, February 26, 2015 
Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, 
as the nation celebrates Black History Month, I rise to celebrate a Philadelphia treasure, Mrs. Sydney G. King. Because of her love and dedication to dance and her desire to train Black ballerinas, Mrs. King opened the Sydney School of Dance in the 1940’s for aspiring Af-rican American dancers who were not allowed to attend white dance studios in post war seg-regated Philadelphia. 
Born in Kingston, Jamaica in 1919, King 
came to Philadelphia with her family when she was just two years old and at an early age began studying ballet under the tutelage of dance pioneer Essie Marie Dorsey. 
For more than six decades the Sydney 
School of Dance trained hundreds of Black children and many went on to receive national and international recognition in the dance world. 
Those students include dance professionals 
such as: Joan Meyers Brown, the founder and director of the much acclaimed Philadanco; Billy Wilson, famed director/choreographer and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26FE8.002 E26FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E258 February 26, 2015 
soloist with the National Ballet of Holland; 
Broadway performer Betsy Ann Dickerson; singer/actress Lola Falana; Carol Johnson, a former principal dancer with the Eleo Pomare Dance Company and founder of an aboriginal dance company in Australia; and Arthur Hall, founder of the Afro American Dance Ensem-ble. 
These dance greats in no way diminish the 
accomplishments of hundreds of her other stu-dents who did not choose careers in dance but because of the empowering and esteem building training at the Sydney School of Dance they are today proud and successful professionals in a variety of fields. 
Mrs. King, the mother of three children, is a 
widow and now at the age of 95 sums her life’s dedication to dance by saying simply she wanted to, ‘‘train and create Black ballerinas.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my other 
distinguished colleagues join me in honoring her and her lifetime contribution to the arts and the African American community. Mrs. Sydney Gibson King is a treasure! 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, February 26, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,148,105,006,223.08. We’ve 
added $7,521,227,957,310.00 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF REVEREND 
SHEDERICK ABNER’S 30 YEARS IN MINISTRY 
HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, February 26, 2015 
Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask for the House’s attention today to recog-nize Reverend Shederick Abner. Rev. Abner has been a dedicated minister and on March 1st, a Pastoral Installation Service will be held for him. 
Rev. Abner was born December 10th, 1962, 
and is a native of Montgomery, Alabama. He attended Montgomery Public Schools and completed his undergraduate degree in Bib-lical Studies and Pastoral Ministries and grad-uated Summa Cum Laude from Selma Univer-sity in 2007 and 2009 with an Associate and Bachelor of Arts Degree respectively. He earned his Master’s of Arts Degree in 2011. 
Rev. Abner served in the U.S. Army from 
1981–88 as an Army Bandsman. He was em-ployed by the Alabama Department of Correc-tions from 1988–95 and Albany International Industry from 1995 until his medical retirement in 2001. 
Rev. Abner was called into the ministry in 
1994 and joined the North Montgomery Baptist Church. In 1999, he joined the First Baptist 
Church Greater Washington Park where he has served the congregation faithfully. He also served as pastor of First Baptist Church Pike Road. 
Rev. Abner is a member of several civic or-
ganizations, including: the Montgomery Metro Ministers’ Conference, Omega Psi Phi Frater-nity, Inc., Westside Restoration, Inc., Alabama State Missionary Baptist Convention, Inc. and the Ministers’ Division of the National Baptist Congress. 
He is married to Valarie Abner and has two 
daughters, Torquoria and Jasmine and one granddaughter, Kyleigh. On Sunday, March 1st, a Pastoral Installation Service will be held at Mary Magdalene Missionary Baptist Church in Shorter, Alabama. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me in thanking 
Reverend Shederick Abner for his Service. 
f 
HONORING BRUNETTE CRAWFORD 
NELMS ON HER 105TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. MARSHA BLACKBURN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, February 26, 2015 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, we often 
stand in awe of those who reach their 100th birthday. Well Brunette Crawford Nelms turns 105 this March! She is truly a glowing exam-ple of strength and a life well-lived. Her life motto has five points: live well, learn a lot, laugh often, love much, and let your life shine. She attributes her good fortune throughout her life to the goodness of God and his watchful care. ‘‘If you are not thinking about it,’’ Bru-nette says, ‘‘time will slip by before you realize it.’’ 
Brunette’s legacy is one framed by Amer-
ican tradition and innovation, love, education, faith, patriotic duty, pride and joy. Brunette re-members days of buggies and travel on horse-back. She grew up on a cotton farm in Ash-land, Mississippi. She remembers gramophones, Model-T Fords, washboards, the first planes and the first radios. At the end of WWI, Brunette watched celebrations of the armistice with her twin Blondie. Brunette began teaching school in her early 20s. She taught during the year and attended summer school until she finished her degree from the University of Alabama in 1937. A short time later, Brunette married W.C. Nelms. Once WWII began, the majority of Brunette’s family, including Nelms, served in the Armed Forces. As noted on one of his medals, ‘‘Major W.C. Nelms’ invaluable service and diligent devotion to duty reflect great credit to him and the Armed Forces of the United States.’’ The war ended and Brunette and Nelms had two chil-dren. Brunette continued to teach elementary school for 14 more years and retired in 1974. She enjoyed 20 years of retirement with her dear husband and family in Clinton, Mis-sissippi until his passing. In 2005, Brunette moved to the great state of Tennessee, where she now resides in Memphis with family. 
As we celebrate Brunette’s 105th birthday, 
we celebrate her faith, her health and the in-numerable lives touched by her thoughtful teaching, optimism and friendship. I rise today to honor Brunette Nelms and ask my col-leagues to join with me in thanking her for her 105 years of patriotic contribution and service. DRINKING WATER PROTECTION 
ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. CANDICE S. MILLER 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, February 24, 2015 
Mrs. MILLER of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today in support of H.R. 212, the Drinking Water Protection Act. 
Last summer, as a result of toxic algae 
blooms in Lake Erie, hundreds of thousands of residents in Toledo were banned from using the city’s drinking water, creating a state of emergency for local counties. This incident, which lasted for multiple days, is a reminder of the serious threat these toxic blooms pose to all of our Great Lakes and the communities that rely on them, and not just the immediately surrounding communities. 
The Great Lakes account for over 20 per-
cent of the fresh water drinking supply on the entire planet, and they generate billions of dol-lars each year through the fishing and ship-ping industries and recreational activities. We cannot ignore the threat posed by these toxic algae blooms and need to do more to protect our magnificent Lakes. 
Assuring that we have adequate resources 
dedicated to monitoring and managing this threat across the entire Great Lakes Region must be a priority, which is why I introduced legislation last Congress to help advance vol-untary assurance programs in Michigan and why I have and will continue to support legis-lative measures like H.R. 212, the Drinking Water Protection Act. 
Michigan farmers have been leading the 
way when it comes to protecting our Lakes from damage caused by algae blooms, but they should not carry the burden alone. We must all work together to preserve and protect the health of our agricultural and maritime re-sources. It is my hope that this important leg-islation will be promptly approved by the Sen-ate and sent to the President’s desk. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MR. ART 
COVIELLO ON THE OCCASION OF HIS RETIREMENT 
HON. JAMES R. LANGEVIN 
OF RHODE ISLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, February 26, 2015 
Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Mr. Art Coviello, a longtime friend and leader in the security industry, on his retire-ment as Executive Vice President of EMC Corporation and Executive Chairman of RSA, The Security Division of EMC. Art has pushed the envelope in the industry for more than 40 years, and his influence as a thought-leader, as well as his work solving complex chal-lenges in the Age of Information, have truly helped transform the field of security, specifi-cally with regard to cyber-security. 
As the new millennium ushered in 
groundbreaking advancements, Art served as a conductor, helping to guide the industry through new developments in the most tech-nologically dynamic time period the world has ever seen. Mr. Coviello’s impact has been felt in both private and public sectors alike as he 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26FE8.007 E26FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E259 February 26, 2015 
pushed us all to a better state of affairs 
through engagement in initiatives like the Na-tional Cyber Security Summit, TechNet New England, the Cyber Security Industry Alliance, and many others. He has also testified in Con-gress on a number of occasions, lending his expertise to our deliberations here in order to ensure that our nation remains a leader in cyberspace. Art retains the special ability to see beyond the visible arc of technological ad-vances and effectively communicate about an incredibly dynamic landscape in order to posi-tively impact policy. 
I am honored to extend my deep gratitude 
and praise to Art as he retires, and to be able to call him a friend. I wish him the best of luck in all future endeavors. 
f 
FAIRNESS IN STUDENT LOAN 
LENDING ACT 
HON. JIM McDERMOTT 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, February 26, 2015 
Mr. M CDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, in an effort 
to provide students and families much need relief and protection from crippling student loan debt, Congressman J
IMMCDERMOTT (D– 
WA), a senior member of the Budget and Ways and Means Committees, today intro-duced legislation that would save students and parents thousands of dollars by allowing stu-dent loan borrowers to refinance their federal and private student loans. The Fairness in Student Loan Lending Act will also allow hold-ers of private student loans the ability to dis-charge their debt in bankruptcy, which is not currently permitted. 
Federal law currently prevents responsible 
student loan borrowers with federal student loans in good standing from refinancing their loans to a lower rate. This has left millions of students and parents holding loans with inter-est rates of 7 percent. Under the Fairness in Student Loan Lending Act, student loan bor-rowers in good standing will be able to refi-nance their loans to a rate equal to the 10- year Treasury note on the last day of business of the previous month plus one percent. For example, a borrower who refinances on Feb-ruary 2015 would refinance to a rate of 2.64%. 
While federal law allows borrowers to dis-
charge many types of debt during bankruptcy, including car loans and gambling debt, student loans holders are not permitted to discharge their student loans during bankruptcy. The Fairness in Student Loan Lending Act pro-vides a mechanism that allows borrowers holding private loans the ability to discharge these private loans during bankruptcy. 
f 
HONORING DONNA WILTSHIRE 
HON. RODNEY DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, February 26, 2015 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-
er, I would like to honor Donna Wiltshire who recently retired from the United States Depart-ment of Agriculture after serving Illinoisans for over 43 years. In 1971, Ms. Wiltshire began her career with the Farmers Home Administra-tion as a Clerk Stenographer on the State Of-
fice’s Housing Staff. After 15 years, she was promoted to Single Family Housing Specialist where she proudly served Illinois for the re-mainder of her career. She cherished opportu-nities to posit her own thoughts and to hear the ideas of others, creating a vibrant and constructive working environment for all around her. 
Ms. Wiltshire’s dedication and passion for 
rural development is seemingly unmatched and has not gone unrecognized by her col-leagues. Ms. Wiltshire worked tirelessly to as-sist families with the home ownership process, knowing that home ownership has a lasting ef-fect on families and communities. 
In her retirement, Ms. Wiltshire looks for-
ward to spending more time with her four grandchildren and continuing her life of service through her church. 
I am proud to honor Donna Wiltshire today 
and would like to wish her a happy and ful-filling retirement and thank her for her service and dedication to the entire community. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE REVEREND 
CURTIS RAINES, SR. 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, February 26, 2015 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is 
with a heavy heart and solemn remembrance that I rise today to pay tribute to the Reverend Curtis Raines, Sr., President of the General Missionary Baptist Convention of Georgia and beloved Pastor of New Pilgrim Missionary Baptist Church in Macon, Georgia and Mount Zion Baptist Church in Bolingbroke, Georgia. 
Sadly, Rev. Raines passed away on Satur-
day, February 21, 2015. He leaves in his wake many heavy hearts among his church family, his supporters, and his community. On Friday, February 27, 2015, a memorial service will be held in his honor at New Pilgrim Missionary Baptist Church in Macon, followed by a Homegoing Celebration on Saturday, February 28, 2015 at Fellowship Bible Baptist Church in Warner Robins, Georgia. 
A Georgia man through and through, Rev. 
Raines was born on September 22, 1947. He studied at public schools in Upson County be-fore attending the American Baptist Theo-logical Seminary in Tennessee, the Georgia Baptist Theological Seminary, and Mercer Uni-versity in Macon. He was licensed in the min-istry in 1980 and ordained as a minister in 1981. He earned a Bachelor of Theology de-gree and a Master of Pastoral Ministry degree from Emmanuel Bible College in 1995 and 1997, respectively. 
Rev. Raines worked at Warner Robins Air 
Force Base as Production General Manager of Sheet Metal Manufacturing for more than 27 years until his retirement in 1993. He has served as Pastor of New Pilgrim Missionary Baptist Church for 30 years and Mount Zion Baptist Church for 27 years. Throughout his pastoral career, always seeking to improve the craft of Christian ministry and discipleship, Rev. Raines became Vice President and, later, President of the General Missionary Baptist Convention of Georgia, Inc. (GMBC). Founded in 1870, the GMBC is the largest or-ganization of African Americans in the state of Georgia. A revered leader, Rev. Raines 
oversaw a membership of over 800 churches, representing over 550,000 African-American Baptists in Georgia. 
He further enriched the spiritual lives of 
those around him by serving as President of Congress of the Mount Pleasant Association, Secretary of the Union Baptist and Edu-cational Association, Chairman of the Board for the Adopt-A-Role Model in Macon, Presi-dent of the Sixth District-General Missionary Baptist Convention, President of the Bellevue/ Hillcrest Ministerial Association, and member on the Board of Directors for Parents to Sup-port Public Schools, Board of Directors of the National Baptist Convention USA, Inc., and Board of Trustees at Wesley Glen Ministries. 
A charismatic leader with an infectious spir-
itual zeal, Rev. Raines was known and loved in the Middle Georgia area and throughout the state. He has received numerous awards and commendations for his good works in Macon and in Bibb County. Rev. Raines was truly a man of integrity who exuded the genuine prin-ciples and values of Christian discipleship. 
George Washington Carver once said, ‘‘No 
individual has any right to come into the world and go out of it without leaving behind distinct and legitimate reasons for having passed through it.’’ Through his impact on the spirit, the faith, and the very wellbeing of his com-munity, Rev. Raines certainly fulfilled his high-er calling. We are all so blessed that Rev. Raines passed this way and during his life’s journey did so much for so many for so long. 
Rev. Raines accomplished many things 
throughout his life but none of this would have been possible without the love and support of his beloved wife, Barbara, and children, Shun, Curtis, Jr., Varina, and Bryant. 
Mr. Speaker, my wife Vivian and I, along 
with the more than 700,000 residents of Geor-gia’s Second Congressional District salute Reverend Curtis Raines, Sr. for his out-standing accomplishments in the ministry and for his dedication to his community. I ask my colleagues in the House of Representatives to join us in extending our deepest sympathies to Rev. Raines’s family, friends and loved ones during this difficult time. We pray that they will be consoled and comforted by an abiding faith and the Holy Spirit in the days, weeks and months ahead. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY 
OF NORTHWEST FLORIDA’S BE-LOVED J. EARLE BOWDEN 
HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, February 26, 2015 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
to recognize the life and legacy of one of Pen-sacola’s most influential and beloved citizens, J. Earle Bowden. A native and near life-long resident of the Florida Panhandle, Mr. Bowden was known throughout the community for his decades as a journalist and editor-in-chief of the Pensacola News Journal, as well as for his tireless work preserving the local historical sites and natural treasures. All of Northwest Florida mourns the loss of a true icon. 
J. Earle Bowden was born and raised in the 
small town of Altha, Florida, and after his high school graduation, he studied journalism at 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26FE8.012 E26FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E260 February 26, 2015 
Florida State, where he also wrote for the 
Florida Flambeau. Following his college stud-ies, Mr. Bowden joined the United States Air Force, where he served as a military journalist during the Korean War. After completing his military service, Mr. Bowden moved back to Northwest Florida to raise his family and pur-sue a career in journalism, and in the fall of 1953, propitious circumstances and his con-siderable talent landed Mr. Bowden a position as a writer with the Pensacola News Journal. 
First a sports writer and cartoonist for the 
paper, Mr. Bowden’s journalistic talent, dedica-tion to the Northwest Florida community, and assiduous work ethic saw him rise through the ranks, becoming editor of the News Journal’s editorial page in 1965 and editor-in-chief of the entire paper one year later. It was in his posi-tion heading the paper’s editorial pages that Mr. Bowden began to forge his legacy and ce-ment his impact on the greater Pensacola area. We are blessed to have perhaps the world’s most beautiful beaches located in Northwest Florida, and, in 1965, Mr. Bowden began advocating for the creation of a national park as a way to preserve this natural beauty. 
Thanks in large part to his efforts, Mr. Bow-den’s dream was realized just a few years later when legislation was signed into law on January 8, 1971 to establish the Gulf Islands National Seashore. Today, Gulf Islands Na-tional Seashore is one of the most visited components of the National Park System, and, in recognition of his work, the road linking eastern Pensacola Beach to Navarre Beach is named Earle Bowden Way. 
In addition to his successful work preserving 
the Northwest Florida environment, Mr. Bow-den was also deeply dedicated and involved with the preservation of the many important historical landmarks in Northwest Florida. He helped found several important organizations, including the Seville Square Historic District and the Historic Pensacola Preservation Board. He also served in numerous leadership capacities, including as president of West Flor-ida Historic Preservation Inc., whose head-quarters is named in his honor, president of the Pensacola Historical Society, president of the University of West Florida Foundation, chairman of the City of Pensacola Architec-tural Review Board, president of the Pensa-cola Bay Area Coalition on Literacy, and gen-eral chairman for the Galvez Bicentennial Celebration, amongst many others. 
Mr. Bowden was also deeply committed to 
advancing the field of journalism and writing, as evidenced by his long tenure teaching jour-nalistic writing at the University of West Flor-ida, which awarded him an honorary doctorate in 1985. Mr. Bowden was also a widely pub-lished author of non-fiction, fiction, and illustra-tion books. Among his published writings are the novel ‘‘Look and Tremble,’’ his memoir ‘‘Always the Rivers Flow,’’ a pictorial history ‘‘Pensacola: Florida’s First Place City’’, and the non-fiction book ‘‘Gulf Islands: The Sands of All, Preserving America’s Largest National Seashore.’’ He also contributed writing, edit-ing, and illustration to several books on Pen-sacola history including: ‘‘Florida in the Civil War: 1860 through Reconstruction’’; ‘‘Siege! Spain and Britain: Battle of Pensacola’’; ‘‘Iron Horse in the Pinelands: Building West Flor-ida’s Railroad 1881–1883’’; and ‘‘Guardians on the Gulf and Pensacola: Spaniards to Space Age.’’ 
In recognition of Mr. Bowden’s incalculable 
contributions to Northwest Florida, he has re-ceived dozens of awards from a wide range of 
organizations including: the Florida Trust for Historic Preservation’s Florida Preservationist of the Year; two national awards for editorial writing from the Freedoms Foundation at Val-ley Forge; the Pensacola Kiwanis Club Civic Award; the BIP Awards’ Professional Leader of the Year; Pensacola Junior College’s Distin-guished Citizen of the Year; the Law Day Lib-erty Bell Award; the PACE Pioneer Award; FSU Distinguished Alumnus; and three state-wide awards from Florida Architects for his work in historic preservation. 
Mr. Speaker, throughout his long and distin-
guished life, J. Earle Bowden worked tirelessly on behalf of the Northwest Florida community that he loved. Although he was a man of let-ters, his impact on our community cannot be fully captured in words, and his legacy will for-ever live on in the many historical sites and natural resources that he worked so judi-ciously to protect. On behalf of the United States Congress, I am proud to recognize the life and lasting legacy of J. Earle Bowden. My wife Vicki and I extend our deepest prayers and condolences to his wife Mary Louise Bow-den; sons, Steven Earle Bowden (wife, Pam-ela House) and Randall Clark Bowden; grand-daughter, Jessica Johanna Bowden; brother, Franklin Lamar Bowden; nephews, Franklin Lamar Bowden, Jr. and James Marlon Bow-den; and the entire Bowden family. 
f 
HONORING HARLON BLOCK, ON 
THE 70TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE BATTLE OF IWO JIMA 
HON. FILEMON VELA 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, February 26, 2015 
Mr. VELA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor South Texas native Harlon Block. Sev-enty years ago, he was one of six men who were part of an iconic photo that would lift the spirits of an entire nation—the raising of the American flag on Iwo Jima. 
Born in Yorktown, Texas, in 1924, Corporal 
Block later moved with his family to Weslaco, Texas in the Rio Grande Valley. 
Harlon Block attended Weslaco High 
School, where he led the Weslaco Panther football team to a conference championship and was named All South Texas End. Before the end of his senior year, Corporal Block and seven of his teammates enlisted in the Marine Corps. As a result, the school accelerated their studies and held a special early gradua-tion ceremony in January 1943. 
Harlon Block left for Marine Corps basic 
training in February 1943, and he then at-tended parachute training school. Corporal Block was assigned to the First Marine Para-chute Regiment. After the Parachute Regiment was disbanded, he was transferred to Com-pany E. Second Battalion, 28th Marines, Fifth Marine Division. 
On February 19, 1945, Corporal Block and 
his company took part in the invasion of the heavily defended island of Iwo Jima. One day into the battle, Corporal Block and the 28th Marines began their assault on Mount Suribachi, a 550-foot-high extinct volcano. After a three-day onslaught, the unit reached the top and defeated the last remaining Japa-nese defenders. Corporal Block, along with Sergeant Michael Strank, Corporal Rene ´Ar-
thur Gagnon, Corporal Ira Hayes, Private First Class Franklin Runyon Sousley, and Phar-macist’s Mate Second Class John ‘‘Doc’’ Brad-ley, defiantly raised the U.S. flag atop the mountain. Corporal Block guided the base of the pole into the volcanic ash while the others raised the flag upward. This is the scene that was captured in the famous photo at the Bat-tle of Iwo Jima. 
Corporal Harlon Henry Block was killed in 
action on March 1, 1945 and never saw the famous photo. 
His remains were interred beside the Iwo 
Jima Memorial at the Marine Military Academy in Harlingen, Texas, which is a replica of the U.S. Marine Corps War Memorial in Arlington, Virginia. On several occasions I have had the opportunity to visit the memorial located in my Congressional District, and each time I am moved by the courage and dedication of those who fought to win World War II. This memorial is a special place for the Rio Grande Valley, and serves as a reminder that our armed forces and our nation can overcome the great-est of odds. Today, we remember the bravery and valor of Corporal Block and all those who fought at the Battle of Iwo Jima. 
f 
KHOJALY TRAGEDY 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, February 26, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
again ask my colleagues to join me in remem-bering the devastating atrocities that took place in Azerbaijani town of Khojaly on Feb-ruary 26, 1992. Thanks to Armenian and Com-monwealth of Independent States (CIS) forces over the course of 22 hours, 613 civilian lives were lost. Innocent children, women and el-derly men were brutally murdered. 
Since this tragedy took place in the early 
1990s, Azerbaijan has worked to heal and be-come a successful country, with a booming economy. As a result, the economy of Azer-baijan is the fastest growing among the CIS states. In the turbulent geopolitical region, Azerbaijan is a reliable partner of the United States. Moreover, Azerbaijan is a close ally and trade partner with another strong Amer-ican ally—Israel—in the region. 
Mr. Speaker, we must stand close by our al-
lies. That is why I urge my colleagues to rec-ognize the human tragedy that occurred in Azerbaijan 23 years ago. Please, join me and all of our our Azerbaijani friends in commemo-rating the lives lost during the Khojaly mas-sacre. 
f 
DEFENDING OUR GREAT LAKES 
ACT OF 2015 
HON. CANDICE S. MILLER 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, February 26, 2015 
Mrs. MILLER of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I 
am proud to come from the State of Michigan, the Great Lakes State. In Michigan, our very identity is defined by the Great Lakes. For so many of us from Michigan, our lives revolve 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26FE8.016 E26FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E261 February 26, 2015 
around the Lakes. Whether it is tourism, agri-
culture, shipping, fishing, or recreational boat-ing, the Lakes are vital to our very livelihood. 
The Great Lakes face many challenges 
these days, but there is nothing more threat-ening to the health of the Lakes than the infil-tration of Asian carp—an invasive species that are about 40 miles from our doorstep. 
For this reason, today I introduced the De-
fending Our Great Lakes Act of 2015. This is a bill that will prevent the spread of Asian carp once and for all. 
This bill does three things: First, it author-
izes the Army Corps of Engineers to take im-mediate action to update the infrastructure and install necessary technologies and measures at the Brandon Road Lock and Dam site. Sec-ond, it requires the Army Corps to develop a long-term plan, in consultation with federal agencies as well as the Great Lake states and impacted business and environmental commu-nities. Finally, this bill reaffirms the need to continue to examine the ongoing needs across the entire Great Lakes region for measures that protect our waterways from invasive spe-cies. 
The Defending Our Great Lakes Act, by de-
sign, provides a broad authorization for the Army Corps, and it authorizes the use of the best technologies, including, but not limited to, electric barriers. The importance of this broad 
authorization is that it will allow them to use new, yet-to-be-developed technologies going forward. 
It is important to note that this bill also in-
structs the Army Corps to consider the protec-tion of the area’s ecosystem to the greatest extent feasible so that no native populations are inadvertently harmed as we attempt to re-move the threat of invasive species. Addition-ally, this bill also instructs the Army Corps to ensure the efficient flow of navigation so that there is no unnecessary impediment to com-merce. Including these provisions further dem-onstrates the dynamic nature of the Great Lakes and how we must work with all inter-ested stakeholders to accomplish the goal of preventing Asian carp from entering the Great Lakes basin. 
This bill was introduced with a broad bipar-
tisan cross section of members from across the Great Lakes basin and in partnership with Senator D
EBBIE STABENOW who will introduce 
companion legislation in the Senate. 
In the many years I have been so honored 
to serve in Congress, the protection of our magnificent Great Lakes has been one of my primary advocacies. 
I remember well battling the scourge of 
invasive species like zebra mussels, the sea lamprey, Eurasian Milfoil and phragmites. 
All of these invasive species have taken an 
ecological and economic toll on our Great Lakes, and we have spent billions over the past two decades trying to mitigate their dam-age. 
With Asian carp, however, we cannot afford 
to respond to the untold damage they are cer-tain to have on our Lakes. 
They represent the most grave threat we 
have faced, and they must be dealt with using preventative, proactive measures. 
The Asian carp threaten our $17 billion tour-
ism industry and our $7 billion fishing and recreation industry. 
They threaten our very way of life, and po-
tentially billions of dollars every year to our re-gional economy. We simply cannot turn our backs on this threat. I encourage all of my colleagues to support 
the Defending Our Great Lakes Act and help ensure the long-term health and beauty of our precious Great Lakes. The Lakes are vital to our identity and livelihood. 
f 
BARBARA JORDAN—PATRIOT OF 
THE GREAT STATE OF TEXAS 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, February 26, 2015 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Texas lost 
quite the political patriot. A dear friend and te-nacious community warrior, Barbara Jordan of Kingwood, Texas will be greatly missed. It gives me honor to recognize a lifelong volun-teer, advocate and inspiration to the Kingwood community. The City of Houston and, indeed, the entire State of Texas, lost a dedicated leader and friend on February 22, 2015. 
Barbara was born November 28, 1939 in 
Eagle Lake, Texas. For almost her entire life, she has given back to the community she holds so dear. Her friends have described her as ‘‘the best volunteer in the world; always ready to do whatever it takes to get the job done.’’ 
As her friend Pauline Adams put it, ‘‘Bar-
bara was a force to be reckoned with. She was funny, irreverent and loved by everyone who knew her because she always had a smile on her face and a kind word for all. However, underneath the graciousness was a true Southern ‘Steel Magnolia’. She will be sorely missed by all who knew her.’’ 
Barbara was a political activist. She was a 
pioneer for the GOP in Houston and Texas back when there were not that many Repub-licans in Texas. She served on numerous boards and organizations throughout the years. She was past President and founding member of the Kingwood Area Republican Women’s Club. 
Barbara Jordan had an infectious spirit. She 
came to me along with Patti Johnson and Peggy Englehadt and suggested that I leave the D.A.’s office and apply for the vacancy in the criminal district court in Harris County. 
With these women’s help, I obtained ap-
pointment by then Governor Clements and then they helped me get elected as one of the only Republican criminal district judges in Har-ris County in 1982. I have Barbara to thank for the 22 years I spent on the bench. But Bar-bara wasn’t through. 
Barbara and other Republican women can 
be credited with getting me elected to Con-gress in 2004. She served as President of the Greater Houston Council of Federated Repub-lican Women from 1996–1997, and she is re-sponsible for designing a pin for the Greater Houston Council officers and club presidents. The tradition of presenting a pin to officers and club presidents continues to this day. She has also been a member and an officer with one of the most powerful women’s political or-ganizations in Texas, the Texas Federation of Republican Women. Most GOP elected offi-cials credit their elections to the Texas Repub-lican Women like Barbara. 
In 1999, Barbara was named Chairman of 
the Texas Federation of Republican Women State Convention. Barbara was ever working for God, home and country. She had a pas-sion to keep America strong and Texas RED. 
Many Republicans owe her thanks. Her drive helped get other Republicans elected in Harris County. 
My thoughts are with the love of Barbara’s 
life, Ken Jordan—her husband of 54 years. The passing of Barbara has left four sons in mourning of their mother—John, Mark, Scott, and Todd. She also leaves behind four daugh-ter-in-laws and seven cherished grandchildren. Her memory will live on, in the many lives she touched along the way. Last summer, I visited with Barbara and Ken at their home in Kings Forest. 
Barbara was always gracious and wel-
coming; she simply was the best hostess. She was a loyal friend to me, and although I am saddened by her loss, I feel very fortunate for the time and friendship that we shared. She will be remembered by many as a devoted community leader, a mentor, genuine friend and a great patriot. 
My Grandmother used to say there was 
nothing more powerful than a woman—that has made up her mind. Barbara was one such unique woman. 
Barbara was truly a remarkable Texan who 
achieved extraordinary things in her lifetime and for her community, state and political party. And for that, Texas and our people are better because of Barbara Jordan. 
That’s just the way it is. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MR. ROLAND J. 
‘‘ROCKY’’ GANNON 
HON. JAMES E. CLYBURN 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, February 26, 2015 
Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor and recognize Roland ‘‘Rocky’’ J. Gan-non, a resident of Florence, South Carolina and join with his friends throughout the Pee Dee area of South Carolina in celebration of his 90th birthday. 
Mr. Gannon is a decorated veteran, having 
served thirty-seven years in the Air Force be-fore retiring in 1980. His service began in 1943 while he was a high school junior when he entered an Air Force pilot training program, from which he graduated one month after D- Day. During his decades of service, he flew more than 6,000 hours in thirty-four different types of aircraft. Fourteen of those years were served overseas and included 387 combat missions in Vietnam. After the end of World War II, ‘‘Rocky’’ spent three years in Iwo Jima, Japan. His service in these theaters, as well as in the Korean War and Belgian Congo, earned him fifty military awards, including the Distinguished Flying Cross, the Bronze Star, the Vietnamese Cross of Gallantry, and ten Air Medals. 
After his retirement from the Air Force in 
1980, Mr. Gannon took his expertise to the private sector as an independent aviation con-sultant and was subsequently named Execu-tive Director of the Florence Regional Airport. In 2001, commemoration of his accomplish-ments in both civilian and combat aviation, he was named South Carolina Aviator of the Year and was inducted into the South Carolina Aviation Association Hall of Fame. 
‘‘Rocky’s’’ passion for aviation is matched 
only by his dedication to the Boy Scouts of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26FE8.019 E26FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E262 February 26, 2015 
America. He joined the scouts when he was 
twelve years old and rose to the rank of Eagle Scout before joining the Air Force. He credits the training he received as a Boy Scout to much of his success in military and civilian life. He has given back to the scouts throughout his career and in 2009 received the Distin-guished Eagle Award, the Boy Scouts of America’s highest honor. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my col-
leagues join me in congratulating Mr. Gannon on this milestone and thanking him for his out-standing contributions to Florence, the Pee Dee area, to South Carolina, and to our great country. I wish him Godspeed and a happy and healthy 90th birthday celebration in the company of his friends and family. 
f 
STUDENT SUCCESS ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. GENE GREEN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, February 25, 2015 
The House in Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 5) to support State and local accountability for public education, protect State and local authority, inform parents of the performance of their children’s schools, and for other purposes: 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Chairman, 
I rise today to express my opposition to H.R. 5, the Student Success Act. This bill under-mines the fundamental purpose of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act 
(ESEA), which was created to ensure that dis-advantaged children are provided a high-qual-ity education that allows them to compete on a level playing field with their more-advan-taged peers. 
Among its many problematic provisions, this 
bill cuts crucial education funding, fails to hold states and districts accountable for supporting and improving the achievement of all students, eliminates and weakens protections for dis-advantaged students, and lacks critical sup-port systems for our nation’s educators. 
I believe No Child Left Behind (NCLB) is 
flawed and must be reformed, and reauthor-ization presents a tremendous opportunity to make much-needed improvements and bring our education system into the 21st century. However, instead of fixing the problems of NCLB, the Student Success Act does not re-flect best practices and fails to strike the ap-propriate balance between flexibility and ac-countability. 
Reauthorization should support college and 
career-ready standards, address the overuse of testing in teacher and school evaluations that currently forces educators to substitute test preparation for instruction, and feature an accountability system that includes meaningful targets for improving student attainment that gives schools and districts flexibility in how they achieve those goals. 
I urge my colleagues to vote against H.R. 5 
and instead support reauthorization that re-stores our nation’s commitment to providing equal opportunity for all students regardless of their background and protect our country’s stu-dents including the most vulnerable, which 
was the intention of this landmark civil rights law. 
f 
KINGWOOD PARK HIGH SCHOOL 
SWIM TEAM 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, February 26, 2015 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, this past 
Saturday, the boys from Kingwood Park High School in Houston, Texas won another state swim title. This marks the fourth state cham-pionship for the high school. According to the team’s head coach, Greg McLain, this wasn’t even supposed to happen. But, he said that they believed in each other and worked hard, noting that they didn’t do it with superstars, but ‘‘as a team.’’ 
The Kingwood Park Panthers swim team 
pays homage to the old saying: ‘‘when it comes to talent versus hard work, hard work will always win.’’ 
Congrats to Kingwood Park’s State Cham-
pionship team: David Amoruso, Spencer Balog, Brenden Bennett, Austin Bradshaw, Eric Broussard, Matt Crowe, Trae Floyd, Christian Frey, David Johnson, John Johnson, Hunter Lang, Ryan Logan, Sam Poulin, Tate Stevens. 
Go Panthers! And that’s just the way it is. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26FE8.021 E26FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D183 Thursday, February 26, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S1127–S1185. 
Measures Introduced: Thirty-one bills and five res-
olutions were introduced, as follows: S. 576–606, S. Res. 88–91, and S. Con. Res. 6.
                Pages S1161–62 
Measures Passed: 
Black History Month: Senate agreed to S. Res. 
88, celebrating Black History Month.     Pages S1134–35 
Congressional Gold Medal: Senate passed S. 527, 
to award a Congressional Gold Medal to the Foot Soldiers who participated in Bloody Sunday, Turn-around Tuesday, or in the final Selma to Mont-gomery Voting Rights March in March of 1965, which served as a catalyst for the Voting Rights Act of 1965.
                                                                  Pages S1137–38 
Welcoming the Prime Minister of Israel to the 
United States: Committee on Foreign Relations was 
discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 76, welcoming the Prime Minister of Israel to the United States for his address to a joint meeting of Congress, and the resolution was then agreed to, after agreeing to the following amendments proposed thereto:
                                                                    Pages S1150–51 
Cornyn Amendment No. 262, to make a technical 
correction.                                                                       Page S1150 
Cornyn Amendment No. 263, to amend the title. 
                                                                                            Page S1151 
Oregon Shakespeare Festival: Senate agreed to S. 
Res. 89, congratulating the Oregon Shakespeare Fes-tival on its 80th year.
                                              Page S1184 
American Heart Month and National Wear Red 
Day: Senate agreed to S. Res. 90, designating Feb-
ruary 2015 as ‘‘American Heart Month’’ and Feb-ruary 6, 2015, as ‘‘National Wear Red Day’’. 
                                                                                            Page S1184 
Read Across America Day: Senate agreed to S. 
Res. 91, designating March 2, 2015, as ‘‘Read 
Across America Day’’.                                              Page S1184 
Measures Considered: 
Department of Homeland Security Appropria-
tions Act—Cloture: Senate began consideration of H.R. 240, making appropriations for the Depart-
ment of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015, after agreeing to the motion to proceed, and taking action on the following amend-ments and motions proposed thereto: 
      Pages S1128–29, S1129–34, S1135–37, S1138–50, S1151–52 
Pending: 
McConnell (for Cochran) Amendment No. 255, of 
a perfecting nature.                                                    Page S1151 
McConnell Amendment No. 256 (to Amendment 
No. 255), to change the enactment date.      Page S1151 
McConnell Amendment No. 257 (to the language 
proposed to be stricken by Amendment No. 255), to change the enactment date.
                                  Page S1151 
McConnell Amendment No. 258 (to Amendment 
No. 257), of a perfecting nature.                        Page S1151 
McConnell motion to commit the bill to the 
Committee on Appropriations, with instructions, McConnell Amendment No. 259, to change the en-actment date.
                                                               Page S1151 
McConnell Amendment No. 260 (to (the instruc-
tions) Amendment No. 259), of a perfecting nature. 
                                                                                            Page S1151 
McConnell Amendment No. 261 (to Amendment 
No. 260), of a perfecting nature.                        Page S1151 
A motion was entered to close further debate on 
the bill, and, in accordance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, and pursuant to the unanimous-consent agreement of Thursday, February 26, 2015, a vote on cloture will 
occur at 10 a.m., on Friday, February 27, 2015. 
                                                                                      Page S1151–52 
A unanimous-consent-time agreement was reached 
providing that notwithstanding rule XXII, at 10 a.m., on Friday, February 27, 2015, Senate vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the bill; that if clo-ture is invoked, all post-cloture time be yielded back, with the exception of 10 minutes for Senator Lee, or his designee, and that following the use or yielding back of that time, the pending amendments with the exception of McConnell (for Cochran) Amendment No. 255 (listed above) be withdrawn, and Senate vote on or in relation to McConnell (for Cochran) Amendment No. 255; and Senate vote on passage of the bill as amended, if amended; and that there be two minutes of debate equally divided prior 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:29 Jan 28, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 J:\CRONLINE\2015-BATCH-FEB\2015 NEW REC FILES \D26FE5.REC D26FE5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D184 February 26, 2015 
to a vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the 
motion to proceed to consideration of S. 534, to pro-hibit funds from being used to carry out certain Ex-ecutive actions related to immigration.
          Page S1152 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding for further consideration of the bill at ap-proximately 9:30 a.m., on Friday, February 27, 2015.
                                                                                Page S1184 
Immigration Rule of Law Act—Cloture : Senate 
began consideration of the motion to proceed to con-sideration of S. 534, to prohibit funds from being used to carry out certain Executive actions related to immigration.
                                                                Page S1152 
A motion was entered to close further debate on 
the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill, and, in accordance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, and pursuant to the unanimous-consent agreement of Thursday, Feb-ruary 26, 2015, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of H.R. 240, making appropriations for the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2015.
                     Page S1152 
Appointments: 
National Historical Publications and Records 
Commission: The Chair, on behalf of the President 
of the Senate, pursuant to Public Law 81–754, as amended by Public Law 93–536 and further amend-ed by Public Law 100–365, appointed the following Senator to the National Historical Publications and Records Commission: Senator Sullivan.
         Page S1184 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-
lowing nominations: 
Suzette M. Kimball, of West Virginia, to be Di-
rector of the United States Geological Survey. 
Andrew LaMont Eanes, of Kansas, to be Deputy 
Commissioner of Social Security for the term expir-ing January 19, 2019. 
Mileydi Guilarte, of the District of Columbia, to 
be United States Alternate Executive Director of the Inter-American Development Bank. 
Marcia Denise Occomy, of the District of Colum-
bia, to be United States Director of the African De-velopment Bank for a term of five years. 
Mary Barzee Flores, of Florida, to be United States 
District Judge for the Southern District of Florida. 
Julien Xavier Neals, of New Jersey, to be United 
States District Judge for the District of New Jersey. 
Routine lists in the Foreign Service. 
                                                                                    Pages S1184–85 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S1157 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S1157 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S1157–60 
Executive Reports of Committees:       Pages S1160–61 Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S1162–63 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S1163–72 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S1155–57 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S1172–84 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S1184 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 11 a.m. and ad-
journed at 7:19 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Friday, February 27, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S1184.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
APPROPRIATIONS: DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Com-
merce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies con-cluded a hearing to examine proposed budget esti-mates and justification for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Commerce, after receiving testimony from Penny Pritzker, Secretary of Commerce. 
WORLDWIDE THREATS 
Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded 
open and closed hearings to examine worldwide threats, after receiving testimony from Lieutenant General Vincent R. Stewart, Director, Defense Intel-ligence Agency, Department of Defense; and James R. Clapper, Director of National Intelligence. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: 
Committee ordered favorably reported the following business items: 
H.R. 23, to reauthorize the National Windstorm 
Impact Reduction Program, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; 
H.R. 34, to authorize and strengthen the tsunami 
detection, forecast, warning, research, and mitigation program of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; 
H.R. 719, to require the Transportation Security 
Administration to conform to existing Federal law and regulations regarding criminal investigator posi-tions, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute; 
H.R. 720, to improve intergovernmental planning 
for and communication during security incidents at domestic airports, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:47 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26FE5.REC D26FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D185 February 26, 2015 
S. 142, to require the Consumer Product Safety 
Commission to promulgate a rule to require child safety packaging for liquid nicotine containers, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; 
S. 143, to allow for improvements to the United 
States Merchant Marine Academy; 
S. 253, to amend the Communications Act of 
1934 to consolidate the reporting obligations of the Federal Communications Commission in order to improve congressional oversight and reduce reporting burdens, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute; 
S. 304, to improve motor vehicle safety by en-
couraging the sharing of certain information, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; 
S. 373, to provide for the establishment of nation-
ally uniform and environmentally sound standards governing discharges incidental to the normal oper-ation of a vessel, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; and 
The nominations of Tho Dinh-Zarr, of Texas, to 
be a Member, and Christopher A. Hart, of Colorado, to be Chairman, both of the National Transportation Safety Board, Carlos A. Monje, Jr., of Louisiana, to be Assistant Secretary of Transportation for Trans-portation Policy, Manson K. Brown, of the District of Columbia, to be Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Environmental Observation and Prediction, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, William P. Doyle, of Pennsylvania, to be a Federal Maritime Commissioner, and nomination for pro-motions in the United States Coast Guard. 
FOREST SERVICE BUDGET 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee 
concluded a hearing to examine the President’s pro-posed budget request for fiscal year 2016 for the Forest Service, after receiving testimony from Tom Tidwell, Chief, and Tony Dixon, Director, Business Operations, Strategic Planning, Budget and Ac-countability, both of the Forest Service, Department of Agriculture. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee ordered fa-
vorably reported an original bill entitled, ‘‘End Mod-ern Slavery and Trafficking Initiative Act of 2015’’. 
MEDICAL AND PUBLIC HEALTH 
PREPAREDNESS AND RESPONSE 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: 
Committee concluded a hearing to examine medical and public health preparedness and response, focus-ing on future threats, after receiving testimony from Nicole Lurie , Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response, Robin A. Robinson, Deputy Assistant 
Secretary and BARDA Director, Office of the Assist-ant Secretary for Preparedness and Response, Stephen C. Redd, Director, Office of Public Health Prepared-ness and Response, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, and Luciana Borio, Assistant Commis-sioner for Counterterrorism Policy, Director, Office of Counterterrorism and Emerging Threats, Deputy Chief Scientist (Acting), Food and Drug Administra-tion, all of the Department of Health and Human Services. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on the Judiciary: Committee ordered favor-
ably reported the following business items: 
S. 178, to provide justice for the victims of traf-
ficking, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute; 
S. 166, to stop exploitation through trafficking, 
with an amendment; and 
The nominations of Loretta E. Lynch, of New 
York, to be Attorney General, Michelle K. Lee, of California, to be Under Secretary of Commerce for Intellectual Property and Director of the United States Patent and Trademark Office, Alfred H. Ben-nett, George C. Hanks, Jr., and Jose Rolando Olvera, Jr., each to be a United States District Judge for the Southern District of Texas, Jill N. Parrish, to be United States District Judge for the District of Utah, and Nancy B. Firestone, of Virginia, Thom-as L. Halkowski, of Pennsylvania, Patricia M. McCarthy, of Maryland, Jeri Kaylene Somers, of Vir-ginia, and Armando Omar Bonilla, of the District of Columbia, each to be a Judge of the United States Court of Federal Claims. 
VETERANS’ PROGRAMS BUDGET 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2016 for Veterans’ programs and fiscal year 2017 advance appropriations request, after receiving testimony from Robert A. McDonald, Secretary of Veterans Affairs; and Carl Blake, Para-lyzed Veterans of America, Joy Ilem, DAV, Ray-mond C. Kelley, Veterans of Foreign Wars of the United States, Ian de Planque, The American Le-gion, and Richard Weidman, Vietnam Veterans of America, all of Washington, DC. 
INTELLIGENCE 
Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee held closed 
hearings on intelligence matters, receiving testimony from officials of the intelligence community. 
Committee recessed subject to the call. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:47 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26FE5.REC D26FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D186 February 26, 2015 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 53 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 1093–1145; 1 private bill, H.R. 1146; and 5 resolutions, H.J. Res. 35–37; H. Con. Res. 19; and H. Res. 128, were introduced. 
                                                                                    Pages H1368–70 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H1372–73 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: 
H.R. 749, to reauthorize Federal support for pas-
senger rail programs, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–30); and 
H. Res. 129, providing for consideration of the 
joint resolution (H.J. Res. 35) making further con-tinuing appropriations for fiscal year 2015, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–31).
                  Page H1367 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Newhouse to act as Speak-er pro tempore for today.
                                      Page H1167 
Recess: The House recessed at 11:06 a.m. and re-
convened at 12 noon.                                               Page H1174 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the 
Guest Chaplain, Reverend Bruce Miroglio, St. Hel-ena Catholic Church, St. Helena, California. 
                                                                                            Page H1174 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval 
of the Journal by a recorded vote of 246 ayes to 168 noes with one answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 94. 
                                                                Pages H1174–75, H1192–93 
Providing for a recess of the House for a joint meeting to receive His Excellency Binyamin Netanyahu, Prime Minister of Israel: Agreed by 
unanimous consent that it may be in order at any time on Tuesday, March 3, 2015 for the Speaker to declare a recess, subject to the call of the Chair, for the purpose of receiving in joint meeting His Excel-lency Binyamin Netanyahu, Prime Minister of Israel. 
                                                                                            Page H1193 
Recess: The House recessed at 5:03 p.m. and recon-
vened at 6:47 p.m. 
Student Success Act: The House continued consid-
eration of H.R. 5, to support State and local ac-countability for public education, protect State and local authority, inform parents of the performance of their children’s schools. Consideration is expected to resume tomorrow, February 27th. 
                                        Pages H1193–1266, H1266–85, H1285–99 
Pursuant to H. Res. 125, in lieu of the amend-
ment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Education and the Workforce now printed in the bill, an amendment in the nature 
of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Com-mittee Print 114–8, modified by the amendment printed in part A of H. Rept. 114–29, shall be con-sidered as adopted.
                                     Pages H1193–H1252 
Agreed to: 
Lawrence amendment (No. 4 printed in part B of 
H. Rept. 114–29) that requires that the Secretary of Education disapprove of any State plan that fails to, in consultation with State and local education agen-cies to demonstrate that there is a separate reporting of academic assessments for foster youth;
      Page H1257 
Goodlatte amendment (No. 5 printed in part B of 
H. Rept. 114–29) that would provide flexibility to localities by providing States with the authority to allow local educational agencies to administer their own, locally designed academic assessment system, in place of the State-designed academic system; 
                                                                                    Pages H1257–59 
Langevin amendment (No. 7 printed in part B of 
H. Rept. 114–29) that requires states applying for funds under title I to show how they would use the funds to provide apprenticeships that offer academic credit, and how they would use the funds to provide comprehensive career counseling to the students; 
                                                                                    Pages H1259–60 
Barletta amendment (No. 8 printed in part B of 
H. Rept. 114–29) that states that if school districts use Title I money for after school, before school, or summer school activities, it would require them to describe those activities in their local plans; 
                                                                                    Pages H1260–61 
Quigley amendment (No. 9 printed in part B of 
H. Rept. 114–29) that restores the paraprofessional qualifications that are in place under current law, which helped stop school districts from hiring para-professionals with little experience in education and no professional training (by a recorded vote of 218 ayes to 201 noes, Roll No. 98); 
                                                                Pages H1261–62, H1268–69 
DeSaulnier amendment (No. 11 printed in part B 
of H. Rept. 114–29) that requires LEAs to develop agreements with Head Start and other agencies to carry out early childhood education activities; 
                                                                                            Page H1263 
Rodney Davis (IL) amendment (No. 12 printed in 
part B of H. Rept. 114–29) that gives certainty to local and state entities that current collective bar-gaining agreements must remain in place; 
                                                                                    Pages H1263–64 
McKinley amendment (No. 14 printed in part B 
of H. Rept. 114–29) that establishes a state-led defi-nition of ‘‘workforce critical subjects’’, and requires 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:47 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26FE5.REC D26FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D187 February 26, 2015 
states to provide an explanation of the subjects they 
identify as ‘‘workforce critical’’;                  Pages H1265–66 
Delaney amendment (No. 15 printed in part B of 
H. Rept. 114–29) that makes Pay For Success initia-tives an allowable use of funds for States and Local Educational Agencies to improve outcomes and save money by training and supporting teachers; 
                                                                                    Pages H1270–71 
Jeffries amendment (No. 16 printed in part B of 
H. Rept. 114–29) that ensures that teachers, parents and other educational professionals receive education on the harms of copyright piracy in order to further educate students to that end;
                      Pages H1271–72 
Clark (MA) amendment (No. 17 printed in part 
B of H. Rept. 114–29) that clarifies that early child-hood education-focused professional development is an acceptable use of funds;
                           Pages H1272–73 
Cohen amendment (No. 18 printed in part B of 
H. Rept. 114–29) that allows for Title II funds to be used for restorative justice and conflict resolution training;
                                                                 Pages H1273–74 
Wilson (FL) amendment (No. 19 printed in part 
B of H. Rept. 114–29) that requires school districts to be transparent in providing information to parents at the beginning of the school year on mandated as-sessments the student will have to take during the school year and any school district policy on assess-ment participation;
                                                   Page H1274 
Polis amendment (No. 20 printed in part B of H. 
Rept. 114–29) that expresses the sense of Congress that charter schools are a critical part of our edu-cation system in this Nation and that Congress must support opening more quality charter schools to help students succeed in their future;
                Pages H1274–75 
Polis amendment (No. 21 printed in part B of H. 
Rept. 114–29) that encourages collaboration and sharing of best practices between charter schools and local education agencies;
                                Pages H1275–76 
Kelly amendment (No. 22 printed in part B of H. 
Rept. 114–29) that requires Statewide Family En-gagement Centers to conduct training programs in the community to improve adult literacy, including financial literacy;
                                                        Page H1276 
Bonamici amendment (No. 23 printed in part B 
of H. Rept. 114–29) that allows State educational agencies and eligible entities to use Local Academic Flexible Grant funds to audit and streamline assess-ment systems, eliminates unnecessary assessments, and improves the use of assessments;
      Pages H1276–78 
Polis amendment (No. 24 printed in part B of H. 
Rept. 114–29) that allows grants to be used for the creation and distribution of open access textbooks and open educational resources;
                 Pages H1278–79 
Jackson Lee amendment (No. 25 printed in part 
B of H. Rept. 114–29) that supports accountability- based programs and activities that are designed to enhance school safety, which may include research- 
based bullying prevention, cyberbullying prevention, disruption of recruitment activity by groups or indi-viduals involved in violent extremism, and gang pre-vention programs as well as intervention programs regarding bullying;
                                           Pages H1279–80 
Nolan amendment (No. 28 printed in part B of 
H. Rept. 114–29) that amends the current stated policy of the United States with respect to the edu-cation of Indian children to ensure that Indian chil-dren do not attend school in buildings that are di-lapidated or deteriorating, as part of the unique and continuing trust relationship with, and responsibility to, the Indian people;
                                      Pages H1281–83 
Davis (CA) amendment (No. 29 printed in part B 
of H. Rept. 114–29) that clarifies the definition of ‘‘school leader’’ such that it explicitly refers to a school principal as opposed to an off-site adminis-trator;
                                                                               Page H1283 
Castro amendment (No. 34 printed in part B of 
H. Rept. 114–29) that improves college and career readiness for homeless youth by requiring the State to include in the State Plan a description of how such youth would receive assistance from counselors to advise, prepare, and improve college readiness; 
                                                                                    Pages H1289–90 
Collins (GA) amendment (No. 36 printed in part 
B of H. Rept. 114–29) that improves accountability and ensures proper oversight of taxpayer funds au-thorized by this legislation;
                                 Page H1291 
Dold amendment (No. 37 printed in part B of H. 
Rept. 114–29) that ensures that federal education dollars go toward their intended use for student ben-efit in the classroom by clarifying that funds re-ceived under the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act shall not be diverted by the states to fill prior unfunded liability shortfalls in teacher pension programs; when a state receives funds under ESEA and distributes those funds to LEAs, this amendment prohibits the state from requiring LEAs to make a contribution to a pension program that is in excess of the ‘‘normal cost’’ of that teacher’s participation in the pension program; and
                       Pages H1291–92 
Flores amendment (No. 38 printed in part B of 
H. Rept. 114–29) that reaffirms students’, teachers’ and school administrators’ right to exercise religion; in addition, it is the sense of Congress that schools examine their policies to ensure students and teach-ers are fully able to participate in activities on school grounds related to their religious freedom. 
                                                                                    Pages H1292–93 
Rejected: Kennedy amendment (No. 1 printed in part B of 
H. Rept. 114–29) that authorizes the STEM Gate-ways grant program as an allowable use of flexible funding received by state educational agencies; states 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:47 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26FE5.REC D26FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D188 February 26, 2015 
could award grants to LEAs and qualified partner or-
ganizations to support the success of women, minori-ties, and low-income students in rigorous STEM aca-demics (by a recorded vote of 204 ayes to 217 noes, Roll No. 95);
                                   Pages H1253–55, H1266–67 
Grothman amendment (No. 2 printed in part B 
of H. Rept. 114–29) that shortens authorization from 2021 to 2018 (by a recorded vote of 114 ayes to 311 noes, Roll No. 96);
             Pages H1255–56, H1267 
Castro amendment (No. 6 printed in part B of H. 
Rept. 114–29) that appoints a neutral Ombudsman within the Department of Education to ensure K–12 textbooks are held to high academic standards (by a recorded vote of 182 ayes to 243 noes, Roll No. 97); 
                                                                            Pages H1259, H1268 
Moore amendment (No. 13 printed in part B of 
H. Rept. 114–29) that delays implementation of new Title II formula until the Secretary of Education determines that the implementation will not reduce funding for schools serving high percentages of stu-dents in poverty (by a recorded vote of 185 ayes to 239 noes, Roll No. 99); and
    Pages H1264–65, H1269–70 
Wilson (FL) amendment (No. 26 printed in part 
B of H. Rept. 114–29) that provides for Intensive Care Reading Labs and for specialization of school staffing for the purposes of basic skills in language arts, mathematics, and science in grades 1–3 as al-lowable uses in block grant funding.
      Pages H1280–81 
Withdrawn: 
Meeks amendment (No. 3 printed in part B of H. 
Rept. 114–29) that would require that the annual, statewide assessments measure student growth and require that student growth be a component of achievement within the accountability system estab-lished by a given state;
                                   Pages H1256–57 
Fudge amendment (No. 10 printed in part B of 
H. Rept. 114–29) that ensures continued state in-vestment in educating students by requiring states to demonstrate that the level of state and local fund-ing remains constant from year to year; and 
                                                                                    Pages H1262–63 
Courtney amendment (No. 27 printed in part B 
of H. Rept. 114–29) that amends 20 U.S.C. 7703 to increase weight of non-connected children resid-ing in public-private venture (PPV) housing located on military property for the purposes of Impact Aid basic support payment calculations.
                 Page H1281 
Proceedings Postponed: 
Zeldin amendment (No. 30 printed in part B of 
H. Rept. 114–29) that seeks to allow a State to withdraw from the Common Core Standards or any other specific standards;
                                 Pages H1283–85 
Hurd amendment (No. 31 printed in part B of H. 
Rept. 114–29) that seeks to express the sense of Congress that students’ personally identifiable infor-mation is important to protect as applied to current 
law and this act;
                                                        Page H1285 
Grayson amendment (No. 32 printed in part B of 
H. Rept. 114–29) that seeks to require the Secretary of Education to conduct an assessment of the impact of school start times on student health, well-being, and performance;
                                                        Page H1286 
Wilson (FL) amendment (No. 33 printed in part 
B of H. Rept. 114–29) that seeks to provide for school dropout prevention and re-entry and provides grants to raise academic achievement levels for all students;
                                                                 Pages H1286–89 
Carson (IN) amendment (No. 35 printed in part 
B of H. Rept. 114–29) that seeks to advance assess-ments of student achievement and instructional prac-tices, effective teacher preparation and continuing professional development, education administration, and international comparisons; the amendment sup-ports development of a national research strategy to ensure that students, particularly at risk students, have effective teachers and are being prepared for the future;
                                                                      Pages H1290–91 
Brownley (CA) amendment (No. 39 printed in 
part B of H. Rept. 114–29) that seeks to create a grant program for states to create or expand biliteracy seal programs to recognize student pro-ficiency in speaking, reading, and writing in both English and a second language for graduating high school seniors;
                                                      Pages H1293–95 
Loebsack amendment (No. 40 printed in part B of 
H. Rept. 114–29) that seeks to support the expan-sion of the use of digital learning through competi-tive grants to partnerships to implement and evalu-ate the results of technology-based learning practices, strategies, tools, or programs at rural schools; and 
                                                                                    Pages H1295–97 
Polis amendment (No. 41 printed in part B of H. 
Rept. 114–29) that seeks to authorize—but does not appropriate funds—for the Secretary of Education to provide grants for: early-childhood education scholar-ships, professional development and licensing creden-tials, or increased compensation for educators who have attained specific qualifications.
        Pages H1297–99 
H. Res. 125, the rule providing for further con-
sideration of the bill (H.R. 5), was agreed to by re-corded vote of 234 ayes to 184 noes, Roll No. 93, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and- nay vote of 234 yeas to 177 nays, Roll No. 93. 
                                                                                    Pages H1180–92 
A point of order was raised against the consider-
ation of H. Res. 125 and it was agreed to proceed with consideration of the resolution by a yea-and-nay vote of 224 yeas to 167 nays, Roll No. 91. 
                                                                                    Pages H1180–82 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:47 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26FE5.REC D26FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D189 February 26, 2015 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastruc-
ture—Communication: Read a letter from Chair-
man Shuster wherein he transmitted copies of resolu-tions to authorize 12 lease prospectuses, including three alteration projects and nine leases, included in the General Services Administration’s FY2015 Cap-ital Investment and Leasing Programs. The resolu-tions were adopted by the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure on February 12, 2015. 
                                                                             Pages H1299–H1362 
Senate Message: Messages received from the Senate 
by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appear on pages H1179–80. 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes and 
seven recorded votes developed during the pro-ceedings of today and appear on pages H1181–82, H1191–92, H1192, H1193, H1266–67, H1267, H1268, H1268–69, and H1269–70 . There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 10:36 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
SNAP RECIPIENT CHARACTERISTICS AND DYNAMICS 
Committee on Agriculture: Subcommittee on Nutrition 
held a hearing to review SNAP recipient characteris-tics and dynamics. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
APPROPRIATIONS—DEPARTMENT OF 
ENERGY 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Energy 
and Water Development held a hearing on Depart-ment of Energy budget. Testimony was heard from Ernest Moniz, Secretary, Department of Energy. 
APPROPRIATIONS—DEPARTMENT OF 
AGRICULTURE, FOOD SAFETY AND INSPECTION SERVICE 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Agri-
culture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Admin-istration, and Related Agencies held a hearing on Department of Agriculture, Food Safety and Inspec-tion Service budget. Testimony was heard from Al Almanza, Deputy Under Secretary, Food Safety, De-partment of Agriculture; and Michael Young, Budg-et Officer, Department of Agriculture. 
APPROPRIATIONS—UNITED STATES NAVY 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Defense 
held a hearing on United States Navy budget. Testi-mony was heard from Ray Mabus, Secretary, United States Navy; Admiral Jonathan W. Greenert, Chief of Naval Operations; and General Joseph F. Dunford, 
Jr., Commandant, United States Marine Corps. 
VITAL RESPONSIBILITY OF SERVING THE 
NATION’S AGING AND DISABLED COMMUNITIES 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Labor, 
Health and Human Services, and Education held an oversight hearing on the vital responsibility of serv-
ing the nation’s aging and disabled communities. Testimony was heard from Carolyn W. Colvin, Act-ing Commissioner, Social Security Administration; and Kathy Greenlee, Administration for Community Living, Department of Health and Human Services. 
APPROPRIATIONS—ENVIRONMENTAL 
PROTECTION AGENCY 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Inte-
rior, Environment, and Related Agencies held a hearing on Environmental Protection Agency budg-et. Testimony was heard from Gina McCarthy, Ad-ministrator, Environmental Protection Agency; and David Bloom, Acting Chief Financial Officer, Envi-ronmental Protection Agency. 
APPROPRIATIONS—DEPARTMENT OF 
TRANSPORTATION 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Trans-
portation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies held a hearing on Department of Transportation budget. Testimony was heard from Anthony Foxx, Secretary, Department of Transpor-tation. 
APPROPRIATIONS—ARCHITECT OF THE 
CAPITOL, LIBRARY OF CONGRESS 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Legisla-
tive Branch held a hearing on Architect of the Cap-itol and Library of Congress budgets. Testimony was heard from Stephen T. Ayers, Architect of the Cap-itol; and James H. Billington, Librarian of the Con-gress. 
OUTSIDE PERSPECTIVES ON THE 
PRESIDENT’S PROPOSED AUTHORIZATION FOR THE USE OF MILITARY FORCE AGAINST THE ISLAMIC STATE OF IRAQ AND THE LEVANT 
Committee on Armed Services: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘Outside Perspectives on the Presi-dent’s Proposed Authorization for the Use of Mili-tary Force Against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
FISCAL YEAR 2016 BUDGET REQUEST FOR 
STRATEGIC FORCES 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Stra-
tegic Forces held a hearing entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:47 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26FE5.REC D26FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D190 February 26, 2015 
2016 Budget Request for Strategic Forces’’. Testi-
mony was heard from Admiral Cecil D. Haney, USN, Commander, United States Strategic Com-mand; and Brian P. McKeon, Principal Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Policy, Department of Defense. 
THE BLACKLISTING EXECUTIVE ORDER: 
REWRITING FEDERAL LABOR POLICIES THROUGH EXECUTIVE FIAT 
Committee on Education and the Workforce: Sub-
committee on Workforce Protections; and Sub-committee on Health, Employment, Labor, and Pen-sions held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Blacklisting Exec-utive Order: Rewriting Federal Labor Policies Through Executive Fiat’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
EXAMINING THE FY 2016 HHS BUDGET 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Health held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the FY 2016 HHS Budget’’. Testimony was heard from Syl-via Mathews Burwell, Secretary, Department of Health and Human Services. 
UPDATE: PATENT DEMAND LETTER 
PRACTICES AND SOLUTIONS 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade held a hearing entitled ‘‘Update: Patent Demand Letter Practices and Solutions’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
THE FUTURE OF HOUSING IN AMERICA: 
OVERSIGHT OF THE FEDERAL HOUSING ADMINISTRATION—PART II 
Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on 
Housing and Insurance held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Future of Housing in America: Oversight of the Fed-eral Housing Administration—Part II’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
ACROSS THE OTHER POND: U.S. 
OPPORTUNITIES AND CHALLENGES IN THE ASIA PACIFIC 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Asia 
and the Pacific held a hearing entitled ‘‘Across the Other Pond: U.S. Opportunities and Challenges in the Asia Pacific’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
THE PRESIDENT’S NEW CUBA POLICY AND 
U.S. NATIONAL SECURITY 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on the 
Western Hemisphere held a hearing entitled ‘‘The President’s New Cuba Policy and U.S. National Se-curity’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. THE SHAME OF IRANIAN HUMAN RIGHTS 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Africa, 
Global Health, Global Human Rights, and Inter-national Organizations; and Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa, held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘The Shame of Iranian Human Rights’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
ASSESSING DHS’S PERFORMANCE: 
WATCHDOG RECOMMENDATIONS TO IMPROVE HOMELAND SECURITY 
Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on 
Oversight and Management Efficiency held a hearing entitled ‘‘Assessing DHS’s Performance: Watchdog Recommendations to Improve Homeland Security’’. Testimony was heard from John Roth, Inspector General, Department of Homeland Security; Rebecca Gambler, Director, Homeland Security and Justice Issues, Government Accountability Office; and a public witness. 
ADDRESSING REMAINING GAPS IN 
FEDERAL, STATE, AND LOCAL INFORMATION SHARING 
Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on 
Counterterrorism and Intelligence held a hearing en-titled ‘‘Addressing Remaining Gaps in Federal, State, and Local Information Sharing’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
ISIL IN AMERICA: DOMESTIC TERROR AND 
RADICALIZATION 
Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Crime, 
Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘ISIL in America: Domestic Terror and Radicalization’’. Testimony was heard from Michael B. Steinbach, Assistant Director, Counterterrorism Division, Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation; and Richard W. Stanek, Sheriff, Hennepin County Sherriff’s Office. 
LEGISLATIVE HEARING 
Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Regu-
latory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law held a hearing on H.R. 870, the ‘‘Puerto Rico Chapter 9 Uniformity Act of 2015’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
THE U.S. COPYRIGHT OFFICE: ITS 
FUNCTIONS AND RESOURCES 
Committee on the Judiciary: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘The U.S. Copyright Office: Its Functions and Resources’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
FROM HEALTH CARE ENROLLMENT TO 
TAX FILING: A PPACA UPDATE 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-
committee on Health Care, Benefits and Administra-tive Rules held a hearing entitled ‘‘From Health Care Enrollment to Tax Filing: A PPACA Update’’. Testimony was heard from Kevin Counihan, Director 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:47 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 5627 E:\CR\FM\D26FE5.REC D26FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D191 February 26, 2015 
and Marketplace CEO, the Center for Consumer In-
formation and Insurance Oversight. 
EXAMINING THE IMPACTS OF EPA AIR 
AND WATER REGULATIONS ON THE STATES AND THE AMERICAN PEOPLE 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-
committee on the Interior held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Impacts of EPA Air and Water Regulations on the States and the American People’’. Testimony was heard from Tim Fox, Attorney Gen-eral, State of Montana; Leslie Rutledge, Attorney General, State of Arkansas; and public witnesses. 
IRS: TIGTA UPDATE 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full 
Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘IRS: TIGTA Update’’. Testimony was heard from J. Russell George, Treasury Inspector General for Tax Admin-istration, Department of the Treasury; and Timothy Camus, Deputy Inspector General for Investigations, Department of the Treasury. 
MAKING FURTHER CONTINUING 
APPROPRIATIONS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2015, AND FOR OTHER PURPOSES 
Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on 
H.J. Res. 35, making further continuing appropria-tions for fiscal year 2015, and for other purposes. The committee granted, by record vote of 7–4, a closed rule for H.J. Res. 35. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Appropriations. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the joint resolution. The rule provides that the joint resolution shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the joint resolution. The rule provides one motion to recommit. 
OVERVIEW OF THE FISCAL YEAR 2016 
BUDGET PROPOSALS FOR THE NATIONAL SCIENCE FOUNDATION AND NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF STANDARDS AND TECHNOLOGY 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Sub-
committee on Research and Technology held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Overview of the Fiscal Year 2016 Budget Proposals for the National Science Founda-tion and National Institute of Standards and Tech-nology’’. Testimony was heard from France Co ´rdova, 
Director, National Science Foundation; Daniel Arvizu, Chairman, National Science Board; and Willie E. May, Acting Director, National Institute of Standards and Technology. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Ways and Means: Full Committee held 
a markup on H.R. 1021, the ‘‘Protecting the Integ-rity of Medicare Act of 2015’’; H.R. 284, the ‘‘Medicare DMEPOS Competitive Bidding Improve-ment Act of 2015’’; H.R. 876, the ‘‘NOTICE Act’’; and H.R. 887, the ‘‘Electronic Health Fairness Act of 2015’’. The following bills were ordered reported, as amended: H.R. 1021, H.R. 284, H.R. 876, and H.R. 887. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR FRIDAY, 
FEBRUARY 27, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
No meetings/hearings scheduled. 
House 
Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittee on Defense, 
hearing on United States Air Force budget, 9 a.m., H–140 Capitol. 
Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Development, 
Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies, hearing on Department of Agriculture, Under Secretary for Natural Resources and the Environment, Natural Re-sources Conservation Service budget, 10 a.m., 2362–A Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Interior, Environment, and Related 
Agencies, hearing on Bureau of Indian Affairs and Bureau of Indian Education budgets; hearing on Bureau of Indian Education oversight, 10 a.m., B–308 Rayburn. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on En-
vironment and the Economy, hearing entitled ‘‘The Needs of Drinking Water Systems in Rural and Smaller Communities’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, Full Committee, markup 
on H.R. 400, the ‘‘Trafficking Prevention in Foreign Af-fairs Contracting Act’’; H.R. 757, the ‘‘North Korea Sanctions Enforcement Act of 2015’’; and H. Res. 53, condemning the cowardly attack on innocent men, women, and children in the northeastern Nigerian town of Baga, 9:30 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Committee on the Judiciary, Subcommittee on the Con-
stitution and Civil Justice, hearing entitled ‘‘The State of Class Actions Ten Years After the Enactment of the Class Action Fairness Act’’, 9 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Sub-
committee on Government Operations, hearing entitled ‘‘Ensuring Government Transparency Through FOIA Re-form’’, 9 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Subcommittee 
on Space, hearing entitled ‘‘The Commercial Crew Pro-gram: Challenges and Opportunities’’, 9 a.m., 2318 Ray-burn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:47 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 5627 E:\CR\FM\D26FE5.REC D26FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD192 February 26, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
9:30 a.m., Friday, February 27 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Friday: Senate will continue consideration 
of H.R. 240, Department of Homeland Security Appro-priations Act. At approximately 10 a.m., Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on H.R. 240, on or in relation to McConnell (for Cochran) Amendment No. 255 to H.R. 240, passage of H.R. 240, and on the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to proceed to consider-ation of S. 534, Immigration Rule of Law Act. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
9 a.m., Friday, February 27 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: Complete consideration of H.R. 
5—Student Success Act and consideration of H.J. Res. 35—Making further continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2015 (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Babin, Brian, Tex., E256 
Beatty, Joyce, Ohio, E257 Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga., E259 Blackburn, Marsha, Tenn., E258 Brady, Robert A., Pa., E257 Cartwright, Matt, Pa., E257 Clyburn, James E., S.C., E261 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E258 
Costello, Ryan A., Pa., E256 Davis, Rodney, Ill., E256, E259 Green, Gene, Tex., E262 Langevin, James R., R.I., E258 McClintock, Tom, Calif., E255 McDermott, Jim, Wash., E259 Meehan, Patrick, Pa., E255 Miller, Candice S., Mich., E258, E260 Miller, Jeff, Fla., E256, E259 
Nadler, Jerrold, N.Y., E255 Olson, Pete, Tex., E260 Poe, Ted, Tex., E261, E262 Rogers, Mike, Ala., E258 Sanchez, Loretta, Calif., E257 Schiff, Adam B., Calif., E255 Vela, Filemon, Tex., E260 Vela´zquez, Nydia M., N.Y., E257 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:47 Feb 27, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D26FE5.REC D26FEPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST