Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H6793 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, OCTOBER 5, 2015 No. 145 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 2 p.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. M
ESSER ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
October 5, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable L UKE 
MESSER to act as Speaker pro tempore on 
this day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
Loving God, we give You thanks for 
giving us another day. 
While Members come to the end of a 
long weekend of constituent visits, bless them and those with whom they consult among those they represent with wisdom, patience, and generosity as they seek law and policy that bene-fits not only local interests, but where possible, the greater common good of our country. 
We again ask You to impel those who 
possess power here in the Capitol to be mindful of those whom they represent who possess little or no power. 
Finally, bless those men and women 
who work faithfully here at the Cap-itol, from staffers to maintenance to security, all who serve to enable the engines of legislation to proceed with-out distraction of day-to-day concerns. 
May all that is done today be for 
Your greater honor and glory. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces 
to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair will lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF MEMBER TO 
BOARD OF TRUSTEES OF THE OPEN WORLD LEADERSHIP CEN-TER 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-pointment, pursuant to section 313 of the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2001 (2 U.S.C. 1151), as amended by section 1601 of Pub. L. 111–68, and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, of the following Member on the part of the House to the Board of Trustees of the Open World Leadership Center: 
Mr. P
RICE, North Carolina. 
f 
HOUSE BILLS APPROVED BY THE 
PRESIDENT 
The President notified the Clerk of 
the House that on the following dates, he had approved and signed bills of the following titles: 
July 6, 2015: 
H.R. 533. An Act to revoke the charter of 
incorporation of the Miami Tribe of Okla-homa at the request of that tribe, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 615. An Act to amend the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 to require the Under Secretary for Management of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security to take adminis-trative action to achieve and maintain inter- operable communications capabilities among the components of the Department of Home-
land Security, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 893. An Act to require the Secretary 
of the Treasury to mint coins in commemo-ration of the centennial of Boys Town, and for other purposes. 
July 20, 2015: 
H.R. 91. An Act to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to direct the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to issue, upon request, veteran identification cards to certain veterans. 
H.R. 728. An Act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 7050 Highway BB in Cedar Hill, Missouri, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class William B. Woods, Jr. Post Office’’. 
H.R. 891. An Act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 141 Paloma Drive in Floresville, Texas, as the ‘‘Floresville Veterans Post Office Build-ing’’. 
H.R. 1326. An Act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located at 2000 Mulford Road in Mulberry, Florida, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class Daniel M. Fer-guson Post Office’’. 
H.R. 1350. An Act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located at 442 East 167th Street in Bronx, New York, as the ‘‘Herman Badillo Post Office Build-ing’’. 
H.R. 2620. An Act to amend the United 
States Cotton Futures Act to exclude certain cotton futures contracts from coverage under such Act. 
July 28, 2015: 
H.R. 2499. An Act to amend the Small Busi-
ness Act to increase access to capital for vet-eran entrepreneurs, to help create jobs, and for other purposes. 
July 31, 2015: 
H.R. 3236. An Act to provide an extension 
of Federal-aid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other pro-grams funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, to provide resource flexibility to the Department of Veterans Affairs for health care services, and for other purposes. 
August 6, 2015: 
H.R. 876. An Act to amend title XVIII of 
the Social Security Act to require hospitals to provide certain notifications to individ-uals classified by such hospitals under obser-vation status rather than admitted as inpa-tients of such hospitals. 
H.R. 1626. An Act to reduce duplication of 
information technology at the Department of Homeland Security, and for other pur-poses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:34 Oct 05, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05OC7.000 H05OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6794 October 5, 2015 
August 7, 2015: 
H.R. 212. An Act to amend the Safe Drink-
ing Water Act to provide for the assessment and management of the risk of algal toxins in drinking water, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 1138. An Act to establish certain wil-
derness areas in central Idaho and to author-ize various land conveyances involving Na-tional Forest System land and Bureau of Land Management land in central Idaho, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 1531. An Act to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to provide a pathway for tem-porary seasonal employees in Federal land management agencies to compete for vacant permanent positions under internal merit promotion procedures, and for other pur-poses. 
H.R. 2131. An Act to designate the Federal 
building and United States courthouse lo-cated at 83 Meeting Street in Charleston, South Carolina, as the ‘‘J. Waties Waring Ju-dicial Center’’. 
H.R. 2559. An Act to designate the ‘‘PFC 
Milton A. Lee Medal of Honor Memorial Highway’’ in the State of Texas. 
September 24, 2015: 
H.R. 720. An Act to improve intergovern-
mental planning for and communication dur-ing security incidents at domestic airports, and for other purposes. 
September 30, 2015: 
H.R. 23. An Act to reauthorize the National 
Windstorm Impact Reduction Program, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 719. An Act to require the Transpor-
tation Security Administration to conform to existing Federal law and regulations re-garding criminal investigator positions, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 2051. An Act to amend the Agricul-
tural Marketing Act of 1946 to extend the livestock mandatory price reporting require-ments, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 3614. An Act to amend title 49, United 
States Code, to extend authorizations for the airport improvement program, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the funding and expenditure authority of the Airport and Airway Trust Fund, and for other purposes. 
f 
SENATE BILLS APPROVED BY THE 
PRESIDENT 
The President notified the Clerk of 
the House that on the following dates, he had approved and signed bills of the Senate of the following titles: 
July 20, 2015: 
S. 179. An Act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 14 3rd Avenue, NW, in Chisholm, Minnesota, as the ‘‘James L. Oberstar Memorial Post Of-fice Building’’. 
July 30, 2015: 
S. 971. An Act to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for an in-crease in the limit on the length of an agree-ment under the Medicare independence at home medical practice demonstration pro-gram. 
S. 984. An Act to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide Medicare ben-eficiary access to eye tracking accessories for speech generating devices and to remove the rental cap for durable medical equipment under the Medicare Program with respect to speech generating devices. 
August 6, 2015: 
S. 1482. An Act to improve and reauthorize 
provisions relating to the application of the antitrust laws to the award of need-based educational aid. 
September 24, 2015: 
S. 1359. An Act to allow manufacturers to 
meet warranty and labeling requirements for consumer products by displaying the terms 
of warranties on Internet websites, and for other purposes. 
September 30, 2015: 
S. 230. An Act to provide for the convey-
ance of certain property to the Yukon Kuskokwim Health Corporation located in Bethel, Alaska. 
S. 501. An Act to make technical correc-
tions to the Navajo water rights settlement in the State of New Mexico, and for other purposes. 
S. 2082. An Act to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to extend certain expiring pro-visions of law administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the House stands adjourned until noon tomorrow for morning-hour debate. 
There was no objection. Thereupon (at 2 o’clock and 3 min-
utes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tues-day, October 6, 2015, at noon for morn-ing-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
3021. A letter from the General Counsel, 
National Credit Union Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule and Interpretive Ruling and Policy State-ment 15-1 — Promulgation of NCUA Rules and Regulations (RIN: 3133-AE45) received October 1, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
3022. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a Memorandum of Justification for the use of Secs. 506(A)(1) and 552 (C)(2) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 to provide commodities and services for immediate as-sistance to Ukraine; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
3023. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Small-Mesh Multispecies Fishery; Adjustment to the Northern Red Hake Inseason Possession Limit [Docket No.: 120109034-2171-01] (RIN: 0648-XE120) received October 2, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
3024. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, trans-mitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area [Docket No.: 141021887-5172-02] (RIN: 0648-XE140) re-ceived October 2, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
3025. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, trans-mitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Small-Mesh Multispecies Fishery; 
Adjustment to the Northern Red Hake Inseason Possession Limit [Docket No.: 120109034-2171-01] (RIN: 0648-XE094) received October 2, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
3026. A letter from the General Counsel, 
National Credit Union Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Civil Monetary Penalty Inflation Adjust-ment (RIN: 3133-AE56) received October 1, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
3027. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Extension of Replacement Period for Livestock Sold on Account of Drought [No-tice 2015-69] received October 1, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
3028. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final reg-ulations — Reliance Standards for Making Good Faith Determinations [TD 9740] (RIN: 1545-BL23) received October 1, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. BOEHNER (for himself, Mr. 
CHAFFETZ , Mr. K LINE, Mr. L IPINSKI , 
Mr. R OKITA , Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN , and 
Mr. M ESSER ): 
H.R. 10. A bill to reauthorize the Scholar-
ships for Opportunity and Results Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. CLAY (for himself, Mr. S
MITH of 
Missouri, Ms. A DAMS , Ms. B ASS, Mrs. 
BEATTY , Mr. B EYER , Mr. B ISHOP of 
Georgia, Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Ms. 
BROWN of Florida, Mr. C ARSON of In-
diana, Ms. J UDY CHUof California, 
Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. 
CLEAVER , Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. C OHEN , 
Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. 
CUMMINGS , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Il-
linois, Ms. D ELAURO , Mrs. D INGELL , 
Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. F ATTAH , Ms. 
FUDGE , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. A LGREEN  
of Texas, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. 
HOYER , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. 
JEFFRIES , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHN-
SONof Texas, Mr. J OHNSON of Geor-
gia, Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Ms. 
LEE, Mr. L EWIS, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. 
MCGOVERN , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. M OORE , 
Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. N ADLER , 
Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. 
POCAN , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. 
RICHMOND , Mr. R USH, Mr. S ERRANO , 
Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. S COTT of 
Virginia, Mr. T HOMPSON of Mis-
sissippi, Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. T URNER , 
Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. 
VEASEY , and Ms. W ILSON of Florida): 
H.R. 3683. A bill to amend title 54, United 
States Code, to establish within the National Park Service the African American Civil Rights Network, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
f 
MEMORIALS 
Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:34 Oct 05, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05OC7.002 H05OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6795 October 5, 2015 
141. The SPEAKER presented a memorial 
of the Legislature of the State of California, relative to Assembly Joint Resolution No. 17, urging the President and Congress of the United States to enact Senate Bill 664 of the 114th United States Congress, known as the Foster Care Tax Credit Act, which would provide tax relief to short term foster par-ents by helping to cover the actual costs of caring for a foster child; which was referred to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. BOEHNER: 
H.R. 10. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 and Clause 17 of Section 8 of Arti-
cle I of the Constitution of the United States grants the Congress the power to enact this law. By Mr. CLAY: 
H.R. 3683. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 213: Mr. C UMMINGS . 
H.R. 267: Mr. H IGGINS . 
H.R. 592: Mr. H UFFMAN and Mr. H URD of 
Texas. 
H.R. 721: Mr. P ASCRELL . 
H.R. 885: Mr. R IGELL . 
H.R. 985: Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. T ROTT , and 
Mr. L OBIONDO . 
H.R. 1550: Mr. M ESSER . 
H.R. 1603: Mr. C HABOT and Mr. H ANNA . 
H.R. 1717: Ms. T SONGAS . 
H.R. 2121: Mr. Y ODER . 
H.R. 2173: Mr. D ELANEY and Mr. K ILDEE . 
H.R. 2434: Mr. H UELSKAMP . 
H.R. 2494: Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ . 
H.R. 2519: Mr. G UTHRIE . 
H.R. 2646: Ms. S TEFANIK and Mr. C RENSHAW . 
H.R. 2660: Mr. B EYER and Mr. M ICHAEL F. 
DOYLE of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 2663: Mrs. C OMSTOCK and Mr. D EFAZIO. H.R. 2769: Mr. K INGof New York. 
H.R. 2847: Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS . 
H.R. 2849: Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 2994: Mr. D EFAZIO and Ms. B ONAMICI . 
H.R. 3119: Mr. Z INKE, Mr. R YANof Ohio, Ms. 
JENKINS of Kansas, Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. 
GRAVES of Missouri, and Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 3221: Mr. V ANHOLLEN . 
H.R. 3573: Mr. B RADY of Texas. 
H.R. 3587: Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 3611: Mr. P ITTS and Mr. C ARTER of 
Georgia. 
H.R. 3628: Mr. W ITTMAN . 
H.R. 3641: Mr. T AKANO . 
H.R. 3658: Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H. Con. Res. 65: Mr. N ORCROSS , Ms. A DAMS , 
Mr. L OEBSACK , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM  
of New Mexico, Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of 
California, Mr. S ARBANES , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. 
CARSON of Indiana, Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, 
Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, 
Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. S IRES, Mr. 
BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. 
FUDGE , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. 
VARGAS , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. Y AR-
MUTH , and Mrs. C APPS . 
H. Res. 354: Mr. Z ELDIN . 
H. Res. 428: Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, 
Ms. S PEIER , Ms. L EE, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. 
CA´RDENAS , and Mr. G RAYSON . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:34 Oct 05, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L05OC7.001 H05OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S7109 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, OCTOBER 5, 2015 No. 145 
Senate 
The Senate met at 4 p.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. 
Eternal God, Ruler of all creation, 
each day seems to bring more bad news than good. We hear about floods, bombs, murders, disunity, pestilence, and anguish. In spite of bad news, we continue to look to You, our help in ages past and our hope for years to come. 
Lord, today we pray for the many 
around our Nation and world who are suffering from the effects of poverty, experiencing incessant hunger. We pray also for those who don’t have access to quality education and for the tens of thousands fleeing deplorable and dan-gerous conditions in their countries. 
Sovereign God, intervene and help 
the hurting in our Nation and world by providing our lawmakers with the wis-dom and courage to be instruments of Your glory. 
We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
ERNST ). The majority leader is recog-
nized. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE 
AUTHORIZATION BILL 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
we live in an incredibly dangerous world. The number of threats facing 
our Nation is simply staggering. That is one reason both parties actually came together to pass the national de-fense authorization bill through both Chambers by very large bipartisan 
margins. In the Senate, it was 71 to 25; in the House, 269 to 151. A bipartisan committee then worked to merge both Chambers’ bills into one. 
Republicans on the committee sup-
ported that unified Defense bill. Demo-crats on the committee also supported that unified Defense bill. The House al-ready passed the unified legislation, and we will vote on it here tomorrow. 
Americans have every reason to ex-
pect that Democrats will vote again to support—not block—America’s na-tional defense authorization bill. And yet, at a time when the United States faces numerous conventional, cyber, and terror threats, the Obama adminis-tration is goading Democrats into op-posing the very legislation that sets out defense policy and authorizes funds for our military. 
Democrats just voted to pass Amer-
ica’s national defense bill this summer. Now they might filibuster it? This is part of a pattern that should be wor-rying to all of us. Just consider what we have seen already. The Senate passed a bipartisan veterans funding bill out of the Committee on Appro-priations. Democrats voted for and praised the bill at that time; then they filibustered it. The Senate passed a bi-partisan defense funding bill out of the Committee on Appropriations. Demo-crats voted for and praised the bill at that time; then they filibustered it twice. 
This really hasn’t stopped, Madam 
President. These are serious times. It is time for Democrats to prove they can be serious as well. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader is recognized. REMEMBERING JANICE SHELTON 
Mr. REID. Madam President, at 
about a quarter to eleven this morning, one of my friends passed away. Her name was Janice Shelton. She was a fixture in the Senate. She worked in the Senate for more than three dec-ades, but the reason I feel so bad this afternoon is that Janice worked for me. Janice Shelton worked for me for 
25 years. She was such a good person. She ran my office, and that is an un-derstatement. 
Janice was born in Virginia, in 
Warrenton. She graduated from Mt. Vernon High School in Alexandria and attended Northern Virginia Commu-nity College. She was married to Rob-ert Shelton for 61 years. They have two daughters, Robin LeCroy and Laurie Nelson. They have eight grandchildren in total, two of whom I know well. Shelton Nelson worked for me. Well, I shouldn’t say he worked for me. I got to know him very well. I read the pa-pers every Sunday to find out how his football team had done. He was a huge offensive lineman. He weighed more than 300 pounds, all solid muscle. His brother Chris, who is 6 foot 4, was a stunningly good baseball pitcher, also at the college level. Rebecca and Holly worked in the Senate as Senate pages. And they have four great-grand-children. 
Janice started her career working 
with the Department of the Army. She worked in the Carter White House in the Office of Domestic Policy. She worked in the Reagan White House. She then moved to the Senate in 1981, working as an executive assistant. She worked for Paula Hawkins of Florida for 6 years and worked for Senator M
I-
KULSKI for 1 year and then worked for 
me for 25 years. She left maybe less than 3 years ago and moved to North Carolina to be near her two daughters, one of whom now lives in Atlanta. 
Janice spent her professional career 
creating order where chaos could easily have been. In my office everyone knew 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:33 Oct 06, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05OC6.000 S05OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7110 October 5, 2015 
Janice Shelton. She ran that place so 
well and was so polite, yet so firm, in what she would allow to happen and not happen. There was no bad lan-guage. She had a little cup, and if peo-ple used bad language, they had to put money in it. She was so gracious and so kind, and she had unbelievable energy. It didn’t matter what the job was, big or small, Janice could handle that job. She was a stenographer, but she was a person who could handle the most dif-ficult administrative situation, and she was a woman of tremendous faith. 
Janice had a love affair with her hus-
band Bobby for a long time. I remem-ber Bobby, with that southern accent of his. When Bobby was still in busi-ness around here, he would bother his morning breakfast crowd by wearing T- shirts of mine. He ran with a kind of conservative crowd, and my T-shirt didn’t fit in very well all the time. But she and Bobby were so loyal to me. 
Janice was good to my family. She 
knew every one of my children and knew my grandchildren. She suffered with the bad times that we had. I re-member I was heavily involved in the final stages of the Obama health care bill when she walked into my office and said: I have to talk to you. She told me my wife had been in a very bad auto-mobile accident. She, of course, was available anytime she was needed to help Landra or me with things—those personal things you can’t have just anyone help you with; it had to be somebody like Janice. 
Janice’s desk was right outside my 
office door. She was a fixture there. She was there all the time that I was. Whatever my hours were in the Senate, those were her hours. And I mean that without anything other than the truth. If I was there until 10 o’clock, she was there until 10 o’clock. Often, after I would go home at night, I would call back and say: Janice, why are you still there? And she would say: Well, I still have a few things to do. 
I have missed Janice now for almost 
3 years. I talked to her as often as I could. I am going to truly miss her now. She will leave a tremendous void in my heart. I am going to call my kids later today—I haven’t done it yet be-cause I haven’t had time for anything— and tell them about Janice’s passing. 
I wish words could convey to every-
one within the sound of my voice what a wonderful human being Janice Shelton was. I will miss her. The im-pact she has made in my life and my wife’s life will be there forever. 
Two of my staff came into my office 
separately and broke down in tears about Janice no longer being with us. She created such loyalty, such admira-
tion for her hard work and profes-sionalism. I love Janice Shelton and al-ways will. 
f 
MASS SHOOTING AT UMPQUA COM-
MUNITY COLLEGE AND GUN VIO-LENCE IN AMERICA 
Mr. REID. Madam President, just a 
few days ago—last Thursday—our great Nation witnessed another tragedy. 
While preparing these remarks, we were trying to come up with what we should say, and ‘‘tragedy’’ doesn’t quite convey how horrible that mass killing was in Oregon. 
Once again, a young man was able to 
obtain an arsenal of guns and end the lives of innocent people. Nine men and women woke up Thursday morning, all to attend a community college, but they were assaulted and killed in a de-mented, sadistic killing ritual. Lucero Alcaraz, age 19; Treven Taylor Anspach, age 20; Rebecka Ann Carnes, age 18; Quinn Glen Cooper, age 18; Kim Saltmarsh Dietz, 59 years old; Lucas Eibel, 18 years old; Jason Dale John-son, 34; Lawrence Levine, 67; Sarena Dawn Moore, 44—all victims of a de-ranged gunman’s murderous attack. 
Madam President, our hearts are bro-
ken for the families and loved ones of the victims and for this whole commu-nity of Roseburg, but a broken heart isn’t enough, is it. This senseless act of gun violence is not an isolated tragedy. Communities all around our Nation are shattered daily by these cruel and undeserved acts of gun violence. 
The reality of gun violence in the 
United States is not only shocking; it is pathetic. Every day, gun violence claims the lives of 30 Americans. To-morrow at this time, 4:15—24 hours from now—about 30 more Americans will be killed by guns. And 11,000 Amer-icans are murdered with guns each year. This year alone, we have had 200 mass shootings—200. Anywhere else in the world these alarming facts would prompt action. Sadly, here in the United States we have become so de-sensitized to the lives taken every day by guns that our response is to do nothing—to do nothing. 
Each time gun violence claims a life 
in America, the Nation follows the same routine. Here is what it is. The same thing happens. We have shock and sorrow. Then we start asking ques-tions. Who did that? Who was the kill-er? We usually have to wait a few hours to find out who it was. Why did they do this? Why did they carry out this hor-rible act? Then we wonder aloud, when the time allows it: What could we as a nation have done to prevent this ter-rible thing from happening? But we don’t do anything. We don’t act. 
It is within our power to reduce gun 
violence in this Nation and prevent mass shootings—not all of them but some of them, a few of them. We know these tragic events almost always occur in instances where somebody is unstable or they are terribly violent, and they are able to get a gun easily and use it to carry out these terrible attacks. We know this, yet we fail to pass improved Federal laws placing dis-tance between mentally ill, violent people and guns. Instead of taking ac-tion, lawmakers all around this coun-try pander to the extreme rightwing gun lobby and leave Americans vulner-able to these attacks. This year alone there have been more than 200 mass shootings—this year. The United 
States is the global leader in mass shootings—this great Nation. Can’t we raise standards in this country for gun purchases? The answer of course is yes. We can do it while not infringing on the rights to restrict access to firearms but to keep Americans safe. Let’s not mince words about who would stop us 
from passing background checks: Re-publicans who wage a rightwing ideo-logical crusade fashioned by the Na-tional Rifle Association and Gun Own-ers of America. These two organiza-tions are in a scramble of who can raise the most money. That is what it is all about. If one of them does something, the other will do better than that. Each request comes with ‘‘Can you send some money?’’ This rightwing ide-ological crusade, fashioned by the NRA and Gun Owners of America, is to pre-vent background checks to keep guns out of the hands of terrorists, crimi-nals, and the mentally ill. 
The National Rifle Association is a 
far cry from the sportsmen’s organiza-tion it once was. The NRA once called mandatory background checks ‘‘rea-sonable.’’ That is what they said. Now it uses its energies and its members’ dues to fight against even the most sensible reforms. In opposition to this deadly agenda, Democrats have long sought to strengthen background checks. But instead of joining Demo-crats in finding ways to protect Amer-ican lives, Republicans have pledged their loyalty to what was once a mod-erate sportsmen’s organization. 
Times have changed. Now the NRA 
and its leadership are committed to a radical agenda that allows criminals and mentally ill Americans to access guns and commit these terrible acts. Is this what the American people elected us to do? I think not. Is this the protec-tion they want or deserve? I think not. Americans are smarter than that. They deserve better than that. 
The majority of people who belong to 
the NRA believe there should be back-ground checks to stop people who are mentally unstable and are criminals from buying guns, and 90 percent of gun owners believe there should be background checks, including 86 per-cent of Republicans. But even in the face of overwhelming public support, Republicans still refuse to join Demo-crats in taking steps to implement background checks that could save the lives of countless Americans. 
We have witnessed the consequence 
of inaction too often. Why do I say that? This is over a period of many, many years—now decades: Fort Hood, 13 Americans killed; Tucson, 6 Ameri-cans killed; Carson City, 4 Americans killed; Newtown, 27 Americans killed, including 22 babies, little tiny children; Aurora, 12 Americans killed; the Navy Yard, here in DC, 12 Americans killed; Charleston, 9 Americans killed while worshipping; Moneta, VA, 2 journalists shot to death on live television; and now there is the massacre at Umpqua Community College, 9 dead. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:33 Oct 06, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05OC6.006 S05OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7111 October 5, 2015 
These tragic events have shattered 
the lives of too many families. The shooter was armed with 6 firearms and loads of ammunition, and when they came to his home they found at least 14 guns—and another gun. I thought it was only 14, but, no, they found an-other one. So add them up—15 plus 6, or 21 guns—21 guns. 
We do not yet know why this young 
man murdered these innocent people in cold blood. But what does it say about our country that it is willing to stand by, idle, while these tragedies happen, happen, happen? 
Smarter gun laws in this country are 
long overdue. The lives of these men, women, babies, and children are at stake. How many more innocent lives must be taken before we are willing to act? How many more communities and families’ lives will be shattered? How many more sacred places of worship will be violently attacked? How many more colleges or schools will be terror-ized and forever traumatized by gun vi-olence? How many more Americans will we mourn? How many more sol-emn statements, speeches of con-demnation, and frank discussions must take place? What will it take before we stand up as a nation and say: Enough, not another innocent American will fall victim to this ideological crusade of having more guns and more guns and more guns. 
If we don’t take action, we are equal-
ly responsible for innocent deaths as are the sick individuals who plot and carry out these horrific massacres. I have started reaching out to Senators and talking about what can be done to advance the cause of background checks while Republicans are in charge for the next year or so. But one thing is clear. To pass background checks, we need Republicans to stop acting as pup-pets for the NRA. 
Madam President, would the Pre-
siding Officer announce what the schedule is for the rest of the day. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business until 5 p.m., with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
Mr. REID. Madam President, I sug-
gest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. COTTON. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. NOMINATION OBJECTION 
Mr. COTTON. Madam President, our 
Founders designed a constitutional government powerful enough to defend against all threats, foreign and domes-tic, yet safe enough itself not to threaten our liberty. The separation of powers is a primary feature of our Con-stitution. Our Founders knew that en-croachment by the executive onto the legislature, or vice versa, isn’t only a political dispute but ultimately a threat to the freedom of all Americans. Thus they provided both branches with checks and balances to prevent such encroachment. 
Late last week, we learned shocking 
news. Armed agents of the executive violated the law to intimidate a Con-gressman from doing his job. This is 
exactly the kind of encroachment against which our Founders warned. The executive hasn’t yet acted with anything like the gravity this matter deserves. Until it does, I intend to use the powers of my office to demand ac-tion and to protect our constitutional order. 
Let me say more about the shocking 
news. In an inspector general report issued last week, we learned that doz-ens of Secret Service employees ille-gally accessed the personnel file of Representative J
ASON CHAFFETZ . More 
than a decade ago, Congressman C
HAFFETZ applied to the Secret Serv-
ice; he was not hired. Now he is the chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee. 
In late March of this year, the com-
mittee held an important oversight hearing into a serious misconduct by Secret Service agents. Mere minutes into the hearing, an agent at the Se-cret Service’s Washington office ille-gally searched the Service’s database, which contains all manner of criminal, security, investigative, personnel, and other data. The agent discovered Con-gressman C
HAFFETZ ’s old job applica-
tion. This search was a blatant viola-tion of the Privacy Act, about which the computer-based system explicitly warns on a prompt screen. The agent admitted conducting the search simply out of curiosity, presumably because Congressman C
HAFFETZ was conducting 
an oversight hearing. 
Far from an isolated incident, word 
quickly spread throughout the Secret Service, and 45 employees accessed Congressman C
HAFFETZ ’s records over 
the next week on 60 different occasions. These employees were located around the world, from London to Sacramento, in multiple headquarter offices, even on Bill Clinton’s protective detail. The inspector general could identify only four instances of potentially legitimate access. Moreover, the inspector general concludes that the information was shared with hundreds of people—each a violation of the Privacy Act. 
Some employees realized their mis-
take and self-reported to their super-visor, according to the inspector gen-eral. While these employees indeed made a serious mistake, at least they owned up to it. Others remained defi-
ant, saying they didn’t read the warn-ing banner or even claiming a right to satisfy personal curiosity because the 
personnel files are ‘‘our database.’’ 
Let me state for the record my admi-
ration for the vast majority of Secret Service agents, officers, and other pro-fessionals. We saw their profes-sionalism on display again last month during Pope Francis’s visit and at the U.N. General Assembly. They are dedi-cated professionals who risk their lives to defend our Constitution and laws. Indeed, Secret Service whistleblowers aware of this situation helped to ini-tiate the inspector general investiga-tion. Like the soldiers with whom I served in the Army, the upstanding men and women of the Secret Service want to get rid of their bad apples more than anyone. 
Unfortunately, the senior leaders at 
the Secret Service once again failed their people. The inspector general identified 18 supervisors who knew or should have known of the illegal searches and disclosures. With but one exception, the inspector general found no evidence that these senior managers reported the matter up the chain of command or took steps to stop or rem-edy it. 
These leadership failures went all the 
way to the top. One example is Deputy Director Craig Magaw. When briefed by a subordinate, Mr. Magaw reportedly ‘‘made a shooing hand motion and stat-ed ‘Yeah, yeah we know.’’’ Despite the gravity of the allegations, Mr. Magaw apparently took no steps to learn more or stop the illegal activity, and he claims not to recall this exchange. 
Another example is Chief of Staff Mi-
chael Biermann, whom the inspector general characterizes as the de facto gatekeeper for Director Joe Clancy and Deputy Director Magaw. Mr. Biermann admits to hearing rampant rumors about the Chaffetz matter within 24 hours of the hearing. Yet he also appar-ently didn’t inquire any further to learn the truth or take action to stop illegal activity. 
The most egregious example of lead-
ership failure in the inspector general report is Assistant Director Ed Low-ery, the head of training for the Secret Service. Mr. Lowery wrote in this email about Congressman C
HAFFETZ , 
‘‘Some information that he might find embarrassing needs to get out. Just to be fair.’’ 
Lo and behold, 2 days later, a news 
Web site ran an article—unsourced— about Congressman C
HAFFETZ ’s decade- 
old job application to the Secret Serv-ice. I wonder who the source could have been. For that matter, I wonder if this kind of attitude from the head of train-ing explains some of the Secret Serv-ice’s recent struggles. 
There is even more egregious behav-
ior not in the inspector general report. Thanks to a Friday afternoon news dump, we now know that Director Joe Clancy himself both knew of the Chaffetz matter at the time and mis-represented the facts to the inspector 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Oct 06, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05OC6.008 S05OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7112 October 5, 2015 
general. In the report, Director Clancy 
states he didn’t learn about the matter until a week after the congressional hearing, on the eve of a Washington Post story about the matter. As we have seen, this would have made him a notable exception among the Secret Service’s top leaders. But Director Clancy, confronted with this report, is now singing a different tune. He now admits that he heard of a ‘‘speculative rumor’’ the day after the hearing and a week before the Washington Post story. Yet Director Clancy says he con-sidered the rumor ‘‘not credible’’ and ‘‘not indicative’’ of wrongful conduct. That admission alone is a damning and ironic confession of a gross leadership 
failure. 
Let’s put this in context. Director 
Clancy was specifically hired just months earlier to clean up the Secret Service’s leadership culture after a string of embarrassing incidents. At the very congressional hearing that started all of this, Director Clancy tes-tified that he was ‘‘infuriated’’ that he hadn’t been made aware of the latest security lapse. He further testified that he was ‘‘working furiously to try to break down these barriers where people feel they can’t talk up the chain.’’ 
Despite all that, despite all the prob-
lems he was specifically hired to fix, despite hearing rumors that obviously should have triggered immediate inves-tigation, he did nothing for a full week to look into the matter and put a stop to it, which he only did once the story hit the Washington Post. 
How could this happen? How could 
someone hired to change the culture of his agency be so indifferent to poten-tial illegal activity and to such a con-stitutional affront to the legislature that he did nothing—absolutely noth-ing—until the press broke the story? To make matters worse, Director Clancy misrepresented all of it to the inspector general until the report was released last Wednesday. If anything remotely like this happened in the Army, commanders would have been relieved of command months ago. The Army holds its leaders responsible for everything their unit does and fails to do, and we should expect no less from the Secret Service leadership. 
J
ASON CHAFFETZ and I served to-
gether in the House. He is a tough, smart guy, more than capable of stand-ing up for himself, although I should say this is not a partisan matter. I would feel the same way and give the same speech if Secret Service employ-ees violated the law to intimidate Rep-resentative E
LIJAH CUMMINGS , chair-
man C HAFFETZ ’s Democratic counter-
part. Of course, for that matter, how do we know they didn’t? But since I am neither in the House any longer nor on the committees that oversee the Secret Service or Homeland Security, why am I so outraged by the Secret Service or Homeland Security? Why am I so out-raged by the Secret Service’s mis-conduct in this matter? 
First, if Secret Service personnel will 
violate the law to intimidate and re-taliate against the chairman of their 
oversight committee, what might they do to a normal Arkansan, to the little guy who doesn’t have Chairman C
HAFFETZ ’s megaphone and position of 
influence? What might renegade bu-reaucrats in other agencies do? 
Second, these abuses are far more 
than yet another example of govern-ment misconduct; they strike at the heart of our constitutional order. Al-though troubled by Secret Service lapses like the Colombian prostitute scandal, I haven’t spoken out on these matters, believing my peers on the oversight committee could handle them, as they did. This case, though, goes far beyond simple misbehavior, even beyond violations of law. To reit-erate, armed agents of a paramilitary law enforcement agency violated the law to intimidate the Congressman charged with oversight of that agency. 
The gravity of this scandal hasn’t 
thus far been met with appropriate ac-tion from the highest levels of the ex-ecutive branch. Secretary of Homeland Security Jeh Johnson stated last week that he is ‘‘confident U.S. Secret Serv-ice Director Joe Clancy will take ap-propriate action to hold accountable those who violated any laws or policies of this Department.’’ This response is woefully inadequate on multiple counts. 
First, when an abuse of power strikes 
at the heart of our constitutional order, it warrants at a minimum the attention of a Senate-confirmed de-partment Secretary. 
Second, Secretary Johnson implies 
there may be some doubt about wheth-er laws were broken. In fact, the in-spector general identified no fewer than 56 instances of blatant illegal ac-tivity. 
Third, Director Clancy cannot be 
trusted to handle this matter given what we know now, although, to give Secretary Johnson the benefit of the doubt on this count, he issued this statement before Director Clancy’s Fri-day afternoon admission of misrepre-senting the facts to the inspector gen-eral. 
Responsibility for a constitutional 
confrontation such as this calls for a Presidential response. Yet President Obama has been silent. His spokesman last week acted as if an apology was enough and implied that it was really just a matter of procedures not being followed—as if there are appropriate procedures for the executive to violate the law to intimidate a Member of the legislature. He even suggested that the response thus far ‘‘is a strong indica-tion that there is effective leadership in place at the Secret Service.’’ Effec-tive at what, one must ask? 
This indifferent response is far short 
of what this situation demands. First, Secretary Johnson must take appro-priate disciplinary action against all Secret Service personnel involved, in-cluding Director Joe Clancy, Deputy Director Craig Magaw, Chief of Staff Michael Biermann, and Assistant Di-rector Ed Lowery. I invite Secretary 
Johnson to brief not only me but the entire Congress. Once he makes his de-cision about appropriate action—for in-stance, firings, revocation of security clearances, removal from supervisory positions or suspension—he can explain his own reasoning. Congress can then decide whether this discipline is ade-quate. Most immediately, if it turns out that Director Clancy knowingly misled the inspector general, he should resign or be fired. He was hired to clean up wrongdoing at the Secret Service, not perpetrate it and cover it up. 
Second, and independent of work-
place discipline, the Attorney General must start a criminal investigation of the Secret Service personnel who un-lawfully accessed Congressman C
HAFFETZ ’s personnel file and who dis-
seminated its contents. Criminal viola-tions of the Privacy Act and other statutes must be punished. 
The inspector general lacks criminal 
authority, and it is unclear from his re-port if he was able to take certain key steps, such as obtaining personal emails and phone records. Further, Se-cret Service officials sat in many of the interviews the inspector general conducted, raising genuine questions about improper influence in the proc-ess. What is needed is a vigorous and disinterested criminal investigation by a single Federal prosecutor at the Jus-tice Department. 
Senators often make requests for ac-
tion from the executive branch, which are almost as often ignored. Let me say for the record that these aren’t re-quests; these are demands. They are quite modest demands, given these most serious constitutional stakes. Take and explain appropriate discipli-nary action and start a criminal inves-tigation. 
Until then, I will be compelled to act 
by exercising our constitutional au-thority over executive branch nomina-tions. Every officer of the United States, from the President to the new-est clerk, must understand that Con-gress will fend off this kind of execu-tive encroachment and there will be se-vere consequences for attempting to in-timidate the people’s elected represent-atives or obstructing us from doing our jobs. 
I am not yet at the point of calling 
for a total blockade on all executive branch nominations, although I may reach that point. Right before this speech, though, I did register an objec-tion to three prominent political nomi-nations and there will be more to fol-low if the executive branch doesn’t act swiftly. None of these are nominees to the Department of Homeland Security, partly because the Department has no pending nominees but mostly because this is a constitutional question, not a parochial matter about a single depart-ment. 
I take this step reluctantly and with 
no particular quarrel with these three nominations or future ones to which I might be compelled to object. I do not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:33 Oct 06, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05OC6.009 S05OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7113 October 5, 2015 
wish to prolong this dispute, only to 
defend our constitutional order. When President Obama and Secretary John-son take appropriate action, I will like-wise take action and release these and future objections. I hope our two branches can resolve this confrontation quickly and in keeping with our con-stitutional traditions. The American people deserve no less. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Connecticut. 
f 
STRENGTHENING MISSING 
PERSONS DATABASES 
Mr. MURPHY. Madam President, I 
am here on the floor this afternoon to talk about a young man named Billy Smolinski and a law that Senator H
OEVEN and I are introducing on behalf 
of him, his family, and, quite literally, the millions of other families through-out the United States who have had to deal with the trauma, angst, and grief of a loved one gone missing. 
I will begin by telling everyone a lit-
tle bit about Billy Smolinski. Billy’s parents don’t think that he is alive any longer, but they aren’t sure because on August 24, 2004, at the age of 31 Billy went missing. 
Billy was a vibrant young man who 
lived in Waterbury, CT, along with his treasured dog. When he didn’t respond to calls and communications from his family over the course of a number of days, his parents—and I will speak about his mother in particular, Jan Smolinski, who has been the driving force behind Billy’s Law—contacted the Waterbury Police Department. The Waterbury Police Department is a great police department, and I have a lot of friends there, but even they will admit they really screwed up this case from the beginning. They told his par-ents that he probably didn’t go miss-ing, that he was just running away from his personal problems. One officer stated that Billy was probably ‘‘drink-ing a beer somewhere in Europe.’’ 
The Smolinskis pressed their case 
over and over, day after day, and after 2 weeks of asking for help from the po-lice department, the Smolinskis were finally able get an investigation start-ed, but it went slowly. DNA samples were submitted and lost. It took 4 years before the police department ever actually searched his car to see if there was any information about what happened to Billy. 
Billy’s case made a lot of news in 
Connecticut and Waterbury, and over the course of the last few years, it has taken twists and turns, but he has never been found. His parents suspect he has been killed, but law enforce-ment hasn’t made progress on that po-tential case either. 
Over the course of the last 11 years, 
Billy’s parents encountered obstacle after obstacle when they tried to be helpful and participate in the inves-tigation and search for Billy Smolinski. They came to me at that time, as their Member of Congress rep-resenting Waterbury, CT, to discuss 
ways in which we here in Washington could take down some of the barriers they faced. What they reluctantly found, as they became a part of this big national network of families who have had loved ones go missing, was that their story was not unique. 
Their story of finding obstacles at 
the local police department and na-tionally was not unique and unfortu-nately all too common, as they tried to figure out what happened to Billy. What they were connected into was a national network of tens of thousands of individuals who were searching for a missing loved one—a missing father, mother, brother or sister. 
Nationwide there are as many as 
90,000 active missing persons cases at any given time, and there are some really simple things we can do to help families who are trying to find their missing loved one. Much of the atten-tion, rightly, goes to missing children. 
Missing children have an entire set of 
laws built up around them, and for good reason, our priority lies in finding them. Law enforcement, within a mat-ter of hours, has to post information about missing children onto national databases. There are specific cam-paigns waged on billboards and media outlets to immediately find missing children. But our focus on finding miss-ing children shouldn’t absolve us from the responsibility to help families such as the Smolinskis to find missing adults as well. 
Senator H
OEVEN and I have gotten to-
gether on a fairly simple piece of legis-lation, and I wish to talk about it today. A companion piece of legislation is being introduced in the House by my colleague in Connecticut, Representa-tive E
LIZABETH ESTY, and Congressman 
TEDPOEof Texas. 
I will explain what this piece of legis-
lation does. At its foundation, it strengthens the database system that families access to try to find their missing loved one. Currently, there are two databases. One is a law enforce-ment database, which is called NCIC, and the other one is a public-facing database called NamUs. These two databases very often aren’t talking to each other, and therein lies the pri-mary problem this bill tries to solve. 
Law enforcement uploads all sorts of 
information onto NCIC, but the net data often doesn’t get transferred over to the database that the families can access, which is called the NamUs database. 
Why is that important? It is important because families are 
the supersleuths in cases of missing persons. Families are the ones who know all of the detailed and intricate information about the circumstances of a disappearance and the identifica-tion of their loved one. 
I don’t mean to get too gruesome, 
but think about this statistic. There are 40,000 sets of unidentified remains in the country today. Think about that. There are 40,000 sets of unidenti-fied remains in the country, but be-
cause not all of that information—the detailed descriptions of those re-mains—is uploaded onto a database that the public can see, Billy’s body may be out there somewhere, but his parents can’t find him because they don’t have access to the information. Unfortunately, that is the reality and 
the problem that we are trying to solve. If you get more information that law enforcement has onto a public database, the supersleuths—the par-ents, brothers, and sisters—will have more access to it. What about informa-tion that law enforcement has about an individual who has gone missing—a re-port of someone who has gone missing in California and whose information is not uploaded onto a database that a family who is looking for that informa-tion in New York may want? 
This legislation authorizes NamUs 
permanently in law and then requires that the two databases be connected. Law enforcement, rightly, has a con-cern that any information that is sen-sitive to an open case should remain private, and this legislation allows for the FBI to determine what information has to remain private as part of NCIC and what information goes onto the public database. But connecting those databases will give more information to families such as the Smolinskis to try and crack these 90,000 cases that are out there today. 
The legislation also opens up a rel-
atively modest but important training program for police, coroners, and med-ical examiners to make sure they are using these databases and putting this information online. The databases don’t work if the information is not getting uploaded. If the data from the coroner’s office isn’t up on the data-base, there is no way a family from across the country can access it to try to find the final resting place of their loved ones. So this legislation author-izes a small new program that would provide training to those medical ex-aminers, coroners, and police depart-ments to try to make sure that infor-mation is getting up on the law en-forcement database, the NCIC. Remem-ber, they put up all the information about missing kids right away, but as we heard in the case of Billy Smolinski, they often don’t put that information up about missing adults. 
Some of these police departments are 
tiny. They don’t have the resources to train their personnel on how to do that, and this program would allow them to get that. In the end, we can crack a lot of these cases—thousands of these cases—if we are able to simply give tools to these families so they could participate in the search and tools to law enforcement so they can talk with each other. 
The Smolinskis have not given up. 
Jan has come down to Congress to tes-tify on behalf of Billy’s Law. She has changed the practices of the Waterbury Police Department and has even gotten laws passed in Hartford to make sure 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:33 Oct 06, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05OC6.010 S05OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7114 October 5, 2015 
that other police departments don’t 
make the same mistakes. 
She wants to make sure those mis-
takes aren’t repeated across the coun-try. She thinks about what would have happened if that information about Billy had been uploaded onto NCIC im-mediately, the day she reported it. Maybe Billy was taken to some other State. Maybe the lack of that informa-tion being transmitted that day meant that a break in the case didn’t happen in those early days. She always thinks about what would have happened if she had access to more information—if the database that she looks at virtually every day, the NamUs database, had more information about missing per-sons and unidentified remains. She thinks about her ability to solve this case and how it could have helped the police solve this case if those databases were better or more up to date. 
We hope we are eventually going to 
solve the case of Billy Smolinski’s dis-appearance in Connecticut, but we also hope that we can pass legislation here in both Houses—bipartisan, non-controversial, measured, common-sense—that will assure that there are less Jan Smolinskis in the world going forward. 
We passed this in the House, when I 
was there, with a broad, big bipartisan vote. This is the first time we intro-duced it on a bipartisan basis here in the Senate, and I am hopeful—speaking on behalf of not just the Smolinski family, but the 90,000 other families who are grieving for a missing person— we can get this done and get it done shortly so we can get families and law enforcement the tools they need to crack more of these cases. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING 
BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning 
business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
NOMINATION OF DALE A. DROZD 
TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE EASTERN DIS-TRICT OF CALIFORNIA 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to consider the following nomination, which the clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read the nomination of Dale A. Drozd, of California, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the Eastern District of California. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, there will be 30 minutes for debate equally divided in 
the usual form. 
Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, as 
the distinguished chair pointed out, we are going to vote on the nomination of Judge Dale Drozd to be a Federal Dis-trict Judge for the Eastern District of California. That is the good news. 
Unfortunately, the bad news is that 
so far this year, we have only con-firmed six judges since the Republicans took back the majority in January. That is not even a judge per month. Some would claim this is reasonable, but I don’t believe it is. 
President Bush, in the last 2 years of 
his term, had a Republican majority for up to that point, but during the last years of his term he had a Democratic majority. I was chairman of the Judici-ary Committee at that time. I did not want to do what the Republicans had done to President Clinton in blocking 75 of his judges. I said we have to go with the regular order, because if we didn’t go with the regular order, we were going to be politicizing the judici-ary. 
So we had a Democratic majority, a 
Republican President, and by this time we had confirmed 33 judges hoping it would set a precedent and stop what was happening when the Republicans blocked 75 of President Clinton’s judges. I wanted to set a different pat-tern. I wanted to take at least judicial confirmations out of politics. 
Well, it went back to the same old, 
same old, doing just exactly what they did to President Clinton. They have al-lowed only six judges to be confirmed so far this year under the Obama ad-ministration, as opposed to 33 whom we had confirmed during the Bush admin-istration. In fact, at this rate, by the end of the year, the Senate will have confirmed the fewest number of judges at any time any one of us have been in this body—the fewest number of judges in more than half a century—even though we have a much larger popu-lation, we have a lot more vacancies, and we have a number of judicial emer-gencies. 
This has had a devastating effect on 
Americans across the country. I hear all the time from individuals and from small businesses about how they go into our Federal courts seeking justice; they want the Federal courts to hear these claims and these courts are say-ing: We can’t. We have so many vacan-cies in the judiciary, it will be years before we can hear your case. 
Last week, I spoke about the Associ-
ated Press report on Latino migrant farmworkers who have waited more than three years just to learn whether they can proceed with their claim for stolen wages. The lengthy wait time is due to the fact that there are too many cases and not enough judges in that California Federal court. An empty judgeship in that court has remained unfilled for almost three years. The long overdue vote today to confirm Judge Drozd will finally fill that va-cancy. 
The Wall Street Journal highlighted 
a case in the same California Federal court brought by a former Navy techni-
cian who alleged that he had been dis-criminated against by his employer. That lawsuit has been pending for eight years. The technician has not been able to find steady work since fil-ing his suit and does not know how he will manage financially as he waits for a day in court that seems never to come. 
One of the Federal judges in that 
court, Judge Lawrence J. O’Neill, gave the Wall Street Journal this dev-astating assessment: ‘‘Over the years I’ve received several letters from peo-ple indicating, ’Even if I win this case now, my business has failed because of the delay. How is this justice?’ And the simple answer, which I cannot give them, is this: It is not justice. We know it.’’ 
Today, Nancy Kaufman, the CEO of 
the National Council of Jewish Women, authored an op-ed which said: ‘‘what matters to the average person or busi-ness with a case in the federal courts is whether the lower courts are, in fact, able to dispense justice in a timely manner with so many empty seats on the bench. And that is where the ma-jority in the Senate has strangled the process by running up the number of judicial vacancies.’’ 
I ask unanimous consent that Ms. 
Kaufman’s op-ed be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Huffington Post, Oct. 5, 2015] 
THEDISGRACEFUL STATE OF JUDICIAL  
NOMINATIONS  
(By Nancy K. Kaufman, CEO, National 
Council of Jewish Women) 
The first Monday in October marks the be-
ginning of a new term for the U.S. Supreme Court and a good time to reflect on the state of the nation’s judicial branch of govern-ment. This year the capacity of the federal court system to keep up with its caseload is seriously in question. Judicial vacancies are rising and the Senate is likely to confirm the smallest number of nominees since 1953. The confirmation of federal judges by the Senate has all but come to a halt. Furthermore, the pattern of behavior by senators to slow the process appears quite deliberate. Critics have charged that the delays in the process are in-tended to deny President Obama the ability to appoint judges in the last two years of his term, unlike the pace of confirmations expe-rienced by other presidents at this point in their tenure. 
How has this happened? Judicial nomina-
tions proceed through the Senate in a sort of formal dance, in which individual senators have an unusual role. By tradition the presi-dent consults senators in whose states the 
judicial vacancies occur prior to nominating anyone. Then the nominees go before the Senate Judiciary Committee for hearings and a vote. But individual senators can delay a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing in-definitely without stating why. Some have done so even when they agreed to the nomi-nation in the first place. A nomination can be held hostage due to another matter alto-gether or another piece of legislation. After 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Oct 06, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05OC6.012 S05OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7115 October 5, 2015 
the hearing and the committee vote, the 
Senate majority leader is then supposed to schedule a floor vote, and that too can be de-layed almost indefinitely. 
In fact, during the current two-year ses-
sion of Congress which began in January, only five judges were confirmed by the Sen-ate in the first eight months—the slowest pace since 1953. A sixth judge was confirmed in September, the first nominee in 2015 from a state with a Democratic senator—Mis-souri’s Claire McCaskill. These weren’t con-troversial nominees. All six were voted out of committee with bipartisan support and ul-
timately confirmed unanimously on the Sen-ate floor, and yet were forced to wait an av-erage of 80 days for a floor vote. 
Such a slow confirmation rate is without 
precedent. Most recently, when Republican president George W. Bush had two years left, the Democratic Senate confirmed 68 judges. During the last two years of Democratic president Bill Clinton’s term in office, the Republican Senate confirmed 73 judges. In both cases, the nominees confirmed in the last two years accounted for about one-fifth of the total for each president. At the cur-rent snail’s pace, less than one in 20 of Obama’s confirmations will come during his final two years. 
What’s at stake? A situation where ‘‘jus-
tice delayed is justice denied.’’ While the Su-preme Court is rightly regarded as the pin-nacle of the US legal system, it is nonethe-less a very small part of it. Its nine justices often set landmark precedents with their de-cisions, or at least clarify existing law, but typically the court now handles only 80 cases or less per term. In contrast, a total of 376,536 civil and criminal cases were filed in US district courts in 2014. Of those, the ma-jority—nearly 300,000—were civil cases. That year, about 55,000 cases were appealed from the district courts to the 11 US Courts of Ap-peals. During the last Supreme Court term, 7,376 cases were appealed to the Supreme Court. (It is important to remember that cases generally don’t reach the appeals stage in the same year they were originally filed.) In other words, on average about one-tenth of one percent of appeals cases make it all the way to the top of the judicial branch— making the lower federal courts critical de-cision-makers. 
So what matters to the average person or 
business with a case in the federal courts is whether the lower courts are, in fact, able to dispense justice in a timely manner with so many empty seats on the bench. And that is where the majority in the Senate has stran-gled the process by running up the number of judicial vacancies. Since January 1, that number has increased by 56 percent, from 43 to 67. 
When the courts lack enough judges, a ju-
dicial emergency is declared by the Judicial Conference of the United States, the na-tional policy-making body for the federal courts created by federal law. A judicial emergency is a situation defined by strict criteria—it is not just an off-the-cuff opin-ion. Since January 1, the number of such de-clared emergencies has increased by 158 per-cent, from 12 to 31, affecting districts with millions of people. Two judicial nominees pending for over six months have not yet had a confirmation hearing—although if con-firmed, both would end a judicial emergency. 
As a country that presents itself as a lead-
er among nations when it comes to rule of law, the corruption of the process of select-ing judges in a partisan manner ought to be an international embarrassment. And the only way that embarrassment will motivate change is if American voters organize to call on their senators to end the charade of pre-tense that surrounds confirming judges today—the pretense that in effect says, ‘‘Nothing to worry about, just move along.’’ 
What needs to move along is the Senate con-firmation process with a much greater de-gree of transparency, or the damage to our system of justice and, more importantly, to those individuals depending on it, will only intensify. 
Mr. LEAHY. This is not just occur-
ring in one or two courts across the country. Judicial vacancies have dra-matically risen in courts throughout the country because of Senate Repub-licans’ virtual shut down of the con-firmation process. Mr. President, in fact, because of the unprecedented na-ture of Republican obstruction, vacan-cies have increased by more than 50 percent, from 43 to 68. Additionally, the number of Federal court vacancies deemed to be ‘‘judicial emergencies’’ by the non-partisan Administrative Of-fice of the U.S. Courts has increased by 158 percent since the beginning of the year. There are now 31 judicial emer-gency vacancies that are affecting communities across the country. 
The women and men who have been 
nominated are all highly qualified, out-standing public servants. Many of them have the support of both Republican and Democratic Senators in their States. In fact, those pending on the floor were all voted out of the Judici-ary Committee in voice votes. Every single Republican and every single Democrat was supported. Those home State Republican Senators who have issued press releases and have publicly supported their judicial nominees should take the next step and ask their leader to schedule up-or-down votes. 
Judge Luis Felipe Restrepo was nom-
inated last year to fill an emergency vacancy on the U.S. Court of Appeals 
for the Third Circuit in Pennsylvania. If confirmed, Judge Restrepo will be the first Hispanic judge from Pennsyl-vania to ever serve on the appellate court and only the second Hispanic judge to serve on the Third Circuit. In fact, the Senate unanimously con-firmed him 2 years ago to serve as a district court judge, but Judge Restrepo, who is highly qualified, is being blocked by the Republican ma-jority from being confirmed. 
He has bipartisan support from both 
Pennsylvania Senators. He was voted out of the Judiciary Committee by voice vote. He has the strong endorse-ment of the nonpartisan Hispanic Bar Association. In fact, at his confirma-tion hearing Senator T
OOMEY stated: 
‘‘There is no question [Judge Restrepo] is a very well qualified candidate to serve on the Third Circuit.’’ Senator T
OOMEY described Judge Restrepo’s life 
story as ‘‘an American Dream’’ and re-counted how Judge Restrepo came to the United States from Columbia and rose to the top of his profession by ‘‘virtue of his hard work, his intellect, his integrity.’’ 
So given these remarkable creden-
tials, his wealth of experience and strong bipartisan support, the Senate should have confirmed him months ago. Instead, for 10 months, since Judge Restrepo’s nomination back in November, 2014, he has been denied a 
vote of confirmation. Every single Sen-ate Democrat has said they will vote for him, but he is being denied a con-firmation vote by Senate Republican leadership. No one doubts he will be confirmed once the majority leader de-cides to schedule this vote. If he would take the time to schedule the vote, he could be voice-voted 5 minutes later. 
I have heard Senator T
OOMEY indi-
cate his strong support and that he would like to see Judge Restrepo re-ceive a vote, but I have yet to see him ask for a firm commitment on a vote. I have a feeling that people in Pennsyl-vania are wondering when this long-standing and emergency vacancy of the appeals court will be filled, when this body will stop turning its back on Pennsylvania, when the Republican leadership will allow Pennsylvania to have their voice on the circuit court. 
Besides Judges Drozd and Restrepo, 
there are 14 other highly qualified judi-cial nominees with bipartisan support pending on the Executive Calendar. We should be voting on all of them today. Instead, we will only vote on Judge Drozd. 
Judge Dale Drozd is nominated to a 
judicial emergency vacancy in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of California. Since 1997, he has served as a Magistrate Judge in that same court, and has been serving as the Chief Magistrate since 2011. Over his 18- year career as a Magistrate Judge, he has presided over 1,100 cases. Prior to that, Judge Drozd was in private prac-tice at two different law firms for ap-proximately 14 years. While in private practice, Judge Drozd earned an ‘‘AV Preeminent’’ rating from Martindale- Hubbell from 1990 to 1997, and was also listed in The Best Lawyers in America publication from 1995 to 1997. 
He was voted out of the Judiciary 
Committee by voice vote and has the support of his two home State Sen-ators, Senator F
EINSTEIN and Senator 
BOXER . The ABA Standing Committee 
on the Federal Judiciary unanimously rated Judge Drozd ‘‘well qualified’’ to serve on the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of California, its high-est rating. I will vote to confirm Judge Drozd. 
After we confirm Judge Drozd today, 
I would urge the Senate Republican leadership to schedule votes for the re-maining 15 consensus judicial nominees on the Executive Calendar without fur-ther delay. But the Republican leader-ship continues with this obstruction. If home State Senators cannot persuade the leader to schedule a vote for their nominee soon, it is unlikely that even the highly qualified nominees who have Republican support are going to be confirmed by the end of the year. 
This would certainly be the case with 
Judge Restrepo of Pennsylvania, who was first nominated back in November 2014, nearly a year ago. This would also be the case with two Tennessee district court nominees, one of whom was also first nominated in November 2014, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:33 Oct 06, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05OC6.005 S05OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7116 October 5, 2015 
another who was first nominated in 
February 2015. These are nominees from states with Republican home state Senators, and who would fill va-cancies where they are very much needed. 
Let’s stop this obstruction. Let’s fol-
low what I did with President Bush, stop the needless delays, schedule Judge Restrepo’s confirmation vote this week and the other 14 pending nominees without further delay. If you did that, you would be up to two-thirds of what we did for President Bush at this time in 2007. 
Mr. President, I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
C
OATS ). The clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, we are 
having a lot of trouble moving judges, but today we are moving a judge, Judge Dale Drozd for the Eastern Dis-trict Court of California. 
It has taken a year since his nomina-
tion. It will be a year in November to get to this point. The Eastern District Court of California is in a state of judi-cial emergency, so I am so glad we are going to add this good man to the court. Cases are piling up because we don’t have enough judges to review them, so Judge Drozd’s leadership is desperately needed. 
This position on the Eastern bench, 
again, has been vacant since October of 2012, and Judge Drozd is an excellent candidate to fill it. He received his bachelor’s degree in 1977 from Cali-fornia State University at San Diego and his law degree from the University of California at Los Angeles, where he was a member of the Order of the Coif. 
He began his legal career as a law 
clerk for a district judge in the same judicial district where he now serves. Following his clerkship, he worked in private practice in Sacramento and San Francisco for 15 years. 
In 1997, he was appointed to serve as 
a magistrate judge in the Eastern Dis-trict of California. Four years later he became the chief magistrate judge. 
Judge Drozd’s 18 years on the bench 
serving the people of the Eastern Dis-trict and his previous years in private practice make him an excellent can-didate to fill this vacancy. He also re-ceived a unanimous ‘‘well qualified’’ rating from the American Bar Associa-tion. 
He is a noncontroversial nominee 
who has bipartisan support, including praise from two judges in the Eastern District who were both appointed by President George W. Bush. Judge Law-rence O’Neill wrote to me and said: 
At this point of desperation in the Eastern 
District of California, every day of delay makes an enormous difference. . . . Needing help is a severe understatement. This is what a judge who was ap-
pointed by George W. Bush said. 
Any person in a position of authority re-
lating to the confirmation of this nominee should focus on his bipartisan support. 
I think that is important. This nomi-
nee has broad support from both polit-ical parties. Chief Judge Morrison C. England said Judge Drozd ‘‘has all the attributes needed to be an outstanding addition to the district court bench in Fresno.’’ He continues: ‘‘I know he has bipartisan support and I certainly sup-port and encourage his confirmation at the earliest possible time.’’ 
I am glad we are voting to confirm 
Judge Drozd today. The people of the Eastern District of California need his leadership, and the overworked judges of the Eastern District need his help. I hope maybe we can start to move these nominees forward. 
MASS SHOOTING IN OREGON AND GUN  
LEGISLATION  
Mr. President, if I might speak on an-
other topic at this time. 
I just wanted to send my condolences 
to those who were impacted by the tragic mass shooting in Oregon. As many have said, as we pray for those who are fighting to survive and for the families who are grieving, we have to do more than pray. We have to stop this. 
I know we can’t stop every single 
tragedy from happening, but I have to say, if you look at my home State, we have passed some very commonsense laws. We don’t have a gun show loop-hole. That is important. If it is impor-tant to get a background check from a federally licensed dealer, it is impor-tant to get a background check at a gun show. It is important to get a Fed-eral background check online. 
We have to make it harder for people 
who want to get guns for nefarious rea-sons—not to protect their families but sometimes to harm their families, harm their communities. 
I want to say that after Senator 
F
EINSTEIN and I went through one of 
these horrible experiences with some of our communities, we introduced a bill which would give parents and families of mentally disturbed young people a chance to go to court and intervene so that individual would not have this weaponry, because we knew in the last incident in California where a gunman came down and shot up people sitting in a cafe, that the mother was des-perate to try and warn law enforce-ment that this was going to happen and to intervene, but there was no pathway for her to go. 
This bill that we call the Gun Vio-
lence Intervention Act is very simple. It says if a family member knows and believes someone in their family is mentally unstable, is buying a gun, and may well use it, give that family mem-ber a pathway forward to intervene in the situation. 
I don’t know who could be against 
this because a judge will be objective. If somebody is doing it or if a mom is doing it just out of whole cloth and there is no reason, the judge will not 
allow it. 
I am proud to say that California has 
passed a nearly identical bill and it will go into effect in 2016. Then, in California, if you see someone in your family who you know is acting strange, who you know is making threats, who you know is buying weapons, you have the ability to intervene and take your story to a judge and prevent these kinds of tragedies. That is just one ex-ample of some of the commonsense measures we should be taking up. 
My heart goes out to the families, 
but I have to say I agree with the crit-ics who say don’t just come to the Sen-ate floor and say your heart goes out to the families. That is not enough. So I am calling on this Senate to do some-thing. 
Wednesday we are going to have a 
press conference that Senator B
LUMENTHAL has organized to talk 
about a very important but small loop-hole-closing he is recommending. 
At this time I yield the floor, and the 
remaining time I would give to Senator N
ELSON . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Florida. 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I am 
certainly going to help Senator B OXER . 
On the question about guns, I am an old country boy. I grew up on a ranch and grew up with guns, but guns should be for hunting, not for killing. One of the most commonsense measures is a measure that you ought to have back-ground checks, such as in gun shows, where guns are sold to get around the background check law. 
TRANSPACIFIC TRADE AGREEMENT AND TOBACCO  
WARNING LABELS  
Mr. President, this Senator came to 
the floor on a happier note, to con-gratulate our Ambassador, the U.S. Trade Representative, for successfully completing the negotiations with 11 other nations in the Pacific Rim on this transpacific agreement. 
One of the items in there I had dug 
my heels in because we heard in Aus-tralia they had a law that required to-bacco companies selling cigarettes to 
put a warning label on the cigarette package, just like we have to do in America—a warning about the haz-ardous effects of smoking. 
Lo and behold, it is now in a tribunal 
called the Investor-State Dispute Set-tlement, which had basically governed trade agreements between countries, and they were throwing out Australia’s law that said you had to have a warn-ing on a cigarette package. 
So having been involved from the be-
ginning in Florida with the return of money from the tobacco companies to the government of Florida for all of the medical expenses Florida had borne under Medicaid, having removed to-bacco stocks, as one of the three trust-ees of what governed the Florida pen-sion plan, and removed tobacco stocks from the Florida pension fund, I am here to say hallelujah. 
The fact is that our Pacific trade 
agreement is going to honor the laws of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:33 Oct 06, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05OC6.014 S05OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7117 October 5, 2015 
countries that want to cut down on to-
bacco use. As they referred to it in the trade agreement, it will exempt from the investor-state dispute settlement mechanism anything in a country with regard to tobacco control. This is a win for the health care advocates who are trying to keep our people informed about the hazards, what smoking to-bacco will do to their health. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Idaho. 
Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to yield back all time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The question is, Will the Senate ad-
vise and consent to the nomination of Dale A. Drozd, of California, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of California? 
Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, I ask for 
the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. B
URR), the 
Senator from Texas (Mr. C RUZ), the 
Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E NZI), the 
Senator from Arizona (Mr. M CCAIN), 
the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. R
OUNDS ), the Senator from Florida 
(Mr. R UBIO), the Senator from South 
Carolina (Mr. S COTT), the Senator from 
Pennsylvania (Mr. T OOMEY ), and the 
Senator from Louisiana (Mr. V ITTER ). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Delaware (Mr. C ARPER ) is 
necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
LANKFORD ). Are there any other Sen-
ators in the Chamber desiring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 69, 
nays 21, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 274 Ex.] 
YEAS—69 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Capito Cardin Casey Coats Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Daines Donnelly Durbin Ernst Feinstein Flake Franken 
Gillibrand Graham Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murkowski 
Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Thune Tillis Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—21 
Barrasso Blunt Boozman Cassidy Cochran Cotton 
Crapo Fischer Gardner Hoeven Inhofe 
Lankford McConnell Moran Risch Roberts 
Sasse Sessions 
Shelby Sullivan 
Wicker 
NOT VOTING—10 
Burr Carper Cruz Enzi McCain 
Rounds Rubio Scott Toomey 
Vitter 
The nomination was confirmed. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table, and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume legislative session. 
The Senator from South Carolina. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. GRAHAM. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
DISASTER IN SOUTH CAROLINA 
Mr. GRAHAM. Mr. President, I just 
returned from South Carolina. I am sure many Members of the body have been watching this drama unfold on television. I have never seen anything like it. I was in the Charleston area over the weekend. There was 18 inches in about 24 hours, and Columbia, SC, is really under siege. It is a thousand- year historic rain. I am not a mete-orologist, but it seems as if everything bad that could happen did happen to send the water and the rain to South Carolina. All 46 counties have received Federal emergency declaration. There has been a verbal request for a major disaster declaration for 11 counties; 1,300 National Guard deployed and 7,000 more on standby; the entire State trooper force is on the road; 1,250 South Carolina DOT maintenance employees working; 550 road closures; 150 bridge closures; 26,000 and climbing without power; 40,000 and climbing without water; there have been 9 deaths. 
The economic damage—we don’t 
know yet. There will be an insurance component, and there will be a disaster relief component. As we get through this and look at the damages—that comes later—we are not going to ask the Federal Government to do any-thing beyond the responsibility of the government. We will not turn this into a pile-on party. 
The bottom line is I really appreciate 
my colleagues coming up and offering their assistance and their prayers to the people of South Carolina. Our Gov-ernor and the entire infrastructure of the emergency management system in South Carolina have done a very good job. 
More is coming. The rain is about to 
depart the area, but we will have runoff from upstate of South Carolina that 
will flow down to the coast and run right through the communities that have been hit the hardest. So there is a second wave of water coming. 
My sister lives in the Columbia area, 
and I can say there are very few fami-lies in South Carolina not affected by this. Manning, SC, is virtually under-water. ‘‘We are thinking about the peo-ple of South Carolina’’ is what I have heard from all of my colleagues. Sen-ator S
CHUMER called. The Vice Presi-
dent called. I appreciate all of your concern and prayers. We will hopefully get this behind us soon in terms of the rainfall and start building up some lev-ees and dams that are just about to break. I worry about the bridges and the damage to our bridges. I don’t think we really appreciate how exten-sive it is. 
This is sort of the worst of nature 
coming our way, but I think we met it with the best of human nature. From what I can tell, people have been work-ing together trying to slug through this. And I will just echo what the Gov-ernor said: Stay in your homes. Get off the roads. It is so dangerous down there. Anybody who has to be rescued because they are out looking around and taking photos is draining resources from the people who are under siege. 
So on behalf of T
IMSCOTT and my-
self, we are going to do whatever we can, with our House delegation, to make sure our State is taken care of in an appropriate fashion. Hopefully by the end of this week we will begin to survey the damage, but unfortunately there is more coming as the runoff from upstate makes its way to the coast. This was literally a perfect storm of things coming together to take water from the hurricane and cre-ate a river of rain. I have never seen anything like it, and I have lived in the State all my life. 
To the people without power, whose 
houses are underwater, whose cars have been devastated, those who have lost loved ones, we are definitely thinking about you. We are pulling to-gether in our State. 
Mr. President, 2015 has been a miser-
able year for the State of South Caro-lina. Some of the worst things have happened, and we are still hanging in there. Everybody is clinging to each other in a very heartwarming way. And I am sure there will be exceptions to that rule—curfews are in place—but the vast majority of South Carolinians are rising to the occasion. 
I was talking to the Governor last 
night. We can’t wait to get this year behind us. And I cannot tell you, from the Charleston shooting to this, how tough it has been for our State. But when it is all said and done, we are going to be together and come out stronger. 
To the families who are thinking the 
world has come to an end, God willing, it will get better. The water will pass, we will start surveying the damage, and we will help those who need help. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:33 Oct 06, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05OC6.017 S05OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7118 October 5, 2015 
We are not going to ask for a penny 
more than we need. This is not about fixing problems unrelated to this event; this is about appropriately deal-ing with this event and nothing more. 
I thank the President and the Mem-
bers of this body who have offered their prayers and wishes for the people of South Carolina. 
To the people of my State, to the 
first responders, to all who have been involved trying to take care of your fellow citizens, God bless you. To our Governor and her team, I know you are working so hard. 
I would end this with a request for 
prayers. Any money that people can send will be much appreciated because there are people who have lost every-thing they have worked for all their lives. It is days like this that make you appreciate one another. 
There is a role for the government to 
play here, but at the end of the day, it is going to be people helping people, with the government providing some resources, but we will have to help each other. There is no substitute for neighbor taking care of neighbor here. 
I appreciate the floor time. I will 
keep the body informed as this disaster unfolds. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the 
Senator hold his suggestion? 
Mr. GRAHAM. Yes. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio. 
f 
PHARMACEUTICAL COMPANIES 
AND DRUG PRICING 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, we have 
seen this movie before. It was 4 years ago that a drug company in St. Louis raised the price dramatically on a drug that was administered to pregnant women, a shot they took once a week for 20 weeks that significantly reduced the incidents of low birth weight ba-bies. Now we see a headline on the front page of the New York Times today which reads ‘‘A Drug Company’s Price Tactics Pinch Insurers and Con-sumers.’’ Two weeks ago another New York Times headline read ‘‘Drug Goes From $13.50 a Tablet to $750, Over-night.’’ In April the Wall Street Jour-nal ran an article titled ‘‘Pharma-ceutical Companies Buy Rivals’ Drugs, Then Jack Up the Prices.’’ The report-ers who did the investigating in these articles all found the same thing: Phar-maceutical companies buy up the rights of older existing drugs where all the costs from research have been re-couped and raise prices dramatically overnight. 
In its most recent article, the Times 
investigated Valeant Pharmaceuticals, a company that recently raised the cost of the lifesaving drug Cuprimine more than fivefold. The Times inter-viewed Mr. Bruce Mannes, a 68-year-old retired carpenter in Michigan who has relied on Cuprimine for 55 years to treat his Wilson’s disease. In May Mr. Mannes was paying $366 a month for Cuprimine. Today he is forced to pay 
$1,800 a month just to stay alive. It is the same drug and the same dosage. It was $366 a month not too long ago. Today it is $1,800 a month just to stay alive. 
It is not just Mr. Mannes who is left 
on the hook to pay for his medicine, which has more than quadrupled in cost. The taxpayer-funded Medicare Program will now be spending $35,000 a month to cover its portion of his pills because current law prohibits Medi-care—because of the power of the drug companies in this institution—from ne-gotiating more favorable drug prices. 
Cuprimine is not a cure for Wilson’s 
disease. Mr. Mannes must take this drug for the rest of his life. It doesn’t cure him, but it keeps him alive. 
Valeant did nothing to improve this 
drug. They don’t claim that. It has been around for decades. They have done nothing to invest in a cure. In-stead, the company bought the rights to an existing medicine and raised its price. 
Remember, I said that in May Mr. 
Mannes was paying $366 a month. Today he is paying $1,800 a month. 
This story, unfortunately, is out-
rageous, and it is not an isolated story. The Times reports that this year alone Valeant has raised the price of its drugs by an average of 66 percent. When Valeant acquired Salix Pharma-ceuticals earlier this year, it raised the price of its diabetic drug Glumetza by 800 percent. These are drugs that have been out there. They don’t need to re-coup their costs of research and devel-opment. These are drugs that have been used for many years at a signifi-cantly lower price. They buy these companies—these drugs and jack up the price. After Valeant acquired the drug Isuprel, which treats slow or ir-regular heart rate, it raised the price by more than $30,000. 
Valeant’s investors and its billion-
aire CEO are, of course, getting rich but always on the backs of America’s seniors and American taxpayers, who pay the price. Seniors on Medicare face skyrocketing bills for lifesaving drugs they cannot afford. Insurance compa-nies sometimes stop covering drugs al-together. 
Janis, from Lower Salem in Wash-
ington County, OH, wrote to me about the drug Glumetza. She wrote: 
My husband has gotten the drug Glumetza 
for $10 each refill of 180 pills. When he re-or-dered this prescription this morning the pharmacy called him to say that Glumetza now costs $3,000 for a 15-day supply. His in-surance has a limit of $3,000. 
The pharmaceutical companies are begin-
ning to look like the drug cartels of Mexico. 
The insurance companies are being forced 
to cut benefits or increase their cost to con-sumers who have worked hard all their lives and earned their health care benefits. He and I cannot continue to afford to pay these out of pocket expenses on a fixed income. 
We know that Janis in Washington 
County, OH, isn’t alone. We also know that all Americans face higher health care premiums when insurance compa-nies and hospitals are forced to absorb 
the cost of this price-gouging. 
Jeffrey Rosner of the Cleveland Clin-
ic told the Times that the nine drugs with the worst price increases cost that hospital alone an additional $11 million a year and that Valeant’s prod-ucts made up 80 percent of that. Yet their billionaire CEO is doing very well. 
Valeant is not the only company that 
profits from its business of buying up old drugs and jacking up the price. We remember the coverage last month about Turing Pharmaceuticals, which raised the price of a drug called Daraprim, which is used to treat a life- threatening parasitic infection, from $13.50 to $750 a tablet overnight. The company Rodelis Therapeutics re-cently raised the price of a drug to treat multidrug-resistant tuberculosis from $500 to over $10,000 for the same number of pills. 
These are not scenarios of pharma-
ceutical companies charging higher prices to finance the development cost of new drugs. Take Valeant for exam-ple. Valeant spends 3 percent of its sales on research and development. Traditional drug companies tell us they spend 15 to 20 percent. Traditional drug companies will tell you they spend 15 to 20 percent of their revenues on research and development. That is why they need to charge high prices at the beginning, at least during their patent protection period—to recoup, they will say, the $500 million, $600 mil-lion, whatever it costs, in research and development. Valeant is buying drugs where that research and development have already been recouped. They spend only 3 percent of their sales on research and development. 
So where does Valeant’s money go? 
One might hope it would support Amer-ican pharmaceutical manufacturing jobs or pay back into our tax system to support lifesaving biopharmaceutical research at the National Institutes of health. But, no, what actually is hap-pening is infuriating. Valeant, which shifted its profits overseas in 2010 to avoid its U.S. tax obligation, buys up the rights to existing pharmaceutical companies, lays off workers, hikes prices by eight- nine- tenfold, and then expects patients, hospitals, and tax-payers to pick up the tab. It is not right. 
As I said at the outset, we have seen 
this before. Valeant, Turing, and Rodelis are not the first companies to try this shady—and ‘‘shady’’ is too kind a word—business model. They won’t be the last. In 2011, KV Pharma-ceutical created an overnight monop-oly on the lifesaving drug 17P, a preterm labor-prevention drug—a pro-gesterone—for pregnant women. KV Pharmaceutical didn’t invent the drug. It spent no money on R&D. It spent no money on clinical trials, which are also expensive but not for them. The drug had been around for decades. It was normally compounded at pharmacies and at hospitals to treat pregnant 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:33 Oct 06, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05OC6.018 S05OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7119 October 5, 2015 
women. What did it do? It applied to 
the FDA for 7 years of exclusive cov-erage under the Orphan Drug Act and changed the name from 17P to Makena. That is it. They proposed raising the price by almost 15 percent overnight. It was a $10 drug initially—$10, taken 20 times, so it cost about $200 for the regi-men, and they raised the price to $30,000. Imagine that. 
We have thousands of pregnant 
women who have had a history of preterm births, and their doctors say to these women: You should take this compound, this progesterone, P17. The cost is only $200. You will get a shot every week for 20 weeks in a row. 
Then all of a sudden the price of $200 
is raised to $30,000. What happens? Some places, Medicaid won’t pay. Other places, private insurance won’t pay. In many cases, women simply wouldn’t take this progesterone, and the problems of low birth weight babies increases. 
The potentially devastating impact 
on our country is already too high for the preterm birth rate. Fewer women are able to afford the drug. When that happened 4 years ago, I wrote to the company’s CEO asking them to con-sider the price increase. The senior Senator from Minnesota, Ms. K
LO-
BUCHAR , and I sent a letter to the FTC 
urging an investigation. Together, we kept the pressure on the company. Frankly, we embarrassed them, as they deserved. So far the drug has stayed more affordable. We need to do the same thing today. Valeant and compa-nies like it must not be allowed to get away with fleecing consumers and tax-payers. 
I am calling on my colleagues on the 
HELP Committee to hold hearings on this price-gouging. We must work to-gether—Congress, the media, the pub-lic—to expose this kind of behavior, maybe a little shame. I don’t normally like to do that, but when a CEO makes this kind of money by fleecing so many people—especially when it comes to low birth weight babies but also where people need these moderately priced drugs to stay alive—I think it is time to out them and put pressure on these companies. 
One thing we can also do, if my col-
leagues would wean themselves off of drug company contributions, is give Medicare the authority to negotiate drug prices. Many of these drugs with massive price increases are taken by large numbers of seniors who are on Medicare. We know the Veterans Ad-ministration uses the buying power of millions of American veterans to nego-tiate directly with drug companies to bring down significantly the cost of these drugs. For too long the pharma-ceutical companies have profited off of their ability to charge more vulnerable Medicare beneficiaries higher prices for their drugs. Current law expressly bans Medicare from negotiating with phar-maceutical companies—again showing the power of drug companies lobbying my colleagues in this body—even though the government can negotiate 
bigger discounts with private insurance companies. 
This summer I helped introduce the 
Medicare Prescription Drug Savings and Choice Act, which would allow sen-iors to enroll in a Medicare Part D plan administered directly by Medicare in-stead of a private insurance company. This legislation requires the Secretary of Health and Human Services to nego-tiate directly with drug companies to get the best prices for our seniors. Sen-iors should be able to get drug coverage directly through Medicare and not be forced to buy from a middleman. 
The purpose of lifesaving drugs is 
that—to save lives, not to line the pockets of Big Pharma executives and investors. We owe it to the people we serve—the people who elect us—to put a stop to the price-gouging that is bankrupting patients and overcharging Medicare, straining hospitals, and fleecing taxpayers. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
WOMEN’S SMALL BUSINESS 
OWNERSHIP ACT OF 2015 
Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I 
have introduced, along with Senator V
ITTER and Senator S HAHEEN , a bill 
that we believe will help break the glass ceiling women entrepreneurs face in this country. 
This month is National Women’s 
Small Business Month. Throughout the month, the important contributions women entrepreneurs make to keep the economy growing will be highlighted. According the U.S. Small Business Ad-ministration, SBA, women-owned busi-nesses are growing three times faster than their counterparts. Today, there are more than 10 million women-owned businesses across our country. They provide more than 23 million jobs and are expected to provide another five million additional jobs by 2018. In addi-tion, one-third of all women-owned businesses are now owned by minori-ties. 
It is clear that we need to be invest-
ing more in our women-owned small businesses. That is why the legislation I am introducing today would help en-sure that the next generation of women small business owners can get the training and counseling they need to turn their ideas into realities. 
This legislation would reauthorize 
the SBA’s Women’s Business Centers, WBCs, program for the first time since 1999. I am very pleased we were able to raise the authorized funding level for this critical counseling program to $21.7 million annually. Although the number of women entrepreneurs has continued to grow, funding for WBCs 
has remained flat for many years. 
Last year, when I was chair of the 
Senate Small Business and Entrepre-neurship Committee, we took a hard look at actions necessary to propel women’s entrepreneurship forward and introduced legislation that addressed three components necessary to unlock their success—increasing access to fed-eral contracts, increasing access to capital, and improving the training and counseling programs that support them. It became very clear that women all over the country agree that the Congress must take these additional steps. 
As Chair, I also issued a report, ‘‘21st 
Century Barriers to Women’s Entrepre-neurship,’’ which demonstrated the need for the policy changes we seek in this legislation. 
I am pleased to say that on October 
14, one of those goals will be achieved. The Small Business Administration has finalized sole-source authority for the women’s procurement program— bringing the program and the women it serves in line with other Federal con-tracting programs. This will result in increased access to Federal contracts for women. 
The bill I introduced addresses an-
other finding in the report which called for expanding training and counseling for women entrepreneurs. It does this by reauthorizing the SBA’s Women’s Business Center, WBC, program, which provides critical counseling, training, and other assistance to women, par-ticularly in socially and economically disadvantaged communities. I cannot think of a better investment than one that helps women who want to create jobs and contribute to the economy. Women’s Business Centers also provide important business counseling and training to underserved minority en-trepreneurs. 
The need is greater than we knew 
last year. Since the Survey of Business Owners, published by the Census Bu-reau, was released this summer, a greater number of women have started businesses. The latest preliminary data showed that there are nearly 10 million women-owned firms in the United States. This is a 27 percent increase from the survey’s last iteration in 2007 and a 50 percent increase in only a dec-ade. Women-owned businesses generate more than $1.6 trillion in revenue. 
The report we issued last year 
showed that women entrepreneurs ben-efit from the customized business training and counseling Women’s Busi-ness Centers provide to help level the playing field in starting and growing a small business. The majority of women-owned businesses are still under $24,999 in revenues. Women en-trepreneurs receive only 4 percent of all commercial loan dollars, 17 percent of SBA loans, and 4.2 percent of ven-ture capital—so there is plenty of work to be done. 
It is astonishing to me that more 
than 100 Women’s Business Centers 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Oct 06, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05OC6.020 S05OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7120 October 5, 2015 
around the country are expected to 
serve this growing group of entre-preneurs. Women-owned small busi-nesses generate needed income. Ac-cording to a study released by the As-sociation for Enterprise Opportunity, AEO, ‘‘microbusinesses can be vital for income and wealth creation in under-served communities. In 2010, for in-stance, female-headed family house-holds in which at least one person owned a microbusiness generated $8,000 to $13,000 more in annual household in-come than similar households without a business owner.’’ For low-income households, this additional income is a path toward prosperity. The report goes on to say, ‘‘the median net worth of business owners is almost two and a half times greater than that of non- business owners.’’ 
Liz Jamieson, Director of the Wash-
ington Center for Women in Business, a WBC in Lacey, WA, explains why we need to increase support for Women’s Business Centers. ‘‘Since our inception in 2013, the Washington Center for Women in Business has coached and supported over 400 women entre-preneurs, to help them start, grow or scale up their companies. We’ve also provided training and business skills development to over 1000 entrepreneurs in the same time frame. Our center would not exist without the partner-ship of the SBA. Even so, our center serves 34 of the 39 counties in Wash-ington State, and two staff people can only do so much, although they do an extraordinary job and we get rave re-views. This legislation will empower us to empower far more entrepreneurs from all over our state, and to help them grow their businesses and create more jobs.’’ 
The legislation enjoys broad support 
by a number of key national organiza-tions that support women business owners. The Association of Women’s Business Centers, AWBC, Women Im-pacting Public Policy, WIPP, and the Association for Enterprise Oppor-tunity, AEO, believe the changes we are proposing in this legislation are necessary to make this program open to more women. 
In closing, I would like to thank my 
colleagues who have cosponsored this legislation. I also want to commend Chairman V
ITTER and Ranking Member 
SHAHEEN of the Small Business and En-
trepreneurship Committee for their hard work and dedication to assisting women entrepreneurs succeed. I urge my colleagues to support this legisla-tion. 
f 
SRI LANKA 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I wish to 
address the situation in Sri Lanka, a country that has endured a brutal civil war and is working to address the dif-ficult issues of accountability and rec-onciliation. 
Following the historic elections in 
January and August, Sri Lanka has a remarkable opportunity to economi-cally integrate with the West and build 
security ties. This relationship has great potential that we all hope can be realized. But before we move forward on greater economic and security co-operation, Sri Lanka must finally re-solve longstanding issues of account-ability that have plagued the country since the end of the war and engage in 
a credible and legitimate effort to rec-oncile amongst all communities in the country: Sinhalese and Tamil, Muslim, Christian, Hindu, and Buddhist. 
Efforts by the last government to 
deal with war crimes allegations were a sham, according to the U.N., according to the U.S. Government, according to the victims and according to the cur-rent government in Colombo. Justice has been mostly nonexistent for scores across the country. Many Tamils do not trust the central government to administer a genuine and credible do-mestic mechanism to provide real ac-countability for crimes committed dur-ing the war. Many Sinhala mothers want to know what happened to their sons who served in the military. Many combatants and civilians remain unac-counted for, necessitating a com-prehensive effort to identify all miss-ing persons. 
On October 1, the U.N. Human Rights 
Council passed Resolution 25/1, which is focused on accountability and rec-onciliation in Sri Lanka. This resolu-tion is not perfect, but if fully imple-mented, it provides the most promising path forward since the end of the war. The resolution leaves open the possi-bility for international judges and prosecutors in Sri Lanka’s judicial mechanism to promote accountability. The current government has made clear that the international role will be limited to providing technical assist-ance and advice. As the U.S. works with Sri Lanka to implement the reso-lution, I urge our diplomats to push for the most robust international role in the accountability process. I also urge the Sri Lankan Government to con-tinue to act in good faith to ensure that any accountability mechanism is seen as fair and just by all its citizens. 
The U.S. led an effort to pass a 2014 
U.N. Human Rights Council resolution which mandated a report on war crimes allegations in Sri Lanka. Earlier this month, the Office of the High Commis-sioner for Human Rights released its report which documented ‘‘a horrific level of violations and abuses’’ com-mitted between 2002 and 2011. Among the violations committed by Sri Lankan government forces, the sepa-ratist Tamil Tigers, LTTE, and pro- government paramilitaries included in the 261-page report include enforced disappearances, extrajudicial killings, torture, denial of humanitarian assist-ance, sexual violence, indiscriminate shelling, and the recruitment of child soldiers. 
The report also recommended a series 
of measures that Sri Lanka should take to address these issues. For exam-ple the report recommends that the Government of Sri Lanka integrate 
international judges and prosecutors with an independent Sri Lankan inves-tigative and prosecuting body to try those accused of war crimes, imple-ment security sector reform, return land occupied by the military, strengthen witness protection pro-grams, and establish a national repara-tions policy in consultation with vic-tims and families. 
Foreign Minister Mangala 
Samaraweera spoke a few weeks ago at the 30th session of the U.N. Human Rights Council in Geneva. His own very welcome recognition of the depth of the institutional challenges and of past failures is more than enough reason to insist on outside involvement, particu-larly in investigations and witness pro-tection. 
Foreign Minister Samaraweera ap-
pears genuinely committed to rec-onciliation. He recently announced the government’s support for a commission for truth, justice, reconciliation and nonrecurrence to help victims under-stand what happened and help them at-tain justice. He emphasized the govern-ment’s commitment to an office on missing persons based on the principle of the families’ right to know what happened to their loved ones. He an-nounced the establishment of an office for reparations for victims. Most nota-bly he acknowledged that any judicial mechanism for accountability will need to be designed through a wide process of consultations involving all stakeholders to include support from the international community. 
Sri Lanka and its supporters in the 
international community expect ac-tion, not more promises, on each of these fronts. 
The political will expressed by the 
government for a democratic future based on human rights and rule of law is something that should be acknowl-edged and welcomed by the U.S., inter-national community, and all Sri Lankans. We have an obligation to sup-port and foster this vision. As a friend, we also have an obligation to identify shortcomings as they arise throughout the process. 
Moving forward, the U.S. can take 
several concrete measures to support Sri Lanka’s accountability process through the challenging days ahead. 
First, the U.S. should work to ensure 
that the commitments in the current UNHRC resolution are fully imple-mented. Following the passage of the resolution, the U.S. should push for the most robust international role in the accountability process, to include international judges and prosecutors. 
Second, the United States can sup-
port efforts to ensure witness protec-tion inside of Sri Lanka. This could in-clude the establishment of special se-curity force for witness protection, de-veloped in close coordination with leaders in the Tamil community. 
Third, the U.S. military should urge 
its counterparts in the Sri Lankan Armed Forces to play a constructive 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:33 Oct 06, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05OC6.004 S05OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7121 October 5, 2015 
role in the accountability process. I un-
derstand that there are many in the Sri Lankan military who seek to clear the military’s name so that the insti-tution can move forward. They should deliver on that commitment. 
Fourth, the U.S. should continue and 
expand programs that strengthen civil society voices in Sri Lanka. The coun-try now has a parliament which is more disposed towards incorporating civil society into the policymaking process. These advocates will be crit-ical moving forward on this as well as broader reconciliation efforts. 
Finally, the U.S. should make clear 
that any accountability process must include addressing violations com-mitted by all sides in the conflict: LTTE, the Sri Lankan military, and pro-government paramilitary groups. 
The goal of accountability is not re-
venge. The goal is to conduct a process where all sides are provided a measure of justice that leads to durable rec-onciliation and a marked departure from armed conflict. The previous gov-ernment’s policies were a dangerous cocktail that were slowly sliding Sri Lanka back into ethnic and religious strife. Today, Sri Lanka’s leaders have an important opportunity to move be-yond this divisive past. They say they want it and they have a plan on paper. Now is the time to act. And I am pre-pared to support the efforts of Presi-dent Sirisena, Prime Minister Wickramasinghe, Opposition Leader Sampanthan, and all Sri Lankans to-wards that end. 
The High Commissioner for Human 
Rights Prince Zeid Ra’ad Al Hussein said the credibility of the U.N. Human Rights Council is on the line in Sri Lanka. I agree and would say that the same goes for the United States. Our country has an important responsi-bility to finish the work of diplomats in recent years and promote the strongest accountability mechanism in Sri Lanka. Our credibility on human rights issues around the world is at stake and will be watched closely by human rights defenders and violators alike. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
RECOGNIZING LITTLE ROCK AIR 
FORCE BASE ON ITS 60TH ANNI-VERSARY 
∑Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I wish 
to honor the men and women of Little Rock Air Force Base and the sur-rounding communities for their stead-fast support, spirit of service, and faithful dedication to the defense of our Nation. 
In 1951, community leaders in Jack-
sonville, AR, and the surrounding re-gion began petitioning Congress for the creation of a local air base. The needed support was unattainable in the post- World War II environment, so sup-porters took it upon themselves to raise the money and purchase the land required for the base. In only 32 days, 
these air base advocates raised more than $800,000, and with the combination of purchased and donated land, 6,359 acres were gifted to the U.S. Govern-ment for the establishment of Little Rock Air Force Base. 
On October 9, 1955, the base officially 
opened. Since that day, it has served as a strategic operating location for nu-merous mission sets. From reconnais-sance and bomber alert missions to the ever-present readiness of Titan II mis-sile crews, Little Rock Air Force Base stood ready. With their cargo aircraft and selfless airmen, the base has re-sponded to numerous natural disasters and humanitarian missions. Most re-cently, with the C–130 Hercules, Little Rock airmen have had a continuous global presence. From training mem-bers of three U.S. services and 20 for-eign nations to supporting operations on five of the seven continents, they embody their motto as ‘‘The Home of Combat Airlift.’’ 
Over the past 60 years, the men and 
women of Little Rock Air Force Base have employed weapons systems cov-ering every key tenant of air power. Currently, the base seamlessly blends Active Duty, Air National Guard, and Air Force Reserve command personnel into a singular fighting machine, tak-ing airmen from initial qualification through graduate-level training. 
From its inception, Little Rock Air 
Force Base has been uniquely suited to fulfill any mission it is presented. The support of the community provides an unmatched strength that cannot be countered by any weapon system. The people of central Arkansas have opened their hearts and homes for six decades to welcome the men and women of the United States military. 
I am proud to represent the men and 
women of Little Rock Air Force Base and the communities who support them. I am grateful for their service and dedication and look forward to a future of continued success and co-operation. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO COLONEL MARTIN L. 
SIMS 
∑Mr. GRAHAM. Mr. President, I wish 
to pay special tribute to COL Martin L. Sims on the occasion of his retirement from a long and distinguished career in the U.S. Army. 
Colonel Sims began his military ca-
reer through the Army Reserve Officer Training Corps at Vanderbilt Univer-sity where he was a Distinguished Mili-tary Graduate in 1987, was branched as an armor officer, and was granted an educational delay to attend law school at the University of Tennessee where he served as the managing editor of the Tennessee Law Review and graduated with honors in 1990. 
After being assessed into the Army 
Judge Advocate General’s Corps, he en-tered into active duty as a first lieu-tenant, less than 2 months after the Iraqi invasion of Kuwait. For the next 25 years, Colonel Sims served faithfully 
as a judge advocate during which time he was stationed overseas four times and deployed on numerous occasions to Afghanistan, Albania, Bosnia- Herzegovina, Croatia, the former Yugo-slav Republic of Macedonia, Hungary, Kosovo, Kuwait, and Iraq in support of various contingency operations. 
A dedicated and talented soldier-law-
yer, Colonel Sims held numerous posi-
tions of significant responsibility, cul-minating in his selection as the special assistant for strategy, plans, and capa-bilities within the Office of the Assist-ant Secretary of Defense for Legisla-tive Affairs. Some of the many other key positions Colonel Sims held prior to his final assignment include service as the staff judge advocate for the 25th Infantry Division in Iraq; the staff judge advocate for Combined Joint Interagency Task Force 435 in Afghani-stan; legal advisor to the inspector general of the Army, and deputy chief of the international and operational law branch at the office of the Judge Advocate General of the Army. A rec-ognized master military justice practi-tioner, COL Sims also served the Army and the Department of Defense as a distinguished jurist, sitting as a senior judge on the United States Army Court of Criminal Appeals and as an associate judge on the United States Court of Military Commission Review. 
I ask that you join me, our col-
leagues, and Colonel Sims’ many friends in saluting this distinguished officer’s many contributions and sac-rifices in the defense of our great Na-tion. It is fitting that the Senate today publicly recognizes his service and wishes him; his wife, Stacy; and their daughters, Heather and Rachel, health, happiness, and success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING EDGEWOOD 
CORPORATE PLAZA BUILDING 
∑Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, I 
wish to recognize an historic milestone in the city of Grand Forks, ND, the 100th anniversary of the Edgewood Cor-porate Plaza Building. 
The Edgewood Corporate Plaza Build-
ing, located on the corner of Fourth Street and DeMers Avenue in down-town Grand Forks, is a fixture in this city. Formerly known as the First Na-tional Bank Building, it is an impres-sive classical revival style structure of brick and stone on a sturdy polished granite base that covers two of its five stories. 
When the building opened in 1915, it 
was home to the Scandinavian Amer-ican Bank. It changed the face of down-town Grand Forks and helped spur westward growth toward the Univer-sity of North Dakota. The bank, later known as First National Bank, and its building remained an anchor of the downtown area. It was officially listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982 and is unofficially loved as the only building in the city with an escalator. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:33 Oct 06, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05OC6.007 S05OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7122 October 5, 2015 
Unfortunately, the devastating Red 
River flood in 1997 caused significant damage in Grand Forks. The bank building stood in 4 feet of floodwater while sustaining significant fire dam-age to its upper stories. Extensive re-habilitation has restored its beauty and function. Edgewood Real Estate In-vestment Trust and Edgewood Manage-ment Group purchased the building in 2012, and it is now the corporate office for Edgewood, which owns and operates more than 50 senior living communities and multifamily housing units across seven States. 
Downtown Grand Forks has redefined 
itself from its banking and retail hey-day; its historic structures are now home to office and residential spaces, entertainment venues, and boutique re-tail. The Edgewood Corporate Plaza Building stands as a tribute to the city’s history and a cornerstone for the bright future ahead. ∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING WILLIAM H. 
SAMPSEL 
∑Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, I wish 
to honor William H. Sampsel, a veteran of World War II. 
On behalf of all Montanans and all 
Americans, I stand to say thank you to William for his service to our Nation. It is my honor to share the story of William’s life and service—a story that most certainly won’t be forgotten and a story he perhaps wouldn’t have told himself. 
William, an extremely humble man, 
never asked to be placed on a pedestal; in fact it was his quiet service that is the landmark of his story. 
William was born in the midst of the 
Great Depression in January of 1925. His parents William H. and Marguerite Brennan Sampsel lived in Shenandoah, PA, at the time. His father, William H., was a meter reader with the Pennsyl-vania Power and Light Company and would later become a district manager. His mother, Marguerite, cared for five children. 
From a young age, William developed 
a strong work ethic that would serve him well throughout his life. He start-ed his first job at the age of 14, clearing forest land by hand, earning a modest wage of $1 a day. By the time he was off to college, he quadrupled his wage to $4 a day. 
William’s high school football coach, 
Al ‘‘Ali Baba’’ Barbartsky, a teammate of Vince Lombardi, helped make it pos-sible for William to attend the Univer-sity of Illinois on a football scholar-ship. Although William was a 180-pound guard for U of I’s football team, his true love was baseball. 
In 1943, William enlisted in the Army 
and was assigned to Fort Benning, GA, for basic training. The following year, he was sent to an infantry division at Camp McCain, MS. Shortly following, he was transferred to the 319th Combat Engineer Battalion, where he deployed to France in August of 1944 as an Army engineer. While in France on orders to contain 
a pocket of German soldiers in Lorient and St. Nazaire, he was wounded in battle. Toward the end of the war, he was promoted to second lieutenant and received a Purple Heart medal. 
Now, William never told his family 
about receiving a Purple Heart for his service. They found out after noticing his name on the Montana Purple Heart Memorial wall in Billings. But when asked about his prestigious award, he humbly described the incident as ‘‘just a little shrapnel’’. 
But this only speaks true to the man 
he was. 
After his service in the Army was up, 
William attended Penn State Univer-sity and graduated in 1949 with a de-gree in geology. He then was hired at Amerada Petroleum Co.—now known as Hess—in Tyler, TX. 
There he met his wife Christine Wal-
lis, and they were married in May of 1952. William and Christine moved to Regina, SK, Calgary, AB; and ulti-mately settled in Billings, MT, in 1961. William and Christine had two chil-dren—daughter, Priscilla, who now lives in Laurel, and son, Michael Wil-liam Sampsel, who lives in Tucson, Ar-izona. 
Outside of his accomplishments as a 
geologist, William loved to fish and is remembered for his love of the out-doors. 
William died on July 19, 2012. William always gave all he had to 
give, whether it was his knowledge, military service, or help to others in need. His life story is reflective of the dedicated, hard-working, and generous man folks knew. 
It is my honor to recognize William 
H. Sampsel’s bravery and service to the United States by presenting his family with his Purple Heart, in addition to a Good Conduct Medal, European-Afri-can-Middle Eastern Campaign Medal with four bronze service stars, World War II Victory Medal, Army of Occupa-tion Medal with Germany Clasp, Hon-orable Service Lapel Button WW II, and a sharpshooter badge and rifle bar. 
Our Nation is grateful for William’s 
service. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT 
Messages from the President of the 
United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED 
As in executive session the Presiding 
Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations, a treaty, and a withdrawal which were referred to the appropriate commit-tees. 
(The messages received today are 
printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
RECEIVED DURING ADJOURNMENT 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
Under the authority of the order of 
the Senate of January 6, 2015, the Sec-retary of the Senate, on October 2, 2015, during the adjournment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representatives announcing that the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. T
HORN -
BERRY ) has signed the following en-
rolled bill: 
H.R. 1624. An act to amend title I of the 
Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and title XXVII of the Public Health Service Act to revise the definition of small em-ployer. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
At 4:02 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 3457. An act to prohibit the lifting of 
sanctions on Iran until the Government of Iran pays the judgments against it for acts of terrorism, and for other purposes. 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
The President pro tempore (Mr. 
HATCH ) announced that on today, Octo-
ber 5, 2015, he had signed the following enrolled bill, previously signed by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. T
HORN -
BERRY ) of the House: 
H.R. 1624. An act to amend title I of the 
Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and title XXVII of the Public Health Service Act to revise the definition of small em-ployer. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED 
The following bill was read the first 
and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 3457. An act to prohibit the lifting of 
sanctions on Iran until the Government of Iran pays the judgments against it for acts of terrorism, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
f 
MEASURES READ THE FIRST TIME 
The following bills were read the first 
time: 
S. 2129. A bill making appropriations for 
Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, Energy and Water De-velopment, and Departments of Transpor-tation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related programs for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 2130. A bill making appropriations for 
Department of Defense, energy and water de-velopment, Department of Homeland Secu-rity, military construction, Department of Veterans Affairs, and Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
S. 2131. A bill making appropriations for 
Departments of Commerce and Justice, and Science, and Related Agencies and Depart-ment of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Oct 06, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05OC6.003 S05OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7123 October 5, 2015 
S. 2132. A bill making appropriations for fi-
nancial services and general government, Department of the Interior, environment, and Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and related 
programs for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER 
COMMUNICATIONS 
The following communications were 
laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–3066. A communication from the Execu-
tive Analyst (Political), Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a vacancy in the position of Administrator, Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Adminis-tration, Department of Health and Human Services, received in the office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on September 22, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–3067. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs, Department of Labor, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Government Contractors, Prohibi-tions Against Pay Secrecy Policies and Ac-tions; Final Rule’’ (RIN1250–AA06) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 15, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–3068. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Report to Congress Federal Traumatic Brain Injury Program, Fiscal Years 2011–2013’’; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–3069. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Current Good Manufacturing Practice, Hazard Analysis, and Risk-Based Preventive Controls for Food for Animals’’ ((RIN0910–AG10) (Docket No. FDA–2011–N– 0922)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 28, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–3070. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Current Good Manufacturing Practice, Hazard Analysis, and Risk-Based Preventive Controls for Human Food’’ (Docket No. FDA–2011–N–0920) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Sep-tember 28, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–3071. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Employee Services, Office of Per-sonnel Management, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Over-time Pay for Border Patrol Agents’’ (RIN3206–AN19) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 30, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–3072. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Employee Services, Office of Per-sonnel Management, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Man-aging Senior Executive Performance’’ (RIN3206–AM48) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 30, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–3073. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Planning and Policy Anal-ysis, Office of Personnel Management, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Employees Health Benefits Program Self Plus One Enrollment Type’’ (RIN3206–AN08) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 22, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–3074. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Office of Government Ethics, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Organization and Functions; Imple-mentation of Statutory Gift Acceptance Au-thority; Freedom of Information Act’’ (RIN3209–AA40; RIN3209–AA41; RIN3209–AA39) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 29, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
EC–3075. A communication from the Pro-
gram Manager, Information Sharing Envi-ronment, Office of the Director of National Intelligence, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘2015 Annual Report to the Congress on the Information Sharing Envi-ronment (ISE)’’; to the Select Committee on Intelligence. 
EC–3076. A communication from the Dep-
uty General Counsel, Government Con-tracting and Business Development, Small Business Administration, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Women-Owned Small Business Federal Con-tract Program’’ (RIN3245–AG72) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 30, 2015; to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship. 
EC–3077. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fish-eries of the Northeastern United States; Small-Mesh Multispecies Fishery; Adjust-ment to the Northern Red Hake Inseason Possession Limit’’ (RIN0648–XE094) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Sep-tember 23, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3078. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Small-Mesh Multispecies Fishery; Adjustment to the Northern Red Hake Inseason Possession Limit’’ (RIN0648–XE120) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 23, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3079. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Dusky Rockfish in the Western Regulatory Area of the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XE169) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on September 23, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3080. A communication from the Acting 
Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Several Groundfish Species in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Manage-ment Area’’ (RIN0648–XE144) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of 
the President of the Senate on September 23, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3081. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant 
to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fish-eries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Reallocation of Pollock in the Ber-ing Sea and Aleutian Islands’’ (RIN0648– XE143) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 23, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–3082. A communication from the Assist-
ant Administrator for Fisheries, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Com-merce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Pacific Island Fish-eries; 2015 Annual Catch Limits and Ac-countability Measures’’ (RIN0648–XD558) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 23, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3083. A communication from the Assist-
ant Administrator for Fisheries, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Com-merce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Revisions to Frame-work Adjustment 53 to the Northeast Multi-species Fishery Management Plan and Sec-tor Annual Catch Entitlements; Updated An-nual Catch Limits for Sectors and the Com-mon Pool for Fishing Year 2015’’ (RIN0648– XE015) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 23, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
EC–3084. A communication from the Direc-
tor, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fish-eries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area’’ (RIN0648–XE140) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on September 23, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. SASSE (for himself and Mrs. 
MCCASKILL ): 
S. 2128. A bill to require the Council of In-
spectors General on Integrity and Efficiency to submit to Congress a report on Inspector General mandates; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
By Mr. COCHRAN (for himself, Mr. 
M
ORAN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and Ms. C OL-
LINS): 
S. 2129. A bill making appropriations for 
Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, Energy and Water De-velopment, and Departments of Transpor-tation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related programs for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other pur-poses; read the first time. 
By Mr. COCHRAN (for himself, Mr. 
A
LEXANDER , Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. K IRK, 
and Mr. G RAHAM ): 
S. 2130. A bill making appropriations for 
Department of Defense, energy and water de-velopment, Department of Homeland Secu-rity, military construction, Department of Veterans Affairs, and Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; read the first time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:39 Oct 06, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05OC6.010 S05OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7124 October 5, 2015 
By Mr. COCHRAN (for himself, Mr. 
SHELBY , and Mr. H OEVEN ): 
S. 2131. A bill making appropriations for 
Departments of Commerce and Justice, and Science, and Related Agencies and Depart-ment of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; read the first time. 
By Mr. COCHRAN (for himself, Ms. 
M
URKOWSKI , and Mr. B LUNT ): 
S. 2132. A bill making appropriations for fi-
nancial services and general government, Department of the Interior, environment, and Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and related programs for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes; read the first time. 
By Mr. REID (for Mr. C
ARPER (for him-
self, Mr. T ILLIS , Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. 
JOHNSON , and Ms. B ALDWIN )): 
S. 2133. A bill to improve Federal agency fi-
nancial and administrative controls and pro-cedures to assess and mitigate fraud risks, and to improve Federal agencies’ develop-ment and use of data analytics for the pur-pose of identifying, preventing, and respond-ing to fraud, including improper payments; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
By Mr. TESTER (for himself and Mr. 
M
ORAN ): 
S. 2134. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot pro-gram to provide educational assistance to certain former members of the Armed Forces for education and training as physician as-sistants of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, to establish pay grades and require competitive pay for physician assistants of the Department, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. COTTON: 
S. 2135. A bill to address the liability of the 
Environmental Protection Agency relating to the Animas and San Juan Rivers spill; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. FRANKEN (for himself, Mr. 
HATCH , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. C OCHRAN , 
Mrs. F EINSTEIN , and Mr. D URBIN ): 
S. Res. 277. A resolution recognizing the 
month of October 2015 as ‘‘National Prin-cipals Month’’; considered and agreed to. 
By Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Mr. 
S
COTT, and Mr. D URBIN ): 
S. Con. Res. 21. A concurrent resolution au-
thorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for a ceremony to commemorate the 150th Anniversary of the ratification of the 13th Amendment; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 228 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the 
name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
228, a bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to provide for congres-sional and State approval of national monuments and restrictions on the use of national monuments. 
S. 429 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the 
name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 429, a bill to amend title XIX of the So-
cial Security Act to provide a standard definition of therapeutic foster care services in Medicaid. 
S. 441 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the 
name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 441, a bill to amend the Fed-eral Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to clarify the Food and Drug Administra-tion’s jurisdiction over certain tobacco products, and to protect jobs and small businesses involved in the sale, manu-facturing and distribution of tradi-tional and premium cigars. 
S. 553 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the 
name of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 553, a bill to marshal resources to undertake a concerted, trans-formative effort that seeks to bring an end to modern slavery, and for other purposes. 
S. 624 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the 
names of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) and the Senator from 
Maryland (Ms. M IKULSKI ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 624, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to waive coinsurance under Medicare for colorectal cancer screening tests, regardless of whether therapeutic intervention is required during the screening. 
S. 697 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , the 
name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr. J
OHNSON ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 697, a bill to amend the Toxic Sub-stances Control Act to reauthorize and modernize that Act, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 713 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , the 
name of the Senator from Maryland (Ms. M
IKULSKI ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 713, a bill to prevent inter-national violence against women, and for other purposes. 
S. 746 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , 
the name of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 746, a bill to provide for the es-tablishment of a Commission to Accel-erate the End of Breast Cancer. 
S. 890 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the 
name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
890, a bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to provide consistent and reliable authority for, and for the fund-ing of, the Land and Water Conserva-tion Fund to maximize the effective-ness of the Fund for future genera-tions, and for other purposes. 
S. 1056 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1056, a bill to eliminate racial profiling by law enforcement, and for other pur-poses. S. 1121 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1121, a bill to amend the Horse Protec-tion Act to designate additional unlaw-ful acts under the Act, strengthen pen-alties for violations of the Act, im-prove Department of Agriculture en-forcement of the Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 1252 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1252, a bill to authorize a comprehen-sive strategic approach for United States foreign assistance to developing countries to reduce global poverty and hunger, achieve food and nutrition se-curity, promote inclusive, sustainable, agricultural-led economic growth, im-prove nutritional outcomes, especially for women and children, build resil-ience among vulnerable populations, and for other purposes. 
S. 1319 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the 
name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. R
EID) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1319, a bill to validate final patent number 27–2005–0081, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1410 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the 
name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1410, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide grants to improve the treatment of substance use disorders. 
S. 1491 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1491, a bill to provide sensible relief to community financial institu-tions, to protect consumers, and for other purposes. 
S. 1493 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1493, a bill to provide for an in-crease, effective December 1, 2015, in the rates of compensation for veterans with service-connected disabilities and the rates of dependency and indemnity compensation for the survivors of cer-tain disabled veterans, and for other purposes. 
S. 1555 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the 
names of the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) and the Senator from 
Washington (Ms. C ANTWELL ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 1555, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, col-lectively, to the Filipino veterans of World War II, in recognition of the dedicated service of the veterans dur-ing World War II. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:39 Oct 06, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05OC6.013 S05OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7125 October 5, 2015 
S. 1559 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1559, a bill to protect vic-tims of domestic violence, sexual as-sault, stalking, and dating violence from emotional and psychological trauma caused by acts of violence or threats of violence against their pets. 
S. 1562 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr. J
OHNSON ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1562, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to reform tax-ation of alcoholic beverages. 
S. 1579 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the 
name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Mr. H
OEVEN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1579, a bill to enhance and integrate Native American tourism, empower Native American commu-nities, increase coordination and col-laboration between Federal tourism as-sets, and expand heritage and cultural tourism opportunities in the United States. 
S. 1622 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the name 
of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K IRK) 
was added as a cosponsor of S. 1622, a bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to de-vices. 
S. 1659 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the 
name of the Senator from Maryland (Ms. M
IKULSKI ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1659, a bill to amend the Vot-ing Rights Act of 1965 to revise the cri-teria for determining which States and political subdivisions are subject to section 4 of the Act, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1716 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the 
name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1716, a bill to provide access to higher education for the students of the United States. 
S. 1775 
At the request of Mr. M URPHY , the 
name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1775, a bill to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to ac-cept additional documentation when considering the application for vet-erans status of an individual who per-formed service as a coastwise merchant seaman during World War II, and for other purposes. 
S. 1867 
At the request of Mr. S HELBY , the 
names of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. B
URR) and the Senator from 
Missouri (Mr. B LUNT ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 1867, a bill to protect children from exploitation by pro-viding advance notice of intended trav-el by registered sex offenders outside the United States to the government of the country of destination, requesting foreign governments to notify the 
United States when a known sex of-fender is seeking to enter the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 1979 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
name of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1979, a bill to direct the Chief of Engineers to transfer an archae-ological collection, commonly referred to as the Kennewick Man or the An-cient One, to the Washington State De-partment of Archeology and Historic Preservation. 
S. 2032 
At the request of Mr. H OEVEN , the 
name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
2032, a bill to adopt the bison as the na-tional mammal of the United States. 
S. 2042 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
2042, a bill to amend the National Labor Relations Act to strengthen pro-tections for employees wishing to advo-cate for improved wages, hours, or other terms or conditions of employ-ment and to provide for stronger rem-edies for interference with these rights, and for other purposes. 
S. 2084 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name 
of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 2084, a bill to amend the National Labor Relations Act to modify the au-thority of the National Labor Rela-tions Board with respect to rule-making, issuance of complaints, and authority over unfair labor practices. 
S. 2090 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
2090, a bill to ensure that Social Secu-rity contributions made by workers are available to pay all benefits which they have earned. 
S. 2091 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the 
name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
2091, a bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to stimulate inter-national tourism to the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 2116 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
2116, a bill to improve certain programs of the Small Business Administration to better assist small business cus-tomers in accessing broadband tech-nology, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 148 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name 
of the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. F
ISCHER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
Res. 148, a resolution condemning the Government of Iran’s state-sponsored persecution of its Baha’i minority and its continued violation of the Inter-national Covenants on Human Rights. SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 277—RECOG-
NIZING THE MONTH OF OCTOBER 2015 AS ‘‘NATIONAL PRINCIPALS MONTH’’ 
Mr. FRANKEN (for himself, Mr. 
H
ATCH , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. C OCHRAN , 
Mrs. F EINSTEIN , and Mr. D URBIN ) sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 277 
Whereas the National Association of Sec-
ondary School Principals and the National Association of Elementary School Principals have declared the month of October 2015 to be ‘‘National Principals Month’’; 
Whereas principals are educational vision-
aries, instructional and assessment leaders, disciplinarians, community builders, budget analysts, facilities managers, and adminis-trators of legal and contractual obligations; 
Whereas principals work collaboratively 
with teachers and parents to develop and im-plement a clear mission, high curriculum standards, and performance goals; 
Whereas principals create school environ-
ments that facilitate great teaching and learning and continuous school improve-ment; 
Whereas the vision, actions, and dedication 
of principals provide the mobilizing force be-hind any school reform effort; and 
Whereas the celebration of National Prin-
cipals Month would honor elementary school, middle school, and high school prin-cipals, and recognize the importance of prin-cipals in ensuring that every child has access to a high-quality education: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) recognizes the month of October 2015 as 
‘‘National Principals Month’’; and 
(2) honors the contribution of principals in 
the elementary schools, middle schools, and high schools of the United States by sup-porting the goals and ideals of National Principals Month. 
f 
SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-
TION 21—AUTHORIZING THE USE OF EMANCIPATION HALL IN THE CAPITOL VISITOR CENTER FOR A CEREMONY TO COMMEMORATE THE 150TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE RATIFICATION OF THE 13TH AMENDMENT 
Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Mr. S
COTT, 
and Mr. D URBIN ) submitted the fol-
lowing concurrent resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Rules and Administration: 
S. C ON. RES. 21 
Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-
resentatives concurring), 
SECTION 1. USE OF EMANCIPATION HALL FOR 
CEREMONY TO COMMEMORATE THE 150TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE RATIFI-CATION OF THE 13TH AMENDMENT. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION .—Emancipation Hall in 
the Capitol Visitor Center is authorized to be used on July 8, 2015, for a ceremony to com-memorate the 150th Anniversary of the rati-fication of the 13th Amendment to the Con-stitution of the United States, which abol-ished slavery in the United States. 
(b) P
REPARATIONS .—Physical preparations 
for the conduct of the ceremony described in subsection (a) shall be carried out in accord-ance with such conditions as may be pre-scribed by the Architect of the Capitol. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:39 Oct 06, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05OC6.015 S05OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7126 October 5, 2015 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 2707. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Mr. 
VITTER , and Ms. H IRONO ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2116, to improve certain pro-grams of the Small Business Administration to better assist small business customers in accessing broadband technology, and for other purposes; which was referred to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepre-neurship. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 2707. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, 
Mr. V ITTER , and Ms. H IRONO ) submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 2116, to improve 
certain programs of the Small Business Administration to better assist small business customers in accessing broadband technology, and for other purposes; which was referred to the Committee on Small Business and En-trepreneurship; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-
sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Small Busi-
ness Broadband and Emerging Information Technology Enhancement Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) According to a report by the Federal 
Communications Commission entitled ‘‘Con-necting America: The National Broadband Plan’’, dated March 2010, the Commission recommends that— 
(A) ‘‘To fully implement next-generation 
technology within its operations, the SBA should also appoint a broadband and emerg-ing IT coordinator. This individual would en-sure that SBA programs maintain the req-uisite broadband expertise, tools and train-ing courses to serve small businesses.’’; 
(B) ‘‘Congress should consider ways to le-
verage existing assistance provided through’’ entrepreneurial development programs, ‘‘to focus training on advanced IT and broadband applications’’; 
(C) ‘‘Congress could also consider ways to 
support technology training among women entrepreneurs through’’ women’s business centers; 
(D) ‘‘The training programs should include 
an entry-level ‘Broadband 101’ course to give small businesses an introduction to how to capitalize on broadband connectivity, as well as more advanced applications for IT staff.’’; and 
(E) small and medium enterprise ‘‘IT train-
ing should include resources for non-IT staff, such as how to use e-commerce tools for sales, streamline finance with online records or leverage knowledge management across an organization.’’. 
(2) According to a report by the Broadband 
Opportunity Council, dated August 20, 2015, the availability of and access to broadband technology enables— 
(A) greater civic participation, by pro-
viding tools for open government and streamlining government process; 
(B) changes in how people access edu-
cational resources, collaborate in the edu-cational process, conduct research, and con-tinue to learn anytime, anyplace, and at any pace; 
(C) improved healthcare access, treat-
ments, and information; 
(D) new business models that create busi-
ness efficiencies, drive job creation, and con-nect manufacturers and store-fronts to cli-ents and partners worldwide; and (E) bringing communities together and im-
provements to public safety, creating a greener planet, and make transportation sys-tems more resilient and efficient. 
(3) According to a report entitled ‘‘The 
State of the App Economy’’, dated October 2014— 
(A) ‘‘More than three-quarters of the high-
est grossing apps are produced by startups and small companies.’’; and 
(B) ‘‘Seventy-eight percent of the leading 
app companies are located outside Silicon Valley.’’. 
(4) According to a report entitled, ‘‘Devel-
oper Economics Q1 2015: State of the Devel-oper Nation’’, dated February 2015, ‘‘The emergence of the app industry over the past eight years has grown to a $120 billion econ-omy.’’. 
SEC. 3. BROADBAND AND EMERGING INFORMA-
TION TECHNOLOGY COORDINATOR. 
The Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 631 et 
seq.) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating section 47 as section 
48; and 
(2) by inserting after section 46 the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 47. BROADBAND AND EMERGING INFORMA-
TION TECHNOLOGY. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— 
‘‘(1) the term ‘Associate Administrator’ 
means the Associate Administrator for the Office of Investment and Innovation; and 
‘‘(2) the term ‘broadband and emerging in-
formation technology coordinator’ means the employee designated to carry out the broadband and emerging information tech-nology coordination responsibilities of the Administration under subsection (b)(1). 
‘‘(b) A
SSIGNMENT OF COORDINATOR .— 
‘‘(1) A SSIGNMENT OF COORDINATOR .—The As-
sociate Administrator shall designate a sen-ior employee of the Office of Investment and Innovation to serve as the broadband and emerging information technology coordi-
nator, who— 
‘‘(A) shall report to the Associate Adminis-
trator; 
‘‘(B) shall work in coordination with— ‘‘(i) the chief information officer, the chief 
technology officer, and the head of the Office of Technology of the Administration; and 
‘‘(ii) any other Associate Administrator of 
the Administration determined appropriate by the Associate Administrator; 
‘‘(C) has experience developing and imple-
menting telecommunications policy in the private sector or government; and 
‘‘(D) has demonstrated significant experi-
ence in the area of broadband or emerging information technology. 
‘‘(2) R
ESPONSIBILITIES OF COORDINATOR .— 
The broadband and emerging information technology coordinator shall— 
‘‘(A) coordinate programs of the Adminis-
tration that assist small business concerns in adopting, making innovations in, and using broadband and other emerging infor-mation technologies; 
‘‘(B) serve as the primary liaison of the Ad-
ministration to other Federal agencies in-volved in broadband and emerging informa-tion technology policy, including the Depart-ment of Commerce, the Department of Agri-culture, and the Federal Communications Commission; 
‘‘(C) identify best practices relating to 
broadband and emerging information tech-nology that may benefit small business con-cerns; and 
‘‘(D) identify and catalog tools and train-
ing available through the resource partners of the Administration that assist small busi-ness concerns in adopting, making innova-tions in, and using broadband and emerging technologies. 
‘‘(3) T
RAVEL .—Not more than 20 percent of 
the hours of service by the broadband and emerging information technology coordi-
nator during any fiscal year shall consist of travel outside the United States to perform official duties. 
‘‘(c) B
ROADBAND AND EMERGING TECH-
NOLOGY TRAINING .— 
‘‘(1) T RAINING .—The Associate Adminis-
trator shall provide to employees of the Ad-ministration training that— 
‘‘(A) familiarizes employees of the Admin-
istration with broadband and other emerging information technologies; 
‘‘(B) includes— ‘‘(i) instruction on counseling small busi-
ness concerns regarding adopting, making innovations in, and using broadband and other emerging information technologies; and 
‘‘(ii) information on programs of the Fed-
eral Government that provide assistance to small business concerns relating to broadband and emerging information tech-nologies; and 
‘‘(C) to maximum extent practicable, uses 
the tools and training cataloged and identi-fied under subsection (b)(2)(D). 
‘‘(2) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as are necessary to carry out this sub-section. 
‘‘(d) R
EPORTS .— 
‘‘(1) B IENNIAL REPORT ON ACTIVITIES .—Not 
later than 2 years after the date on which the Associate Administrator makes the first designation of an employee under subsection (b), and every 2 years thereafter, the broadband and emerging information tech-nology coordinator shall submit to the Com-mittee on Small Business and Entrepreneur-ship of the Senate and the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representa-tives a report regarding the programs and activities of the Administration relating to broadband and other emerging information technologies. 
‘‘(2) I
MPACT OF BROADBAND SPEED AND PRICE  
ON SMALL BUSINESSES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to appropria-
tions, the Chief Counsel for Advocacy shall conduct a study evaluating the impact of broadband speed and price on small business concerns. 
‘‘(B) R
EPORT .—Not later than 3 years after 
the date of enactment of the Small Business Broadband and Emerging Information Tech-nology Enhancement Act of 2015, the Chief Counsel for Advocacy shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce and the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives a report on the re-sults of the study under subparagraph (A), including— 
‘‘(i) a survey of broadband speeds available 
to small business concerns; 
‘‘(ii) a survey of the cost of broadband 
speeds available to small business concerns; 
‘‘(iii) a survey of the type of broadband 
technology used by small business concerns; and 
‘‘(iv) any policy recommendations that 
may improve the access of small business concerns to comparable broadband services at comparable rates in all regions of the United States.’’. 
SEC. 4. ENTREPRENEURIAL DEVELOPMENT. 
Section 21(c)(3)(B) of the Small Business 
Act (15 U.S.C. 648(c)(3)(B)) is amended— 
(1) in the matter preceding clause (i), by 
inserting ‘‘accessing broadband and other emerging information technology,’’ after ‘‘technology transfer,’’; 
(2) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; 
(3) in clause (iii), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:39 Oct 06, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05OC6.019 S05OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7127 October 5, 2015 
(4) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(iv) increasing the competitiveness and 
productivity of small business concerns by assisting entrepreneurs in accessing broadband and other emerging information technology;’’. 
f 
NOTICES OF INTENT TO OBJECT 
TO PROCEEDING 
I, Senator T OMCOTTON , intend to ob-
ject to proceeding to the nomination of Cassandra Q. Butts, to be ambassador to the Commonwealth of The Bahamas, dated October 5, 2015. 
I, Senator T
OMCOTTON , intend to ob-
ject to proceeding to the nomination of Samuel D. Heins, to be ambassador to the Kingdom of Norway, dated October 5, 2015. 
I, Senator T
OMCOTTON , intend to ob-
ject to proceeding to the nomination of Azita Raji, to be ambassador to the Kingdom of Sweden, dated October 5, 2015. 
f 
NATIONAL PRINCIPALS MONTH 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 277, which was sub-mitted earlier today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 277) recognizing the 
month of October 2015 as ‘‘National Prin-cipals Month.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 277) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
REMOVAL OF INJUNCTION OF SE-
CRECY—TREATY DOCUMENT NO. 114–3 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, as 
in executive session, I ask unanimous consent that the injunction of secrecy be removed from the following treaty transmitted to the Senate on October 5, 2015, by the President of the United States: Treaty with Algeria on Mutual Legal Assistance in Criminal Matters, Treaty Document No. 114–3. I further ask that the treaty be considered as having been read the first time; that it be referred, with accompanying papers, to the Committee on Foreign Relations and ordered to be printed; and that the President’s message be printed in the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The message of the President is as 
follows: 
To the Senate of the United States: 
With a view to receiving the advice 
and consent of the Senate to ratifica-tion, I transmit herewith the Treaty between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of the People’s Democratic Republic of Algeria on Mutual Legal Assistance in Criminal Matters, signed at Algiers on April 7, 2010. I also transmit, for the in-formation of the Senate, the report of the Department of State with respect to the Treaty. The Treaty is one of a series of modern mutual legal assist-ance treaties negotiated by the United States to more effectively counter criminal activities. The Treaty should enhance our ability to investigate and prosecute a wide variety of crimes. 
The Treaty provides for a broad 
range of cooperation in criminal mat-ters. Under the Treaty, the Parties agree to assist each other by, among other things: producing evidence (such as testimony, documents, or items) ob-tained voluntarily or, where necessary, by compulsion; arranging for persons, including persons in custody, to travel to provide evidence; serving docu-ments; executing searches and seizures; locating and identifying persons or items; and freezing and forfeiting as-sets or property that may be the pro-ceeds or instrumentalities of crime. 
I recommend the Senate give early 
and favorable consideration to the Treaty, and give its advice and consent to ratification. 
B
ARACK OBAMA .
THEWHITE HOUSE , October 5, 2015. 
f 
APPOINTMENT 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Chair, on behalf of the President pro tempore, and in consultation with the chairman of the Senate Committee on Finance, pursuant to Public Law 103– 296, reappoints the following individual as a member of the Social Security Ad-visory Board: Mr. Jagadeesh Gokhale of Pennsylvania. 
f 
MEASURES READ THE FIRST 
TIME—S. 2129, S. 2130, S. 2131, AND S. 2132 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
understand there are four bills at the desk, and I ask for their first reading en bloc. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will read the bills by title for the first time en bloc. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (S. 2129) making appropriations for 
Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, Energy and Water De-velopment, and Departments of Transpor-tation, and Housing and Urban Development, and related programs for the fiscal year end-ing September 30, 2016, and for other pur-poses. A bill (S. 2130) making appropriations for 
Department of Defense, energy and water de-velopment, Department of Homeland Secu-rity, military construction, Department of Veterans Affairs, and Department of State, foreign operations, and related programs for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
A bill (S. 2131) making appropriations for 
Departments of Commerce and Justice, and Science, and Related Agencies and Depart-ment of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
A bill (S. 2132) making appropriations for 
financial services and general government, Department of the Interior, environment, and Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and related programs for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I now ask for a 
second reading, and I object to my own request, all en bloc. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion having been heard, the bills will receive their second reading on the next legislative day. 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, OCTOBER 
6, 2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 12 noon on Tuesday, Oc-tober 6; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consider-ation of the conference report to ac-company H.R. 1735, with the time until 1 p.m. equally divided between the two leaders or their designees; finally, that the mandatory quorum call under rule XXII be waived with respect to the clo-ture vote on the conference report to accompany H.R. 1735. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL TOMORROW 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, if 
there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 7:02 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, October 6, 2015, at 12 noon. 
f 
NOMINATIONS 
Executive nominations received by 
the Senate: 
DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE  
STEVEN MICHAEL HARO, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE AN AS-
SISTANT SECRETARY OF COMMERCE, VICE MARGARET LOUISE CUMMISKY, RESIGNED. 
DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY  
JOHN FRANCIS KOTEK, OF IDAHO, TO BE AN ASSISTANT 
SECRETARY OF ENERGY (NUCLEAR ENERGY), VICE PETER BRUCE LYONS, RESIGNED. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
TODD C. CHAPMAN, OF TEXAS, A CAREER MEMBER OF 
THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER– COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF ECUADOR. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:15 Oct 06, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A05OC6.020 S05OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7128 October 5, 2015 
MATTHEW JOHN MATTHEWS, OF OREGON, A CAREER 
MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER–COUNSELOR, FOR THE RANK OF AMBASSADOR DURING HIS TENURE OF SERVICE AS UNITED STATES SENIOR OFFICIAL FOR THE ASIA–PACIFIC ECONOMIC CO-OPERATION (APEC) FORUM. 
OFFICE OF SPECIAL COUNSEL  
CAROLYN N. LERNER, OF MARYLAND, TO BE SPECIAL 
COUNSEL, OFFICE OF SPECIAL COUNSEL, FOR THE TERM OF FIVE YEARS. (REAPPOINTMENT) 
DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS  
MICHAEL JOSEPH MISSAL, OF MARYLAND, TO BE IN-
SPECTOR GENERAL, DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS, VICE GEORGE J. OPFER, RESIGNED. IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE 
ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
MICHAEL A. BLAINE 
f 
CONFIRMATION 
Executive nomination confirmed by 
the Senate October 5, 2015: 
THE JUDICIARY  
DALE A. DROZD, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE UNITED 
STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA. WITHDRAWAL 
Executive Message transmitted by 
the President to the Senate on October 5, 2015 withdrawing from further Sen-ate consideration the following nomi-nation: 
BEVERLY ANGELA SCOTT, OF OHIO, TO BE A MEMBER 
OF THE NATIONAL TRANSPORTATION SAFETY BOARD FOR A TERM EXPIRING DECEMBER 31, 2019, VICE MARK R. ROSEKIND, RESIGNED, WHICH WAS SENT TO THE SENATE ON JULY 30, 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:39 Oct 06, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A05OC6.001 S05OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1421 October 5, 2015 
RECOGNIZING THE REPUBLIC OF 
CHINA’S NATIONAL DAY 
HON. VIRGINIA FOXX 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, October 5, 2015 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-
ognize the National Day of the Republic of China, also known as Taiwan. October 10 marks 104 years since the beginning of the Wuchang uprising and the eventual establish-ment of the Republic of China on January 1st, 1912. 
The United States is fortunate to have Tai-
wan as a trusted ally, and our countries’ mu-tual interests and shared democratic values continue to strengthen our relationship. The success of Taiwan’s democratic society is a testament to the benefits of free enterprise in a strong civil society. 
It is important that Taiwan have opportuni-
ties to contribute to the global community by gaining observer status in organizations, such as the United Nations and the International Criminal Police Organization. Allowing Taiwan access to these groups’ resources will improve international cooperation and help combat international criminal enterprises. 
My best wishes to the Taiwanese people as 
they mark National Day and celebrate their vi-brant democracy. 
f 
MR. GEORGE AIGEN 
HON. AUSTIN SCOTT 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, October 5, 2015 
Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I would like to recognize Mr. George Aigen today for his ninetieth birthday. As a veteran of World War II, he has been a leader in his community, and revered for his service and sacrifice to our great nation. 
Seventy one years ago, Mr. Aigen was 
drafted into the Army as a corporal in the 1269th Engineer Combat Battalion. At the age of nineteen, he had experienced much fighting and witnessed horrible atrocities while serving in Europe. In 1945, as the war drew to a close, Mr. Aigen was among the first soldiers to liberate the prisoners of Dachau, one of the oldest Nazi concentration camps. 
In his community, Mr. Aigen has spoken to 
schools, universities, and countless organiza-tions about the horrors committed by the Nazis and the importance of military service. His dedication to our country has been com-memorated across Georgia from the Valdosta community to the state capitol. Mr. Aigen’s story has been archived at the Library of Con-gress and televised by Georgia Public Broad-casting. 
Through his actions, service, and commu-
nity involvement, Mr. Aigen has demonstrated that he is a leader, a mentor, and a hero. I am humbled to honor him and his legacy as our 
nation’s servicemen and servicewomen secure our freedoms for future generations. 
f 
COMMEMORATING DOUBLE TEN 
DAY, TAIWAN’S NATIONAL DAY 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, October 5, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to advise the House that this Saturday, October 10, is Double Ten Day, Taiwan’s na-tional day. 
I urge all Members to join me in congratu-
lating the people of Taiwan on this momen-tous occasion. 
Our great friend in Asia, Taiwan, will be 
celebrating its 104th anniversary on October 10. Also known as Double Ten Day since it falls on the 10th day of the 10th month, this is Taiwan’s National Day and is revered and celebrated in the same fashion as we do the Fourth of July here in America. 
Mr. Speaker, Taiwan today is a multi-party 
democracy with a strong economy that is working to ease tensions with Mainland China, while preserving both its political existence and its vibrant national life. 
This Double Ten Day marks the 102nd anni-
versary of China’s Wuchang Uprising, a sig-nificant development in the Xinhai Revolution. 
Mr. Speaker, Taiwan and my home city of 
Houston have shared a special bond since 1961 with the establishment of the sister-city relationship between Houston and Taipei. 
For more than 50 years, economic, cultural, 
and educational exchanges between these sister cities, and between the United States and Taiwan have flourished, aided significantly by the ease of travel resulting from com-mencement in June 2015 of direct flights be-tween Houston and Taipei on EVA Airway, a Taiwanese airline company. 
Mr. Speaker, Taiwan has been a great 
friend and partner of the United States, and I have no doubt that this important relationship will continue to be a source of strength to our peoples as this new century continues to un-fold. 
I congratulate the people of Taiwan as they 
commemorate Double Ten Day. 
f 
RECOGNIZING CHARLES F. 
SANCHEZ 
HON. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, October 5, 2015 
Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New 
Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Charles F. Sanchez, a devoted hus-band, father and distinguished World War II Veteran. Charles was born on November 11, 1918 in 
Albuquerque, New Mexico. He is a graduate of Albuquerque High School and briefly at-tended the University of New Mexico. He mar-ried the love of his life, Mary F. Lucero, be-coming proud parents of six children: Bernie S. Sanchez, Charles E. Sanchez, Sylvia L. Sanchez Wortzman, Paul A. Sanchez, Elaine M. Sanchez Fordice and David G. Sanchez. 
Corporal Charles F. Sanchez served in the 
United States Army’s 200th Coast Artillery Anti-Aircraft Regiment. In August 1941, he left Albuquerque to serve his country at Clark Air Base, located in the Philippines. Shortly after the Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor on De-cember 7, 1941, Clark Air Base was attacked. 
Charles’ Regiment, led by General Edward 
P. King, fought bravely against the Japanese assaults in the Bataan Peninsula. However, after several months of fighting and with low supplies, General King surrendered and Charles became one of the tens of thousands 
of prisoners who endured the infamous Ba-taan Death March to Camp O’Donnell. 
Prisoners endured physical abuse, received 
little food or water, and many were executed along the way. Thousands of Filipino and American prisoners died before they reached Camp O’Donnell in what would become known as one of the most heinous Japanese war crimes. Charles and his first cousin, Herman Tafoya—whom Charles assisted along the way, survived against all odds and completed the 60 mile ordeal. 
As a prisoner of war, the Japanese forced 
Charles and his work group to transport am-munition inland into churches where the Japa-nese thought that it would be safe from U.S. attacks. After that, he was sent to Cabanatuan Prisoner of War Camp where he was required to move and bury bodies. In September 1945, Charles and a friend, Manuel Archuleta from Blanco, New Mexico, were placed on a freight ship to Japan. Conditions were so poor that there was no room to sit or lie down and Charles and Manuel tied themselves together with their belts to keep from falling. 
After the Japanese surrendered on August 
15, 1945—approximately 4 years since he was first deployed to the Philippines—Charles was freed and taken back to the United States. Later that year, Charles finally returned to his home state of New Mexico where he was reunited with his loving family. 
Charles F. Sanchez will always be known 
by his friends and family for the sacrifices he bravely made for his country. It is my sincere honor to preserve his story in the Congres-sional Record, so everyone may remember and take pride in the life of one of New Mexi-co’s greatest sons. 
f 
JACKIE COLLINS: TRAILBLAZER 
HON. MICHAEL G. FITZPATRICK 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, October 5, 2015 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, Jackie Col-
lins said she had lived life like Frank Sinatra. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:01 Oct 06, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K05OC8.001 E05OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1422 October 5, 2015 
‘‘Looking back, I’m not sorry about anything I 
did. I did it my way, as Frank Sinatra would say.’’ said the bestselling author, in a maga-zine interview shortly before she passed away, September 19, 2015, two weeks before her 78th birthday. She had been diagnosed with stage 4 breast cancer more than six years be-fore her death but kept her illness almost en-tirely to herself. She reportedly only informed her sister, Joan, two weeks before she died. Jackie wrote five books since the initial diag-nosis. She continued to travel all over the world and never turned down a book tour. She flew from Los Angeles to London to appear on a TV chat show only nine days before her death. She refused to let her cancer define her. 
October is Breast Cancer Awareness 
Month—a time to recognize breast cancer as the most common cancer among women and to honor those fighters, survivors and families it impacts. Best-selling author Jackie Collins was among those fighters. 
While Collins’ name might be one we recog-
nize, her story of struggle and perseverance is universal. Women from across our nation and around the globe battle breast cancer every day. In fact, The American Cancer Society’s estimates nearly 300,000 new cases of breast cancer will be diagnosed in the United States this year; resulting in over 40,000 deaths. That equates to one woman out of every eight women receiving this dreadful diagnosis. And for them the battle will not end when October ends. 
As the son and brother of breast cancer sur-
vivors, I understand the importance of breast cancer awareness beyond the pink ribbons. We must support doctors and nurses as they provide the care and comfort for those it ef-fects. In Congress, our leaders must prioritize funding for ground breaking research and enact common-sense measures to increase availability of and access to life-saving screenings. Jackie Collins was listed as the UK’s fifth richest author and in 2013 she was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire. 
The fight against breast cancer extends to 
all of us. No one is immune. Jackie was con-sidered an inspiration and a trail blazer for women in fiction. A mother of three daughters and grandmother of six, Collins said her family had always been her greatest love. ‘‘I love being with my family . . . and watching my grandkids play.’’ This Breast Cancer Aware-ness Month we remember those fighters—like Jackie Collins—mothers, grandmothers, aunts and sisters. We celebrate survivors and we re-commit to combatting—and ultimately defeat-ing—this disease. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE ONE YEAR AN-
NIVERSARY OF THE AMERICAN VETERANS DISABLED FOR LIFE MEMORIAL 
HON. LOIS FRANKEL 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, October 5, 2015 
Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to recognize the one year anniver-sary of the dedication of the American Vet-erans Disabled for Life Memorial, a permanent reminder of the enduring sacrifices of our na-tion’s veterans. The memorial was dedicated 
on October 5, 2014 to honor the more than 3.6 million men and women currently living with service-related disabilities. 
As a result of their service, many veterans 
are left permanently injured, ill or disabled. These men and women must face the chal-lenges of living with visible and invisible bur-dens every day. Nearly 20 years ago, my friend and constituent Ms. Lois Pope, asked Art Wilson, National Adjutant of the Disabled American Veterans, if there is a place in Washington, D.C. where we honor disabled veterans. When Art responded that there was no such thing, Ms. Pope replied, ‘‘We need to change that.’’ Years later, thanks to the tire-less work of Ms. Pope and the rest of the ad-vocates at the Disabled Veterans’ Life Memo-rial Foundation, this monument now ensures that we will never forget the sacrifices made by members of the United States Armed Forces. 
I would also like to recognize broad support 
across Congress for honoring disabled vet-erans on October 5th of each year. The anni-versary of the memorial’s dedication provides an opportunity to express appreciation for the men and women who suffer from service-con-nected disabilities and to recognize their en-during struggles. Today, October 5, 2015, a screening of the documentary film ‘‘Debt of Honor’’ in Washington, D.C. will depict the re-alities of living with wartime sacrifices. This film will debut on national television on No-vember 10th on PBS. 
As the mother of a veteran myself, I want to 
thank all of the veterans living with disabilities for their sacrifices and assure them that they will not be forgotten. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DAVID G. REICHERT 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, October 5, 2015 
Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, on roll call 
#533, I was unavoidably detained. 
Had I been present, I would have voted yes. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS 
Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, 
agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. 
As an additional procedure along 
with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  
on Monday and Wednesday of each week. 
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, Oc-
tober 6, 2015 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
OCTOBER 7 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
To hold hearings to examine Iranian in-
fluence in Iraq and the case of Camp Liberty. 
SH–216 
Committee on Environment and Public 
Works 
To hold an oversight hearing to examine 
the Nuclear Regulatory Commission. 
SD–406 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Departments of Labor, 
Health and Human Services, and Edu-cation, and Related Agencies 
To hold hearings to examine the Na-
tional Institutes of Health, focusing on investing in a healthier future. 
SD–124 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
To hold hearings to examine removing 
barriers to wireless broadband deploy-ment. 
SR–253 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
Business meeting to consider S. 708, to 
establish an independent advisory com-mittee to review certain regulations, S. 1607, to affirm the authority of the President to require independent regu-latory agencies to comply with regu-latory analysis requirements applica-ble to executive agencies, S. 1818, to amend title 5, United States Code, to reform the rule making process of agencies, S. 1820, to require agencies to publish an advance notice of proposed rule making for major rules, S. 1817, to improve the effectiveness of major rules in accomplishing their regulatory objectives by promoting retrospective review, S. 1873, to strengthen account-ability for deployment of border secu-rity technology at the Department of Homeland Security, S. 2021, to prohibit Federal agencies and Federal contrac-tors from requesting that an applicant for employment disclose criminal his-tory record information before the ap-plicant has received a conditional offer, S. Res. 104, to express the sense of the Senate regarding the success of Operation Streamline and the impor-tance of prosecuting first time illegal border crossers, S. 2093, to provide that the Secretary of Transportation shall have sole authority to appoint Federal Directors to the Board of Directors of the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority, H.R. 998, to estab-lish the conditions under which the Secretary of Homeland Security may establish preclearance facilities, con-duct preclearance operations, and pro-vide customs services outside the United States, H.R. 322, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 16105 Swingley Ridge Road in Chesterfield, Missouri, as the ‘‘Sgt. Zachary M. Fisher Post Office’’, H.R. 323, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 55 Grasso Plaza in St. Louis, Missouri, as the ‘‘Sgt. Amanda N. Pinson Post Office’’, H.R. 324, to designate the facil-ity of the United States Postal Service located at 11662 Gravois Road in St. Louis, Missouri, as the ‘‘Lt. Daniel P. Riordan Post Office’’, H.R. 558, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 55 South Pio-neer Boulevard in Springboro, Ohio, as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:47 Oct 06, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05OC8.004 E05OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1423 October 5, 2015 
the ‘‘Richard ‘Dick’ Chenault Post Of-
fice Building’’, H.R. 1442, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 90 Cornell Street in Kingston, New York, as the ‘‘Staff Ser-geant Robert H. Dietz Post Office Building’’, H.R. 1884, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 206 West Commer-cial Street in East Rochester, New York, as the ‘‘Officer Daryl R. Pierson Memorial Post Office Building’’, H.R. 3059, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4500 SE 28th Street, Del City, Okla-homa, as the James Robert Kalsu Post Office Building, an original bill enti-tled, ‘‘Directing Dollars to Disaster Re-lief Act of 2015’’, an original bill enti-tled, ‘‘Inspector General Mandates Re-porting Act of 2015’’, and an original bill entitled, ‘‘Fraud Reduction and Data Analytics Act of 2015’’. 
SD–342 
Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Antitrust, Competition 
Policy and Consumer Rights 
To hold hearings to examine S. 2102, to 
amend the Clayton Act and the Federal Trade Commission Act to provide that the Federal Trade Commission shall exercise authority with respect to mergers only under the Clayton Act and only in the same procedural man-ner as the Attorney General exercises such authority. 
SD–226 
11 a.m. 
Committee on Small Business and Entre-
preneurship 
Business meeting to consider S. 1811, to 
require the Administrator of the Small Business Administration to establish a program to make loans to certain busi-nesses, homeowners, and renters af-fected by Superstorm Sandy, S. 2116, to improve certain programs of the Small Business Administration to better as-sist small business customers in ac-cessing broadband technology, S. 2126, to reauthorize the women’s business center program of the Small Business Administration, an original bill enti-tled, ‘‘Small Contractors Improve Com-petition Act of 2015’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Small Business Subcon-tracting Transparency Act of 2015’’, and an original bill entitled, ‘‘Improv-ing Small Business Innovative Re-search and Technologies Act of 2015’’. 
SR–428A 
2:15 p.m. 
Committee on Indian Affairs 
Business meeting to consider S. 1579, to 
enhance and integrate Native Amer-ican tourism, empower Native Amer-ican communities, increase coordina-tion and collaboration between Federal tourism assets, and expand heritage and cultural tourism opportunities in the United States, and H.R. 487, to allow the Miami Tribe of Oklahoma to lease or transfer certain lands; to be immediately followed by a hearing to examine S. 817, to provide for the addi-tion of certain real property to the res-ervation of the Siletz Tribe in the State of Oregon, S. 818, to amend the Grand Ronde Reservation Act to make technical corrections, S. 1436, to re-quire the Secretary of the Interior to take land into trust for certain Indian tribes, S. 1761, to take certain Federal land located in Lassen County, Cali-fornia, into trust for the benefit of the Susanville Indian Rancheria, S. 1822, to take certain Federal land located in Tuolumne County, California, into trust for the benefit of the Tuolumne 
Band of Me-Wuk Indians, S. 1986, to provide for a land conveyance in the State of Nevada, and H.R. 387, to pro-vide for certain land to be taken into trust for the benefit of Morongo Band of Mission Indians. 
SD–628 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Foreign Relations Subcommittee on East Asia, the Pacific, 
and International Cybersecurity Policy 
To hold hearings to examine the North 
Korea threat and United States policy. 
SD–419 
Special Committee on Aging 
To hold hearings to examine if the Fed-
eral Government is doing enough to protect seniors from identity theft. 
SD–562 
OCTOBER 8 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
To hold hearings to examine Russian 
strategy and military operations. 
SH–216 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine H.R. 2898, to 
provide drought relief in the State of California, S. 1894, to provide short- term water supplies to drought-strick-en California, S. 1936, to provide for drought preparedness measures in the State of New Mexico, S. 1583, to au-thorize the expansion of an existing hy-droelectric project, S. 2046, to author-ize the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to issue an order con-tinuing a stay of a hydroelectric li-cense for the Mahoney Lake hydro-electric project in the State of Alaska, and S. 2083, to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project. 
SD–366 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
Subcommittee on Consumer Protection, 
Product Safety, Insurance, and Data Security 
To hold hearings to examine consumer 
product safety and the recall process. 
SR–253 
Committee on Foreign Relations 
Business meeting to consider S. 1933, to 
establish a comprehensive United States Government policy to encourage the efforts of countries in sub-Saharan Africa to develop an appropriate mix of power solutions, including renewable energy, for more broadly distributed electricity access in order to support poverty reduction, promote develop-ment outcomes, and drive economic growth, S. 1789, to improve defense co-operation between the United States and the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan, and the nominations of Jennifer Ann Haverkamp, of Indiana, to be Assistant Secretary of State for Oceans and International Environmental and Sci-entific Affairs, and Roberta S. Jacobson, of Maryland, to be Ambas-sador to the United Mexican States, both of the Department of State. 
SD–419 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine threats to 
the homeland. 
SD–342 
Committee on the Judiciary 
Business meeting to consider S. 1814, to 
withhold certain Federal funding from sanctuary cities, and S. 2123, to reform 
sentencing laws and correctional insti-tutions. 
SD–226 
2 p.m. 
Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on the Constitution 
To hold hearings to examine eminent do-
main ten years after Kelo v. City of New London. 
SD–226 
Select Committee on Intelligence 
To hold closed hearings to examine cer-
tain intelligence matters. 
SH–219 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
Subcommittee on Public Lands, Forests, 
and Mining 
To hold hearings to examine S. 414, to 
provide for conservation, enhanced recreation opportunities, and develop-ment of renewable energy in the Cali-fornia Desert Conservation Area, S. 872, to provide for the recognition of certain Native communities and the settlement of certain claims under the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act, S. 1295 and H.R. 1324, bills to adjust the boundary of the Arapaho National For-est, Colorado, S. 1448, to designate the Frank Moore Wild Steelhead Sanc-tuary in the State of Oregon, S. 1592, to clarify the description of certain Fed-eral land under the Northern Arizona Land Exchange and Verde River Basin Partnership Act of 2005 to include addi-tional land in the Kaibab National For-est, S. 1941 and H.R. 2223, bills to au-thorize, direct, expedite, and facilitate a land exchange in El Paso and Teller Counties, Colorado, S. 1942 and H.R. 1554, bills to require a land conveyance involving the Elkhorn Ranch and the White River National Forest in the State of Colorado, S. 1955, to amend the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act to provide for equitable allotment of land to Alaska Native veterans, S. 1971, to expand the boundary of the Cali-fornia Coastal National Monument, and S. 2069, to amend the Omnibus Pub-lic Land Management Act of 2009 to modify provisions relating to certain land exchanges in the Mt. Hood Wilder-ness in the State of Oregon. 
SD–366 
Committee on Foreign Relations Subcommittee on State Department and 
USAID Management, International Op-erations, and Bilateral International Development 
To hold hearings to examine ensuring an 
efficient and effective diplomatic secu-rity training facility for the twenty- first century. 
SD–419 
OCTOBER 20 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine the nomina-
tions of Cherry Ann Murray, of Kansas, to be Director of the Office of Science, and Victoria Marie Baecher Wassmer, of Illinois, to be Under Secretary, both of the Department of Energy, and Mary L. Kendall, of Minnesota, to be Inspec-tor General, Suzette M. Kimball, of West Virginia, to be Director of the United States Geological Survey, and Kristen Joan Sarri, of Michigan, to be an Assistant Secretary, all of the De-partment of the Interior. 
SD–366 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:01 Oct 06, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M05OC8.000 E05OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1424 October 5, 2015 
OCTOBER 21 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and 
Forestry 
To hold hearings to examine agriculture 
biotechnology, focusing on Federal reg-ulation and stakeholder perspectives. 
SD–106 
2:15 p.m. 
Committee on Indian Affairs 
To hold an oversight hearing to examine 
the Government Accountability Office report on Indian energy development. 
SD–628 OCTOBER 22 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine Puerto 
Rico, focusing on the economy, debt, and options for Congress. 
SD–366 OCTOBER 27 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold an oversight hearing to examine 
the Office of Surface Mining, Reclama-tion, and Enforcement’s proposed Stream Protection Rule. 
SD–366 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:01 Oct 06, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M05OC8.000 E05OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D1052 Monday, October 5, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S7109–S7128 
Measures Introduced: Eight bills and two resolu-
tions were introduced, as follows: S. 2128–2135, S. Res. 277, and S. Con. Res. 21.
                  Pages S7123–24 
Measures Passed: 
National Principals Month: Senate agreed to S. 
Res. 277, recognizing the month of October 2015 as ‘‘National Principals Month’’.
                             Page S7127 
Conference Reports: 
National Defense Authorization Act—Agree-
ment: A unanimous-consent agreement was reached 
providing that at approximately 12 p.m., on Tues-day, October 6, 2015, Senate resume consideration of the conference report to accompany H.R. 1735, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, with the time until 1 p.m., equally divided between the two Lead-ers, or their designees.
                                             Page S7127 
Appointments: 
Social Security Advisory Board: The Chair, on 
behalf of the President pro tempore, and in consulta-tion with the Chairman of the Senate Committee on Finance, pursuant to Public Law 103–296, re-appointed the following individual as a member of the Social Security Advisory Board: Mr. Jagadeesh Gokhale of Pennsylvania.
                                       Page S7127 
Removal of Injunction of Secrecy: The injunction 
of secrecy was removed from the following treaty: 
Treaty with Algeria on Mutual Legal Assistance in 
Criminal Matters (Treaty Doc. No. 114–3). 
The treaty was transmitted to the Senate today, 
considered as having been read for the first time, and referred, with accompanying papers, to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations and ordered to be print-ed.
                                                                                      Page S7127 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-
lowing nomination: By 69 yeas to 21 nays (Vote No. EX. 274), Dale 
A. Drozd, of California, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of California. 
                                                                                    Pages S7114–17 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-
lowing nominations: 
Steven Michael Haro, of Virginia, to be an Assist-
ant Secretary of Commerce. 
John Francis Kotek, of Idaho, to be an Assistant 
Secretary of Energy (Nuclear Energy). 
Todd C. Chapman, of Texas, to be Ambassador to 
the Republic of Ecuador. 
Matthew John Matthews, of Oregon, a Career 
Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Min-ister-Counselor, for the rank of Ambassador during his tenure of service as United States Senior Official for the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) Forum. 
Carolyn N. Lerner, of Maryland, to be Special 
Counsel, Office of Special Counsel, for the term of five years. 
Michael Joseph Missal, of Maryland, to be Inspec-
tor General, Department of Veterans Affairs. 
A routine list in the Army.
                    Pages S7127–28 
Nomination Withdrawn: Senate received notifica-
tion of withdrawal of the following nomination: 
Beverly Angela Scott, of Ohio, to be a Member of 
the National Transportation Safety Board for a term expiring December 31, 2019, which was sent to the Senate on July 30, 2015.
                                       Page S7128 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S7122 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S7122 
Measures Read the First Time: 
                                                                      Pages S7123–23, S7127 
Executive Communications:                             Page S7123 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S7124–25 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S7125–26 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S7121–22 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S7126–27 
Notices of Intent:                                                    Page S7127 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Oct 06, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D05OC5.REC D05OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1053 October 5, 2015 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. 
(Total—274)                                                                 Page S7117 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 4 p.m. and ad-
journed at 7:02 p.m., until 12 p.m. on Tuesday, Oc-tober 6, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s 
Record on page S7127.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 2 public 
bills, H.R.10 and H.R. 3683 were introduced. 
                                                                                            Page H6794 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H6795 
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Messer to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H6793 
Open World Leadership Center—Appointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following Member on the part of the House to the Board of Trustees of the Open World Leadership Center: Representative Price (NC).
                  Page H6793 
Quorum Calls Votes: There were no Yea and Nay 
votes, and there were no Recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 2 p.m. and ad-
journed at 2:03 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see DAILY DIGEST , p. D1014 ) 
H.R. 23, to reauthorize the National Windstorm 
Impact Reduction Program. Signed on September 30, 2015. (Public Law 114–52) 
H.R. 719, to require the Transportation Security 
Administration to conform to existing Federal law and regulations regarding criminal investigator posi-tions. Signed on September 30, 2015. (Public Law 114–53) 
H.R. 2051, to amend the Agricultural Marketing 
Act of 1946 to extend the livestock mandatory price reporting requirements. Signed on September 30, 
2015. (Public Law 114–54) 
H.R. 3614, to amend title 49, United States 
Code, to extend authorizations for the airport im-provement program, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the funding and expenditure authority of the Airport and Airway Trust Fund. Signed on September 30, 2015. (Public Law 114–55) 
S. 230, to provide for the conveyance of certain 
property to the Yukon Kuskokwim Health Corpora-tion located in Bethel, Alaska. Signed on September 30, 2015. (Public Law 114–56) 
S. 501, to make technical corrections to the Nav-
ajo water rights settlement in the State of New Mex-ico. Signed on September 30, 2015. (Public Law 114–57) 
S. 2082, to amend title 38, United States Code, 
to extend certain expiring provisions of law adminis-tered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs. Signed on September 30, 2015. (Public Law 114–58) 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, 
OCTOBER 6, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine 
the situation in Afghanistan; with the possibility of a closed session in SVC–217, following the open session, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: to hold hear-
ings to examine the potential modernization of the Stra-tegic Petroleum Reserve and related energy security issues, 10:30 a.m., SD–366. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-
ine the United States role and strategy in the Middle East, focusing on Yemen and the countries of the Gulf Cooperation Council, 2:30 p.m., SD–419. 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: to 
hold hearings to examine the National Labor Relations Board’s joint employer decision, 10 a.m., SD–430. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Oct 06, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D05OC5.REC D05OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1054 October 5, 2015 
Committee on Judiciary: Subcommittee on Oversight, 
Agency Action, Federal Rights and Federal Courts, to hold hearings to examine how overregulation harms mi-norities, 2:15 p.m., SD–226. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: to hold hearings to exam-
ine pending health and benefits legislation; to be imme-diately followed by a business meeting to consider the nomination of Michael Herman Michaud, of Maine, to be Assistant Secretary of Labor for Veterans’ Employment and Training, 2:30 p.m., SR–418. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-
ing on certain intelligence matters, 2:15 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 
3192, the ‘‘Homebuyers Assistance Act’’; and markup on a resolution establishing a Select Investigative Panel of the Committee on Energy and Commerce, 5 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, Full Com-
mittee, business meeting on Member access requests, 5 p.m., HVC–304. This meeting will be closed. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD 
Week of October 6 through October 9, 2015 
Senate Chamber 
On Tuesday , at approximately 12 p.m., Senate will 
resume consideration of the conference report to ac-company H.R. 1735, National Defense Authoriza-tion Act. At 1 p.m., Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the conference report to accom-pany the bill. 
During the balance of the week, Senate may con-
sider any cleared legislative and executive business. 
Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Appropriations: October 7, Subcommittee 
on Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine the National Institutes of Health, focusing on investing in a healthier future, 10 a.m., SD–124. 
Committee on Armed Services: October 6, to hold hearings 
to examine the situation in Afghanistan; with the possi-bility of a closed session in SVC–217, following the open session, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. 
October 7, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-
ine Iranian influence in Iraq and the case of Camp Lib-erty, 9:30 a.m., SH–216. 
October 8, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-
ine Russian strategy and military operations, 9:30 a.m., SH–216. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Octo-
ber 7, to hold hearings to examine removing barriers to wireless broadband deployment, 10 a.m., SR–253. 
October 8, Subcommittee on Consumer Protection, 
Product Safety, Insurance, and Data Security, to hold hearings to examine consumer product safety and the re-
call process, 10 a.m., SR–253. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: October 6, to 
hold hearings to examine the potential modernization of the Strategic Petroleum Reserve and related energy secu-rity issues, 10:30 a.m., SD–366. 
October 8, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-
ine H.R. 2898, to provide drought relief in the State of California, S. 1894, to provide short-term water supplies to drought-stricken California, S. 1936, to provide for drought preparedness measures in the State of New Mex-
ico, S. 1583, to authorize the expansion of an existing hy-droelectric project, S. 2046, to authorize the Federal En-ergy Regulatory Commission to issue an order continuing a stay of a hydroelectric license for the Mahoney Lake hy-droelectric project in the State of Alaska, and S. 2083, to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project, 9:30 a.m., SD–366. 
October 8, Subcommittee on Public Lands, Forests, 
and Mining, to hold hearings to examine S. 414, to pro-vide for conservation, enhanced recreation opportunities, and development of renewable energy in the California Desert Conservation Area, S. 872, to provide for the rec-ognition of certain Native communities and the settle-ment of certain claims under the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act, S. 1295 and H.R. 1324, bills to adjust the boundary of the Arapaho National Forest, Colorado, S. 1448, to designate the Frank Moore Wild Steelhead Sanctuary in the State of Oregon, S. 1592, to clarify the description of certain Federal land under the Northern Arizona Land Exchange and Verde River Basin Partner-ship Act of 2005 to include additional land in the Kaibab National Forest, S. 1941 and H.R. 2223, bills to authorize, direct, expedite, and facilitate a land exchange in El Paso and Teller Counties, Colorado, S. 1942 and H.R. 1554, bills to require a land conveyance involving the Elkhorn Ranch and the White River National Forest in the State of Colorado, S. 1955, to amend the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act to provide for equitable al-lotment of land to Alaska Native veterans, S. 1971, to expand the boundary of the California Coastal National Monument, and S. 2069, to amend the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 to modify provisions re-lating to certain land exchanges in the Mt. Hood Wilder-ness in the State of Oregon, 2:30 p.m., SD–366. 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: October 7, 
to hold an oversight hearing to examine the Nuclear Reg-ulatory Commission, 9:30 a.m., SD–406. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: October 6, to hold hear-
ings to examine the United States role and strategy in the Middle East, focusing on Yemen and the countries of the Gulf Cooperation Council, 2:30 p.m., SD–419. 
October 7, Subcommittee on East Asia, the Pacific, 
and International Cybersecurity Policy, to hold hearings to examine the North Korea threat and United States policy, 2:30 p.m., SD–419. 
October 8, Full Committee, business meeting to con-
sider S. 1933, to establish a comprehensive United States Government policy to encourage the efforts of countries in sub-Saharan Africa to develop an appropriate mix of power solutions, including renewable energy, for more 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:25 Mar 16, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\OCT 2015\D05OC5.REC D05OC5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1055 October 5, 2015 
broadly distributed electricity access in order to support 
poverty reduction, promote development outcomes, and drive economic growth, S. 1789, to improve defense co-operation between the United States and the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan, and the nominations of Jennifer Ann Haverkamp, of Indiana, to be Assistant Secretary of State for Oceans and International Environmental and Scientific Affairs, and Roberta S. Jacobson, of Maryland, to be Am-bassador to the United Mexican States, both of the De-partment of State, 10 a.m., SD–419. 
October 8, Subcommittee on State Department and 
USAID Management, International Operations, and Bilat-eral International Development, to hold hearings to ex-amine ensuring an efficient and effective diplomatic secu-rity training facility for the twenty-first century, 2:30 p.m., SD–419. 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Oc-
tober 6, to hold hearings to examine the National Labor Relations Board’s joint employer decision, 10 a.m., SD–430. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
October 7, business meeting to consider S. 708, to estab-lish an independent advisory committee to review certain regulations, S. 1607, to affirm the authority of the Presi-dent to require independent regulatory agencies to com-ply with regulatory analysis requirements applicable to executive agencies, S. 1818, to amend title 5, United States Code, to reform the rule making process of agen-cies, S. 1820, to require agencies to publish an advance notice of proposed rule making for major rules, S. 1817, to improve the effectiveness of major rules in accom-plishing their regulatory objectives by promoting retro-spective review, S. 1873, to strengthen accountability for deployment of border security technology at the Depart-ment of Homeland Security, S. 2021, to prohibit Federal agencies and Federal contractors from requesting that an applicant for employment disclose criminal history record information before the applicant has received a condi-tional offer, S. Res. 104, to express the sense of the Sen-ate regarding the success of Operation Streamline and the importance of prosecuting first time illegal border cross-ers, S. 2093, to provide that the Secretary of Transpor-tation shall have sole authority to appoint Federal Direc-tors to the Board of Directors of the Washington Metro-politan Area Transit Authority, H.R. 998, to establish the conditions under which the Secretary of Homeland Security may establish preclearance facilities, conduct preclearance operations, and provide customs services out-side the United States, H.R. 322, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 16105 Swingley Ridge Road in Chesterfield, Missouri, as the ‘‘Sgt. Zachary M. Fisher Post Office’’, H.R. 323, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 55 Grasso Plaza in St. Louis, Missouri, as the ‘‘Sgt. Amanda N. Pinson Post Office’’, H.R. 324, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 11662 Gravois Road in St. Louis, Missouri, as the ‘‘Lt. Daniel P. Riordan Post Office’’, H.R. 558, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 55 South Pioneer Boulevard in Springboro, Ohio, as the ‘‘Richard ‘Dick’ Chenault Post Office Build-ing’’, H.R. 1442, to designate the facility of the United 
States Postal Service located at 90 Cornell Street in King-ston, New York, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Robert H. Dietz Post Office Building’’, H.R. 1884, to designate the facil-ity of the United States Postal Service located at 206 West Commercial Street in East Rochester, New York, as the ‘‘Officer Daryl R. Pierson Memorial Post Office Building’’, H.R. 3059, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4500 SE 28th Street, Del City, Oklahoma, as the James Robert Kalsu Post Office Building, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Directing 
Dollars to Disaster Relief Act of 2015’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Inspector General Mandates Reporting Act of 2015’’, and an original bill entitled, ‘‘Fraud Reduction and Data Analytics Act of 2015’’, 10 a.m., SD–342. 
October 8, Full Committee, to hold hearings to exam-
ine threats to the homeland, 10 a.m., SD–342. 
Committee on Indian Affairs: October 7, business meet-
ing to consider S. 1579, to enhance and integrate Native American tourism, empower Native American commu-nities, increase coordination and collaboration between Federal tourism assets, and expand heritage and cultural tourism opportunities in the United States, and H.R. 487, to allow the Miami Tribe of Oklahoma to lease or transfer certain lands; to be immediately followed by a hearing to examine S. 817, to provide for the addition of certain real property to the reservation of the Siletz Tribe in the State of Oregon, S. 818, to amend the Grand Ronde Reservation Act to make technical corrections, S. 1436, to require the Secretary of the Interior to take land into trust for certain Indian tribes, S. 1761, to take cer-tain Federal land located in Lassen County, California, into trust for the benefit of the Susanville Indian Rancheria, S. 1822, to take certain Federal land located in Tuolumne County, California, into trust for the benefit of the Tuolumne Band of Me-Wuk Indians, S. 1986, to provide for a land conveyance in the State of Nevada, and H.R. 387, to provide for certain land to be taken into trust for the benefit of Morongo Band of Mission Indians, 2:15 p.m., SD–628. 
Committee on Judiciary: October 6, Subcommittee on 
Oversight, Agency Action, Federal Rights and Federal Courts, to hold hearings to examine how overregulation harms minorities, 2:15 p.m., SD–226. 
October 7, Subcommittee on Antitrust, Competition 
Policy and Consumer Rights, to hold hearings to examine S. 2102, to amend the Clayton Act and the Federal Trade Commission Act to provide that the Federal Trade Com-mission shall exercise authority with respect to mergers only under the Clayton Act and only in the same proce-dural manner as the Attorney General exercises such au-thority, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
October 8, Full Committee, business meeting to con-
sider S. 1814, to withhold certain Federal funding from sanctuary cities, and S. 2123, to reform sentencing laws and correctional institutions, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
October 8, Subcommittee on the Constitution, to hold 
hearings to examine eminent domain ten years after Kelo 
v. City of New London , 2 p.m., SD–226. 
Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: October 
7, business meeting to consider S. 1811, to require the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Oct 06, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D05OC5.REC D05OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1056 October 5, 2015 
Administrator of the Small Business Administration to 
establish a program to make loans to certain businesses, homeowners, and renters affected by Superstorm Sandy, S. 2116, to improve certain programs of the Small Business Administration to better assist small business customers in accessing broadband technology, S. 2126, to reauthor-ize the women’s business center program of the Small Business Administration, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Small Contractors Improve Competition Act of 2015’’, an origi-nal bill entitled, ‘‘Small Business Subcontracting Trans-parency Act of 2015’’, and an original bill entitled, ‘‘Im-proving Small Business Innovative Research and Tech-nologies Act of 2015’’, 11 a.m., SR–428A. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: October 6, to hold hear-
ings to examine pending health and benefits legislation; to be immediately followed by a business meeting to con-sider the nomination of Michael Herman Michaud, of Maine, to be Assistant Secretary of Labor for Veterans’ Employment and Training, 2:30 p.m., SR–418. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: October 6, to receive a 
closed briefing on certain intelligence matters, 2:15 p.m., SH–219. 
October 8, Full Committee, to hold closed hearings to 
examine certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. 
Special Committee on Aging: October 7, to hold hearings 
to examine if the Federal Government is doing enough to protect seniors from identity theft, 2:30 p.m., SD–562. 
House Committees 
Committee on Agriculture, October 7, Full Committee, 
hearing to review the development of the 2015 Dietary Guidelines for Americans, 9 a.m., 1300 Longworth. 
October 8, Subcommittee on Conservation and 
Forestry, hearing to review the 2015 fire season and long-term trends, 10 a.m., 1302 Longworth. 
Committee on Armed Services, October 7, Subcommittee 
on Strategic Forces, hearing entitled ‘‘Plutonium Disposi-tion and the MOX Project’’, 3:30 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
October 8, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. 
Strategy in Afghanistan’’, 9:30 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
October 8, Subcommittee on Military Personnel, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Update on Military Suicide Preven-tion Programs’’, 2 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. 
Committee on Education and the Workforce, October 7, 
Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Strengthening Head Start for Current and Future Generations’’, 10 a.m., HVC–210. 
October 7, Subcommittee on Workforce Protec-
tions, hearing entitled ‘‘Protecting America’s Work-ers: An Enforcement Update from the Occupational Safety and Health Administration’’, 1 p.m., 2261 Rayburn. 
October 8, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Re-
viewing the Juvenile Justice System and How It Serves At-Risk Youth’’, 10 a.m., HVC–210. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, October 7, Sub-
committee on Energy and Power, hearing entitled ‘‘EPA’s CO2 Regulations for New and Existing Power Plants’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. October 7, Subcommittee on Communications and 
Technology, hearing entitled ‘‘Improving Federal Spectrum Systems’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
October 8, Subcommittee on Oversight and Inves-
tigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Volkswagen Emissions Cheating Allegations: Initial Questions’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
October 8, Subcommittee on Health, hearing enti-
tled ‘‘Examining Legislative Proposals to Combat Our Nation’s Drug Abuse Crisis’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
October 9, Subcommittee on Environment and 
the Economy, hearing entitled ‘‘E-manifest: An Up-date on Implementation’’, 9 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Committee on Financial Services, October 9, Sub-
committee on Monetary Policy and Trade, hearing enti-tled ‘‘The Future of the Multilateral Development Banks’’, 9:15 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, October 7, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Reforming Food Aid: Desperate Need to Do Better’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
October 7, Subcommittee on Africa, Global 
Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘Food Security and Nutrition Programs in Africa’’, 2 p.m., 2200 Ray-burn. 
October 7, Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Reviewing President Xi’s State 
Visit’’, 12:15 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
October 8, Subcommittee on the Middle East and 
North Africa, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Syr-ian Humanitarian Crisis from the Ground, Part I’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Committee on Homeland Security, October 7, Sub-
committee on Cybersecurity, Infrastructure Protection, and Security Technologies, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Mission, Structure, and Reorganization Effort of the National Protection and Programs Directorate’’, 10 a.m., 311 Cannon. 
October 8, Subcommittee on Border and Maritime 
Security, hearing entitled ‘‘Protecting Maritime Fa-cilities in the 21st Century: Are Our Nation’s Ports at Risk for a Cyber-Attack?’’, 10 a.m., 311 Cannon. 
October 8, Subcommittee on Transportation Secu-
rity, hearing entitled ‘‘Reform and Improvement: Assessing the Path Forward for the Transportation Security Administration’’, 2 p.m., 311 Cannon. 
Committee on the Judiciary, October 7, Full Committee, 
hearing entitled ‘‘The Syrian Refugee Crisis and Its Im-pact on the Security of the U.S. Refugee Admissions Pro-gram’’, 10:30 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
October 8, Full Committee, hearing entitled 
‘‘Planned Parenthood Exposed: Examining Abortion Procedures and Medical Ethics at the Nation’s Larg-est Abortion Provider’’, 2 p.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
Committee on Natural Resources, October 7, Full Com-
mittee, markup on H.R. 974, the ‘‘Yellowstone and Grand Teton Paddling Act’’; H.R. 1107, the ‘‘Bureau of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Oct 06, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D05OC5.REC D05OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1057 October 5, 2015 
Reclamation Transparency Act’’; H.R. 1452, to authorize 
Escambia County, Florida, to convey certain property that was formerly part of Santa Rosa Island National Monu-ment and that was conveyed to Escambia County subject to restrictions on use and reconveyance; H.R. 1820, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to retire coal pref-erence right lease applications for which the Secretary has made an affirmative commercial quantities determination, and for other purposes; H.R. 2212, to take certain Fed-eral lands located in Lassen County, California, into trust for the benefit of the Susanville Indian Rancheria, and for other purposes; H.R. 2270, the ‘‘Billy Frank Jr. Tell Your Story Act’’; H.R. 2406, the ‘‘SHARE Act’’; and H.R. 3382, the ‘‘Lake Tahoe Restoration Act of 2015’’, 4 p.m., 1324 Longworth. 
October 8, Full Committee, H.R. 974, the ‘‘Yel-
lowstone and Grand Teton Paddling Act’’; H.R. 1107, the ‘‘Bureau of Reclamation Transparency Act’’; H.R. 1452, to authorize Escambia County, Florida, to convey certain property that was formerly part of Santa Rosa Island National Monument and that was conveyed to Escambia County subject to re-strictions on use and reconveyance; H.R. 1820, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to retire coal preference right lease applications for which the Sec-retary has made an affirmative commercial quantities determination, and for other purposes; H.R. 2212, to take certain Federal lands located in Lassen County, California, into trust for the benefit of the Susanville Indian Rancheria, and for other purposes; H.R. 2270, the ‘‘Billy Frank Jr. Tell Your Story Act’’; H.R. 2406, the ‘‘SHARE Act’’; and H.R. 3382, the ‘‘Lake Tahoe Restoration Act of 2015’’ (continued), 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, October 9, 
Full Committee, markup on H.R. 10, the ‘‘Scholarships for Opportunity and Results Reauthorization Act’’; H.R. 3231, ‘‘the Federal Intern Protection Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2347, the ‘‘Federal Advisory Committee Act Amend-ments of 2015’’; S. 1172, the ‘‘Edward ‘Ted’ Kaufman and Michael Leavitt Presidential Transitions Improve-ments Act of 2015’’; S. 1576, the ‘‘Representative Payee Fraud Prevention Act of 2015’’; S. 1580, the ‘‘Competi-tive Service Act of 2015’’; H.R. 136, to designate the fa-cility of the United States Postal Service located at 1103 
USPS Building 1103 in Camp Pendleton, California, as the ‘‘Camp Pendleton Medal of Honor Post Office’’; H.R. 2928, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 201 B Street in Perryville, Arkansas, as the ‘‘Harold George Bennett Post Office’’; H.R. 3082, to 
designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 5919 Chef Menteur Highway in New Orleans, Louisiana, as the ‘‘Daryle Holloway Post Office Build-
ing’’; H.R. 3274, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4567 Rockbridge Road in Pine Lake, Georgia, as the ‘‘Francis Manuel Ortega Post Office’’; H.R. 3601, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 7715 Post Road, North Kingstown, Rhode Island, as the ‘‘Melvoid J. Ben-son Post Office Building’’; S. 1596, to designate the facil-ity of the United States Postal Service located at 2082 Stringtown Road in Grove City, Ohio, as the ‘‘Specialist Joseph W. Riley Post Office Building’’; and S. 1826, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 99 West 2nd Street in Fond du Lac, Wis-consin, as the Lieutenant Colonel James ‘‘Maggie’’ Megellas Post Office, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Committee on Rules, October 7, Full Committee, hearing 
on H.R. 538, the ‘‘Native American Energy Act’’; and H.R. 702, to adapt to changing crude oil market condi-tions, 3 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, October 8, 
Full Committee, markup on H.R. 3033, the ‘‘Research Excellence and Advancements for Dyslexia (READ) Act’’; and H.R. 3293, the ‘‘Scientific Research in the National Interest Act’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
October 9, Subcommittee on Space, hearing enti-
tled ‘‘Deep Space Exploration: Examining the Impact of the President’s Budget’’, 9 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
Committee on Small Business, October 7, Full Committee, 
hearing entitled ‘‘The EMV Deadline and What It Means for Small Businesses’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. 
October 8, Subcommittee on Oversight, Investiga-
tions, and Regulations, hearing entitled ‘‘The Con-sequences of DOL’s One-Size-Fits-All Overtime Rule for Small Businesses and their Employees’’, 10 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, October 7, 
Subcommittee on Aviation, hearing entitled ‘‘Ensuring Aviation Safety in the Era of Unmanned Aircraft Sys-tems’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, October 7, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘A Call for System-Wide Change: Evaluating the Independent Assessment of the Veterans Health Administration’’, 10 a.m., 334 Cannon. 
Committee on Ways and Means, October 7, Subcommittee 
on Oversight, hearing on the rising costs of higher edu-cation and tax policy, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Oct 06, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D05OC5.REC D05OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1058 October 5, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
12 p.m., Tuesday, October 6 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will resume consideration 
of the conference report to accompany H.R. 1735, Na-tional Defense Authorization Act. At 1 p.m., Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the conference report to accompany the bill. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
12 p.m., Tuesday, October 6 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Consideration of the following 
measures under suspension of the rules: 1) H.R. 1553— Small Bank Exam Cycle Reform Act of 2015; 2) H.R. 1839—Reforming Access for Investments in Startup En-terprises (RAISE) Act of 2015; 3) H.R. 2091—Child Support Assistance Act of 2015; 4) H.R. 1525—Disclo-sure Modernization and Simplification Act of 2015; 5) H.R. 3032—Securities and Exchange Commission Re-porting Modernization Act; 6) H.R. 3102—Airport Ac-cess Control Security Improvement Act of 2015, as amended; 7) H.R. 3510—Department of Homeland Secu-rity Cybersecurity Strategy Act of 2015, as amended; 8) S. 1300—Adoptive Family Relief Act; 9) S. 2078— United States Commission on International Religious Freedom Reauthorization Act of 2015; 10) H.R. 2168— West Coast Dungeness Crab Management Act, as amend-ed; and 11) S. 986—Albuquerque Indian School Land Transfer Act. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Fitzpatrick, Michael G., Pa., E1421 
Foxx, Virginia, N.C., E1421 Frankel, Lois, Fla., E1422 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E1421 Lujan Grisham, Michelle, N.M., E1421 Reichert, David G., Wash., E1422 Scott, Austin, Ga., E1421 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:03 Oct 06, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D05OC5.REC D05OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST