Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H7177 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, OCTOBER 26, 2015 No. 157 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. D
OLD). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO 
TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
October 26, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable R OBERT J. 
DOLDto act as Speaker pro tempore on this 
day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 6, 2015, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
The Chair will alternate recognition 
between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 1:50 p.m. 
f 
MEMBERS OF THE GREATEST 
GENERATION 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. P
ALAZZO ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the courage, sacrifice, and service of members of the Greatest Generation from my district: Navy vet-eran Art Albert from Hattiesburg and Mr. John Rounsaville of Jones County, Mississippi. 
ART ALBERT  
Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Albert truly ex-
emplifies dedicated, selfless service in having fought in World War II, the Ko-
rean war, and the Vietnam war. 
I first met Mr. Albert during the Mis-
sissippi Gulf Coast Honor Flight, which brings World War II veterans to Wash-ington to see their memorial. 
Last month I had the opportunity to 
speak with Mr. Albert at the Victory over Japan Day anniversary ceremony in Hawaii. Here I learned that Art was serving as a machinist mate aboard the USS Missouri on September 2, 1945, 
where he witnessed the Japanese for-mally surrender to the United States, ending World War II. 
Although he would disagree, like so 
many of his contemporaries who focus not on their service, but on the great-ness of our Nation as a whole, Art is a true American hero. Through his serv-ice and his quiet work of building our great Nation at home, he has brought honor to himself, the State of Mis-sissippi, and the United States of America. 
I am honored to have him as a con-
stituent and to have the opportunity to know him both as a person and as an enduring example of the values that have made America great. 
JOHN ROUNSAVILLE  
Mr. PALAZZO. Last month another 
of my constituents, John Rounsaville, celebrated his 90th birthday. 
Beginning in October of 1943, Mr. 
Rounsaville served for 28 months in the Pacific Theater of operations. He served aboard an LCI Gunboat that was assigned to the Pacific Theater and participated in numerous campaigns, earning his unit an impressive six bat-tle stars for World War II service, in-cluding the Navy Unit Commendation Award. Although it has been over 70 years since his time in the Pacific, Mr. Rounsaville remembers his entire tour and speaks of it often. 
Like the American flag that has been 
proudly planted in his front yard for decades, I take great pride in rep-resenting World War II veterans like Mr. Rounsaville, who belong to a gen-
eration whose sacrifices preserved our freedom and liberated the world from tyranny and oppression. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in 
thanking John Rounsaville and Art Al-bert for their courage and bravery and their service to this great Nation; and I wish to extend my heartfelt gratitude to both of these great Americans, their families, and to congratulate them on their dedicated service to the United States of America. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. 
Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 4 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1400 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. D
OLD) at 2 p.m. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
Loving God, we give You thanks for 
giving us another day. 
Lord, You know there are many 
Americans who look to the people’s House as uncertainty about the future of the economy and our Nation’s debt hang in a balance. As well, leadership in this assembly is being considered and will be determined in this coming week. 
We ask that You bless the Members 
of the people’s House with discernment in these most trying times. 
We ask again that You impel those 
who possess power here to be mindful of those whom they represent who pos-sess little or no power and whose lives 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:33 Oct 27, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26OC7.000 H26OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7178 October 26, 2015 
might become all the more difficult by 
a failure to work out serious dif-ferences. 
May all that is done today be for 
Your greater honor and glory. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the 
gentleman from Maryland (Mr. H OYER ) 
come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. HOYER led the Pledge of Alle-
giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
SUPPORT OUR TROOPS AND 
MILITARY FAMILIES 
(Mr. WILSON of South Carolina 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, the National Defense Author-ization Act, NDAA, is bipartisan legis-lation that our Nation has depended upon for decades to support our serv-icemembers and military families. In its entire history, the NDAA has been vetoed only four times. By vetoing it last week, the President has made his-tory and, as The Washington Post has identified, ‘‘not in a good way.’’ 
I am grateful for the leadership of 
the House Armed Services Committee Chairman M
ACTHORNBERRY and Senate 
Armed Services Committee Chairman J
OHNMCCAINas Congress works to ful-
fill its highest constitutional duty to provide for our common defense to pro-tect American families from attacks with worldwide conflicts at record lev-els. 
As a grateful father of four sons cur-
rently serving in the military and as a 31-year Army veteran myself, I know firsthand the importance of the NDAA to promote peace through strength. 
The NDAA is and always has been bi-
partisan legislation because the safety of American families is more impor-tant than partisan politics. I encourage all Members of Congress to unite on voting to override the President’s veto. 
In conclusion, God bless our troops, 
and the President by his actions must never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of 
Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, October 26, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on Oc-tober 26, 2015 at 1:17 p.m.: 
That the Senate passed S. 1493. With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
K
AREN L. H AAS. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. 
Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 3 min-
utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1832 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. D
OLD) at 6 o’clock and 32 
minutes p.m. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION 
OF H.R. 597, REFORM EXPORTS AND EXPAND THE AMERICAN ECONOMY ACT 
Mr. FINCHER. Mr. Speaker, pursuant 
to clause 2 of rule XV, I call up motion No. 2, to discharge the Committee on Rules from the further consideration of House Resolution 450, providing for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 597) to reauthorize the Export-Import Bank of the United States, and for other pur-poses. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Did the 
gentleman sign the petition? 
Mr. FINCHER. Yes. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Tennessee calls up a mo-tion to discharge the Committee on Rules from further consideration of House Resolution 450, which the Clerk will report by title. 
POINT OF ORDER  
Mr. MULVANEY. Mr. Speaker, point 
of order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman will state his point of order. 
Mr. MULVANEY. Mr. Speaker, pur-
suant to rule XV, section 2(d)(1), I make a point of order that this motion is not timely brought. 
The rule specifically says that, ‘‘On 
the second and fourth Mondays of a month,’’ which is what we are today, ‘‘immediately after the Pledge of Alle-giance to the Flag, a motion to dis-charge that has been brought on the calendar for at least seven legislative days shall be privileged if called up by a Member whose signature appears thereon.’’ We had the pledge and the prayer 
earlier today. We also then had inter-vening activity in the House, and this motion is no longer timely. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does 
any other Member wish to be heard on the point of order? 
Mr. MULVANEY. I would point out, 
Mr. Speaker, that we took up 1-minute speeches; we received a message from the Senate; and you, yourself, approved the Journal. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does 
any other Member wish to be heard on the point of order? 
Mr. FINCHER. Mr. Speaker, I think 
my friend from South Carolina, the gentleman, is out of order. This is reg-ular order. We are moving on as proce-dure. 
Mr. MULVANEY. Mr. Speaker, while 
you are continuing, I would like you to consider one thing. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman may proceed. 
Mr. MULVANEY. The rule is very ex-
plicit. The rule does not say that we may not take—the rule says that we must proceed immediately. I recognize the fact that on occasion 1-minute speeches are not considered business of the House, that receiving messages from the Senate are not considered business of the House, and, on occa-sion, a Journal is not considered busi-ness of the House even though, from time to time, we do vote on it. 
The rule does not say that we cannot 
do other business. The rule says we can’t do anything, that we must pro-ceed immediately after the Pledge of Allegiance, and that if the motion is brought at any other time it is un-timely. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does 
any other Member wish to be heard on this point of order? If not, the Chair will rule. 
The rule does not say that the mo-
tion to discharge must be—it just says that it can be—brought up imme-diately. 
Today’s proceedings are consistent 
with previous occasions where the Chair has entertained 1-minute speech-es on discharge days, and those speech-es proceeded by unanimous consent. 
On those grounds, the point of order 
is overruled. 
PARLIAMENTARY INQUIRIES  
Mr. MULVANEY. Mr. Speaker, par-
liamentary inquiry. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman will state his parliamentary in-quiry. 
Mr. MULVANEY. Does the language 
of section 2(d)(1) not specifically say ‘‘shall be privileged if called up’’? It is not ‘‘may.’’ It is ‘‘shall . . . if. . . . ’’ 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The rule 
is not so limited. The motion would be in order if it were to be brought up then, and it is also in order to be brought up now. 
Mr. MULVANEY. Parliamentary in-
quiry, Mr. Speaker. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman will state his parliamentary in-quiry. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Oct 27, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26OC7.003 H26OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7179 October 26, 2015 
Mr. MULVANEY. If 2(d)(1) says that 
it shall be in order if brought up at this particular time but the Chair is ruling that it may be in order at other times, what rule is the Chair relying on for that determination? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. There is 
nothing in the rule that requires the motion to discharge to be brought up immediately following the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. MULVANEY. Further point, Mr. 
Speaker. The only way that it is privi-leged is that if it was brought up im-mediately after the pledge. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair is also following prior practice of the House in entertaining the motion. 
Mr. MULVANEY. I’m sorry, and Mr. 
Speaker, when you were giving your decision before, I was reading the rule. 
Would you please restate the basis 
for your decision. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair has entertained 1-minute speech-es on previous discharge days. Those speeches proceeded by unanimous con-sent. On those grounds, the point of order was overruled. 
Mr. MULVANEY. Mr. Speaker, you 
did not address, then, my issue on re-ceiving a message from the Senate or approving the Journal. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair has entertained numerous par-liamentary inquiries on a matter on which the Chair has already ruled. 
Mr. MULVANEY. Mr. Speaker, par-
liamentary inquiry. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman will state his parliamentary in-quiry. 
Mr. MULVANEY. Would the decision 
have been different if we had not made 1-minute speeches? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair cannot respond to a hypothetical question. 
The Clerk will report the title of the 
resolution. 
The Clerk read the title of the resolu-
tion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the rule, the gentleman from Ten-nessee (Mr. F
INCHER ) will be recognized 
for 10 minutes and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
ENSARLING ) will be recog-
nized for 10 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Tennessee. 
Mr. FINCHER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Even though discharge petitions have 
rarely been invoked in modern history, they nevertheless embody democracy and its fundamental principle of major-ity rules, a principle that the gen-tleman has already talked about ear-lier. This discharge process offers the only means by which a majority of House Members can secure a vote on a measure that is opposed by the chair-man of the committee of jurisdiction and House leadership. 
What makes the gentleman’s re-
marks a few minutes ago particularly ironic is the fact that the discharge rule evolved from a precursor rule adopted in 1910 as part of the Cannon 
revolt. The Cannon revolt was a revolt against Speaker Joseph Cannon. It was a remarkable event in the history of this House and is relevant today in more ways than one. 
Speaker Cannon was, at the time, the 
longest-serving Republican Speaker in the history of the House, serving as Speaker from 1903 to 1911. Referred to as ‘‘Uncle Joe,’’ Speaker Cannon ruled with an iron fist. Historians have not painted him as a great legislator. No. 
Historians have painted him as a 
great obstructionist. He blocked legis-lation, including child labor laws and the right for women to vote. What was his reasoning for blocking this progres-sive legislation? ‘‘I am tired of listen-ing to all this babble for reform,’’ he said. 
Several times, Republicans tried un-
successfully to curb Speaker Cannon’s broad powers, which included his chair-manship of the Rules Committee and his power to dole out committee as-signments, among other powers. But that changed in March of 1910 when 42 Republicans joined with the Democrats introducing a resolution containing a rules package that would strip Speaker Cannon of his many powers. 
Speaker Cannon tried to filibuster 
this revolt, speaking from the chair for 26 straight hours while allies tried to round up additional allies who were out celebrating St. Patrick’s Day, but it didn’t work. Speaker Cannon finally ruled the resolution out of order, but the House overruled the Chair, thereby adopting far-reaching reforms, includ-ing the precursor of today’s discharge rule. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in re-
turning power to rank-and-file Mem-bers by voting on the motion to dis-charge and supporting American jobs. 
With that, Mr. Speaker, I reserve the 
balance of my time. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself as much time as I may consume. 
First, Mr. Speaker, I want to recog-
nize the gentleman from Tennessee and the passion that he brings to this de-bate. He has long been a champion of the Export-Import Bank. We have had a respectful disagreement over the sub-stance of the issue, but at this moment I don’t care to spend much time on the substance of the issue because we are debating a discharge petition. 
Mr. Speaker, it was an interesting 
history lesson that my colleague and friend introduced the House to, and I have no reason to doubt that it is an accurate history lesson. I will note for the R
ECORD that apparently somehow 
Mr. Cannon managed to get a building named after him. 
But the point I would make is this: 
whether the gentleman from Tennessee and others have disagreed with process at the Financial Services Committee— I know that they do—but the question before us, Mr. Speaker, is why punish the entirety of the House? 
Those who are bringing forth this 
discharge petition had the opportunity to allow Members on both sides of the 
aisle to offer amendments. People who were not on the Financial Services Committee could have had the oppor-tunity to offer amendments, but not under this particular discharge peti-tion. 
So, Mr. Speaker, the real complaint I 
have here is, regardless of what com-plaints or beefs they may have against me personally or against the process of the Financial Services Committee, why punish the entirety of the House? 
We hear so much about regular order 
and about empowering rank-and-file Members. Well, then, why aren’t rank- and-file Members, then, empowered to offer amendments? We were told that it was simply to discharge a single piece of legislation. Then why not, at this point, let the House work its will? 
Unfortunately, Mr. Speaker, that 
doesn’t appear to happen. I perfectly understand that one man’s economic development is another man’s cor-porate welfare, and I think that debate will happen tomorrow. But here, right now, simply because there is a rule to have a discharge petition that would disqualify any Member from offering an amendment doesn’t mean we should necessarily avail ourselves of it. 
The Constitution allows us to create 
debt. It doesn’t mean it is a good thing for us to do that as we face yet another debt ceiling vote in front of us. 
So, Mr. Speaker, I would simply hope 
that Members would vote down this discharge petition, and if they believe strongly in it, then bring back another one, but at least allow Members on the floor to offer amendments. Repub-licans, Democrats, and people from all committees should be able to offer the amendments if that was the purpose of the discharge petition. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. FINCHER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Mary-land (Mr. H
OYER ). 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
my friend for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I will say to my friend 
from Texas, there were 3 years to do exactly that. It wasn’t done. 
I thank the gentleman from Ten-
nessee for yielding, and I thank him for his courage and Mr. L
UCAS ’ courage for 
working within the rules to bring this matter to the floor. It is an important matter. 
b1845 
Since July, businesses and workers 
across the country have been asking Congress to reopen the Export-Import Bank so that they could compete on a level playing field in overseas markets. This is about jobs and a competitive America. Opening the Export-Import Bank, Mr. Speaker, is about creating and keeping jobs here in America. 
A motion on the floor tonight will 
demonstrate that a majority of this House supports taking action to pass a multiyear extension of the Bank’s charter authority. We will have a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Oct 27, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26OC7.005 H26OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7180 October 26, 2015 
chance to show the American people 
that Congress can work together, Democrats and Republicans, to get something done that helps businesses and workers compete and create jobs. 
Mr. HECK of Washington. Will the 
gentleman yield? 
Mr. HOYER. I yield to the gentleman 
from Washington. 
Mr. HECK of Washington. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise to ask my friends and col-leagues to support Mr. F
INCHER of Ten-
nessee on his motion in his effort to subject this issue to regular order. This is regular order. This is the only reg-ular order that we are going to be given to have a chance to take up this job-creating legislation. I know this for a fact. It is not speculation. 
On February 12, they offered an 
amendment to the views and estimates on the budget that said, in part, the committee will work to consider reau-thorization of the Bank through reg-ular order that lets all sides be heard, and the leadership of the committee said, ‘‘Vote ‘no.’’’ There was never an intention to subject this issue to reg-ular order. Now is our chance to do that. 
Support the gentlemen from Ten-
nessee and Oklahoma and vote ‘‘yes’’ on this. 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, reclaiming 
my time, I thank Mr. F
INCHER , I thank 
Mr. L UCAS , I thank Ms. W ATERS , I 
thank Ms. M OORE , and I thank D ENNY  
HECK. 
Vote for this motion to put a bill on 
the floor that the majority supports. That is democracy. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. H
UIZENGA ), chairman of 
the Monetary Policy and Trade Sub-committee. 
Mr. HUIZENGA of Michigan. Mr. 
Speaker, I appreciate that, and I appre-ciate the leadership of my chair on this issue. 
It seems to me, Mr. Speaker, we have 
two issues that we are dealing with today: 
First is the issue, itself, of the Ex-
port-Import Bank and the entitlement mentality that has grown up here in the United States. It is sad to me that some believe that this is the only, or the best, way for the U.S. to compete on the world stage when, in fact, we know it is not. 
We are at a competitive disadvan-
tage, not because we may or may not have an Export-Import Bank, but be-cause of our regulatory environment, because of our tax environment, and because of all of the other barriers that have been thrown up by this Congress, including health care and a number of other things that have made our com-panies less competitive. 
The other issue is the way that we 
are dealing with this issue as it is com-ing to the floor and how it has reached the House floor today. 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to know 
which committee chair of another com-mittee would approve of having the process be short-circuited out of their 
committee. Would it be the Energy and Commerce Committee? the Ways and Means Committee? Because I can tell you I have not been real happy, as a small business owner on some of the lack of progress that we have made on that. Maybe it would be the Ag Com-mittee. Why did it take so long for things to reach the floor? How about any other committee that we are all dealing with? 
The simple fact is that my sub-
committee, Monetary Policy and Trade, where this jurisdiction lies, had three joint hearings with the Oversight Committee on this particular issue. There was a sunset that was put in. It was intentionally put in so that there would be a review. The review hap-pened, and the determination of my subcommittee and this committee was that it did not warrant further action. 
So, again, as we are looking at this 
tool that has been infrequently used, it doesn’t restore regular order, as has been claimed. No. In fact, it upends the balance of power in the House. It skirts the committee process and gives the minority the control over the House floor. 
A discharge petition was brought to 
the House floor under the guise of job creation. In reality, it serves to revive and retrench a dependency mentality. 
Mr. FINCHER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. K
INZINGER ), who has done great 
work on this supportive piece of legis-lation. 
Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois. Mr. 
Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Tennessee for his hard work. 
I would remind the previous speaker 
that this is actually a Republican-led discharge petition for Ex-Im Bank. 
We could have avoided this. None of 
us celebrate being here right now as Republicans. But the time to deal with the issue of Ex-Im Bank was on the committee. Unfortunately, this could have gone through the committee, this could have been voted on in com-mittee, and it could have come to the floor in what people would consider a more regular order way than this. How-ever, that didn’t have the opportunity. 
Mr. Speaker, my district is the 16th 
District of Illinois, and I will tell you what, they are not worried about dis-charge petitions and things when peo-ple talk about regular order and inter-nal politics and what is going on here. What they care about is the fact that it is a heavy manufacturing district, and they want to be able to go to work to-morrow. They are worried because peo-ple live with the threat of pink slips, and many people actually get pink slips. 
Unfortunately, in July, the charter 
for Ex-Im Bank expired, which put a lot of the manufacturing suppliers of the aerospace industry at a disadvan-tage in my district compared with those that supply to Airbus and other companies around the world. Pride in our exports and pride in our manufac-turing is something that we should 
have pride in, and we should fight be-yond what it means for a party label or beyond what it means for floor politics. 
Mr. Speaker, the opponents of reau-
thorization live in a world where the politics of purity trumps the realism of today and of the economics. Here is the reality: in my district, thousands of jobs, millions of dollars of exports, and many, many people rely on this to be reauthorized. 
Mr. Speaker, I know this is not easy, 
as Republicans, to do this, but it is the right thing to do. So I stand and I ask my colleagues on the Republican and the Democrat side of the aisle to put partisanship aside, to do the right thing, and to discharge this resolution. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. S
CHWEIKERT ), a valued 
member of the Financial Services Com-mittee. 
Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the chairman. 
I hope you are all listening to some 
of the use of the language. I appre-ciated the history lesson. But has it been lost on you, the irony part of this discussion that, hey, we are going to do a discharge petition, which is part of the rules, because we don’t feel we are having a voice. Oh, by the way, we are going to draft a rule—draft a rule— that you can’t offer amendments, that you can’t have a discussion. 
For those of us who have worked on 
this issue for years, who have sat through dozens of hearings in multiple years, who actually have things we be-lieve that make it better, the bril-liance here is lock it down. So you are going to complain that you are not being treated fairly, and then the an-swer to not being treated fairly is, let’s write a rule that no one gets a voice, that it is purely up or down. Is that lost on anyone here? 
The reality of it is the vast majority 
of the trade from this country has ac-cess to surety bonds and trade credit. It is a fraction of a fraction of a frac-tion that actually asks for a taxpayer subsidy, a taxpayer guarantee. If you wanted to solve this problem tomor-row, you could recharter the Ex-Im Bank so that it continues to exist but get the taxpayers off the hook and let them do just as now Fannie and Freddie are trying to do where they 
buy their reinsurance in the market. 
There are solutions here, if I was al-
lowed to offer an amendment. But you have all chosen to write a rule that keeps those of us who have worked on this issue for years from being able to have that discussion. Is that irony lost on anyone here? 
You know there is a better way to do 
this than extending this type of crony capitalism and leaving our taxpayers on the hook for hours and hours of hearings we have had where you have heard the bad acts that are going on in this agency—the fraud, the mis-ac-counting. 
Why are we going to let that move 
forward? Because if you have read the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:33 Oct 27, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26OC7.008 H26OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7181 October 26, 2015 
reforms that are in here, you would un-
derstand they already should be doing these. It is an outrage they are not. 
Mr. FINCHER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. M
AXINE WATERS ). 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, Members, I would like to thank the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. F
INCHER ) for yielding and for his 
leadership in initiating this very suc-cessful discharge petition in order to finally make possible the opportunity to vote to renew the charter of the Ex-port-Import Bank. 
For almost 2 years now, as ranking 
member of the Financial Services Com-mittee, I have been working very hard with Leader P
ELOSI , Whip H OYER , and 
my colleagues G WEN MOORE and D ENNY  
HECK. We have all been working hard 
to secure long-term reauthorization of the Bank. And today, after many months of obstruction by a vocal mi-nority of this body, which led to a shutdown of the Ex-Im Bank, this House will finally get the opportunity to vote to do just that. 
Let me be clear, Mr. Speaker, this 
discharge petition is not a rejection of regular order. Although rarely used, the discharge petition exists under House rules for the very purpose of en-suring that the will of a determined majority may ultimately prevail over an obstructionist minority, and that is exactly what is happening today. 
Republicans and Democrats have 
come together to support the reauthor-ization of a proven job creator. We have come together to end the unilat-eral disarmament that has harmed our exporters, their domestic suppliers, and the many American workers across this country whose jobs are supported by the Bank. We have come together to show that compromise is possible if you are willing to work it. 
So, again, I thank the gentleman 
from Tennessee for his work. I urge the Members to vote in favor of the mo-tion. We have come together as Mem-bers of Congress to do the work of the people. Let’s get on with the business of doing it. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. M
ULVANEY ), an-
other valuable member of the House Financial Services Committee. 
Mr. MULVANEY. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the gentleman from Texas. 
I want to pick up on where my friend 
from Arizona left off regarding the comments about my good friend and colleague from Washington regarding regular order. It is not regular order. If we have regular order, we have amend-ments. I have an amendment that would protect small business. I don’t get a chance to do that. We would under regular order. 
But let’s not forget, there is not just 
one committee that is getting rolled here. Rules Committee is getting rolled. And if this was to follow regular order and go to rules, every single one of you would be able to offer amend-ments in that committee. They would 
probably get shot down, as mine have since I have been here, but at least you could offer them. 
Furthermore, if it went to Rules 
Committee, you could have debate; you could participate and debate on the issues. 
What is getting ready to happen here 
in a few minutes is Mr. F
INCHER will 
control 1 hour of debate, he will speak for 5, and then yield back, denying every single one of you in this Chamber the opportunity to speak for at least half an hour each side on this par-ticular issue. 
This is not regular order, Mr. Speak-
er. This is shoving something down the American people’s throats. 
Let’s have regular order. Let’s have 
the amendments. I have got some ones you might actually enjoy. Let’s have the debate. But let’s not kid ourselves into thinking this is regular order be-cause it is not. 
Mr. FINCHER. Mr. Speaker, I have 
one remaining speaker. How much time do I have remaining? I want to reserve the right to close. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Tennessee has 2 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Texas has 2 minutes remaining. 
Mr. FINCHER. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
A lot of discussion, passionate discus-
sion about jobs tonight. 
But I would point out to my Demo-
cratic colleagues on the other side of the aisle, where was this passion when ObamaCare was passed? The Congres-sional Budget Office says that it is going to cost this economy 2.5 million fewer jobs. 
Where was this passion when H.R. 30 
came to the floor that would repeal this 30-hour definition of full-time em-ployee? According to one study, 2.6 million Americans making under $30,000 are at risk of having their hours cut due to the ObamaCare 30-hour rule. 
Where was the passion on the other 
side of the aisle when H.R. 351, the LNG Permitting Certainty and Trans-parency Act, came? That is estimated to put up to 45,000 unemployed Ameri-cans back to work on liquid natural gas export projects. 
Where was the passion when S. 1 
came, the Keystone XL pipeline? The State Department’s environmental im-pact statement said: ‘‘During construc-tion, proposed project spending would support approximately 42,100 jobs.’’ 
But we didn’t hear much from our 
friends on the other side of the aisle when this was going on. 
b1900 
But, again, I think, too often, my 
friends on the other side of the aisle are always happy to subsidize what they can regulate and control. 
I would say to my friends on my side 
of the aisle that I respect your opinion, and I hope you respect mine; but I 
think there is a better way to promote exports. I think there is a better way to promote jobs. It has everything to do with regulatory reform. It has to do with the REINS Act. It has everything to do with fundamental tax reform, which, according to the National Asso-ciation of Manufacturers, is half of our competitive disadvantage. It has every-thing to do with litigation reform. We have greater remedial costs than do our green energy European competi-tors. 
There is a better way, and there is a 
more fair way to come to this floor. As for whatever you think of the process of the Financial Services Committee, if this is going to come to the floor, every Member ought to be allowed to have an amendment, and we should reject this discharge petition. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. FINCHER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
my remaining 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Oklahoma (Mr. L
UCAS ). 
Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Speaker and col-
leagues, why are we here tonight? Why are we compelled to engage in this process? 
The circumstances, perhaps, might 
be a little bit like 1910. Do you remem-ber 1910? A dictatorial Speaker who was so totally in control and who so to-tally refused to accept input from the membership made himself chairman of the Rules Committee, too. He stymied the legislative process. He brought it to a stop. 
What did our predecessors do 100-plus 
years ago? 
They finally rose up together and 
threw him out, and they created a process by which no dictatorial chair-man, no dictatorial Speaker would ever be able to fully thwart the will of this body. 
It is amazing. That is what we are 
here for. It is to continue one century later the responsible actions that they put into place. 
Now, some of my friends have asked, 
‘‘Why don’t we have thousands of amendments?’’ Think about 1910—a dictatorial Speaker, a dictatorial com-mittee chairman. Under no cir-cumstances was Uncle Joe going to allow any input. So, when they created this process, they had to make sure that the bill could come to the floor for consideration in a way that would not allow it to be manipulated by that same dictatorial attitude. We are oper-ating under the present version of that rule. 
If we had wanted unlimited amend-
ments, we should have spent an unlim-ited amount of time in the committee of jurisdiction, working on those amendments, but that opportunity never availed itself. Had that oppor-tunity availed itself, we wouldn’t be here; but we are here. We have a bill that reflects, I believe—and that a ma-jority of us in this House believes— what is in the best interest of Amer-ica’s workers and America’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Oct 27, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26OC7.009 H26OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7182 October 26, 2015 
businesspeople in our competitive spir-
it. 
I simply say to you that to talk 
about the things we should be doing to-night that should have been done a month ago or a year ago seems most inappropriate. So, my friends, in a mo-ment, let’s honor the people who were on this floor in 1910. Let’s say, ‘‘Joe, you can’t have your way then or now.’’ Let’s pass the discharge; let’s pass the rule; and let’s get on with the bill de-bate. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time 
has expired. 
The question is on the motion offered 
by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. F
INCHER ) to discharge the Committee 
on Rules from the further consider-ation of House Resolution 450. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 246, nays 177, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 569] 
YEAS—246 
Adams 
Aderholt Aguilar Amodei Ashford Barletta Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette 
Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fincher Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Hunter Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Kaptur Katko 
Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Knight Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Mica Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross 
O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poe (TX) Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Rogers (AL) Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell 
Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) 
Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Whitfield Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Yarmuth Young (AK) 
NAYS—177 
Abraham Allen Amash Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Comstock Conaway Cook Culberson Denham DeSantis Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleming Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie 
Harris Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) King (IA) Kline Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Loudermilk Love Lummis Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Messer Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Mooney (WV) Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Pittenger Pitts Poliquin 
Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Ribble Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stewart Stutzman Thornberry Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—11 
Carson (IN) Crawford DesJarlais Fleischmann Forbes 
Payne Pearce Rooney (FL) Roskam 
Takai Visclosky b1924 
Messrs. SHUSTER and JOYCE 
changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Mrs. NAPOLITANO changed her vote 
from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the motion to discharge was 
agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Stated for: Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, on 
rollcall No. 569, had I been present, I would 
have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the resolution. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 450 
Resolved, That immediately upon adoption 
of this resolution, the House shall proceed to the consideration in the House of the bill (H.R. 597) to reauthorize the Export-Import Bank of the United States, and for other pur-poses. All points of order against consider-ation of the bill are waived. An amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of H.R. 3611, as introduced, shall be considered as adopted. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill, as amended, and on any further amendment thereto, to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and rank-ing minority member of the Committee on Financial Services or their respective des-ignees; and (2) one motion to recommit with or without instructions. 
S
EC. 2. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not 
apply to the consideration of H.R. 597. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Tennessee is recognized for 1 hour. 
Mr. FINCHER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself as much time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, there has been a lot of 
conversation here tonight about what we are doing and how this happened and what we are going to do next. 
Mr. Speaker, the reason why we are 
here tonight, I didn’t sign up to come to Washington from Frog Jump, the place I live, to do discharge petitions. The reason I did come to Washington was to work for my district and try to make sure that hardworking men and women all over this country and my district have jobs. 
Mr. Speaker, that is what the Ex-
port-Import Bank does. It helps create thousands of jobs, specifically, 200,000 jobs each year. 
Now, let me be clear because there 
has been a lot of misconception or misperception, whatever you want to say, about what this costs the tax-payer. Mr. Speaker, this is at no cost to the U.S. taxpayer. In fact, the Ex-port-Import Bank returned $675 million to the U.S. Treasury in fiscal year 2014. In 2013, it returned more than $1 bil-lion, Mr. Speaker. 
This is not a minority procedure, this 
is not a Democrat procedure that is happening tonight. This is a Repub-lican-led position. This is a Republican reform bill that we are doing. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:33 Oct 27, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26OC7.011 H26OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7183 October 26, 2015 
b1930 
More reforms than have been done in 
probably 50 years. I haven’t looked spe-cifically, but I think President Reagan did a lot, and other Presidents have done them. 
But this is about jobs, Mr. Speaker. 
Think about this. We go home to our districts every weekend, and we talk to constituents every weekend. Think about constituents that come up to us and say: Congressman, have you bal-anced the budget? We say: No, we are working on it, but we haven’t done it yet. 
I don’t want to offend any of my col-
leagues on the other side of the aisle. I am probably going to, but I don’t mean it. Our constituents say: Well, Con-gressman, have you repealed ObamaCare? I say: Well, no, not yet, but we are working on it. 
Then they look at us and they say: 
Tell me, Congressman, you have done away with the only thing that we know of that helps create thousands of jobs all over this country and possibly would help create the job that they had because of some ideology or some con-servative group that is scoring a Mem-ber of Congress, and now I don’t have a job, and I am on unemployment. 
Mr. Speaker, our constituents and 
hardworking Americans deserve better. They deserve better than Members of Congress playing political games be-cause of scorecards. 
I serve under one of the most prin-
cipled chairmen, probably the most principled chairman in Congress, and I agree with him on 99.9 percent of ev-erything that we do in our committee. We just happen to disagree on this one issue. My chairman is passionate and principled, and I never would doubt that. 
Mr. Speaker, I won’t take much more 
time. If America is going to get out of the hole we are in as a country, then Congress must start working together. Mr. Speaker, we should applaud. We should be happy on the day—and I don’t want to offend the gentlewoman from California who spoke earlier, but we should be happy on the day when Democrats want to join Republicans on legislation that helps move the coun-try forward. They are clapping, that is awesome. 
We are trying to do what we think is 
best, and the Export-Import Bank doesn’t cost the taxpayers a dime. It helps create thousands of jobs all over this country and makes sure we don’t lose thousands of jobs to 60 other coun-tries that have these credit agencies. 
Mr. Speaker, I don’t know what else 
to say. This is regular order, this closed rule. I am going to close in 10 seconds, but this is all about regular order. We could have had amendments. We could have had a thousand amend-ments in our committee, but we chose to go this route. We didn’t choose it. Some of us chose to go this route. We are dealing with this today. Our con-stituents deserve better, and we have to do better. With that, Mr. Speaker, I urge my 
colleagues to support the rule and the underlying bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time, 
and I move the previous question on the resolution. 
PARLIAMENTARY INQUIRIES  
Mr. HENSARLING. Parliamentary 
inquiry, Mr. Speaker. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Texas will state his par-liamentary inquiry. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, the 
resolution before the House is H. Res. 450 which, as I understand it, would es-tablish the rule for debate on this Ex- Im reauthorization bill, that it does not make in order any amendments. 
The closed rule means that in addi-
tion to not having any debate on the rule—since all time has now been yield-ed back, with no other Member having a chance to speak—Members have been denied their chance to participate in that part of the process. 
My parliamentary inquiry is whether 
there is any way, at this juncture, for Members to amend the resolution, H. Res. 450, to give Members an oppor-tunity to offer amendments to the un-
derlying Ex-Im reauthorization bill? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair was about to put the question on ordering the previous question. 
If the motion for the previous ques-
tion was rejected, there would be a po-tential for further debate on, or amend-ment to, House Resolution 450. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, fur-
ther parliamentary inquiry. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman will state his parliamentary in-quiry. 
Mr. HENSARLING. So, if the pre-
vious question is defeated, then a Mem-ber who is opposed to the previous question would be afforded the oppor-tunity to offer an amendment to H. Res. 450 that would strike the text of the closed, no amendments rule and re-place it with the text of a rule that provided for consideration of the un-derlying Ex-Im reauthorization bill through an open process, with time for debate, where any Member—either Re-publican or Democrat—could offer ger-mane amendments to the bill. Is that correct, Mr. Speaker? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair cannot respond to specific hypotheticals, but if the motion for the previous question were rejected, there would be potential for further debate on, or amendment to, House Resolution 450. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, fur-
ther parliamentary inquiry. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman will state his parliamentary in-quiry. 
Mr. HENSARLING. If the previous 
question is defeated, may I or any Member who votes against the previous question claim time to offer such an amendment to create an open rules process for consideration of the under-lying Ex-Im reauthorization bill where Members on both sides of the aisle can offer amendments to the bill? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair cannot judge that at this time. 
Mr. HENSARLING. I thank the 
Speaker. 
Mr. MULVANEY. Mr. Speaker, par-
liamentary inquiry. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman will state his parliamentary in-quiry. 
Mr. MULVANEY. A few minutes ago, 
in reference to a question raised by the gentleman from Texas, you indicated that the amendments would be in order if the motion for the previous question failed. 
My question is: Are motions to 
amend in order before the motion for the previous question comes to the floor? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The pre-
vious question has preferential stand-ing. 
Mr. MULVANEY. Mr. Speaker, I have 
an amendment at the desk. I would like to have it heard now. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The pre-
vious question has already been moved. 
Mr. MULVANEY. No, it hasn’t. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair is about to put the question on ordering the previous question on the resolution. 
Mr. MULVANEY. Mr. Speaker, par-
liamentary inquiry. Who moved the previous question? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Tennessee. 
Mr. MULVANEY. Was that seconded? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The pre-
vious question does not require a sec-ond. 
Mr. MULVANEY. Mr. Speaker, I have 
an amendment at the desk. I would simply like to ask what rule the Chair is relying on in denying me the ability to bring that amendment now. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Clause 4 
of rule XVI. 
The question is on ordering the pre-
vious question on the resolution. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, on 
that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-
VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1090, RETAIL INVESTOR PRO-TECTION ACT 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia, from the 
Committee on Rules, submitted a priv-ileged report (Rept. No. 114–313) on the resolution (H. Res. 491) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1090) to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to provide protections for retail customers, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Cal-endar and ordered to be printed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Oct 27, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26OC7.015 H26OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7184 October 26, 2015 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
GRAVES of Louisiana). Pursuant to 
clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will post-pone further proceedings today on the motion to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. 
Any record vote on the postponed 
question will be taken later. 
f 
b1945 
RESEARCH EXCELLENCE AND AD-
VANCEMENTS FOR DYSLEXIA ACT 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3033) to require the Presi-dent’s annual budget request to Con-gress each year to include a line item for the Research in Disabilities Edu-cation program of the National Science Foundation and to require the National Science Foundation to conduct re-search on dyslexia, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3033 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Research 
Excellence and Advancements for Dyslexia Act’’ or the ‘‘READ Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
The Congress finds the following: (1) As many as one out of six, or 8,500,000, 
American school children may have dyslexia. 
(2) Since 1975, dyslexia has been included in 
the list of qualifying learning disabilities under the Education for All Handicapped Children Act of 1975 and the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act. 
SEC. 3. RESEARCH IN DISABILITIES EDUCATION. 
(a) P ROGRAM .—Nothing in this Act alters 
the National Science Foundation’s Research in Disabilities Education program for funda-mental and implementation research about learners (of all ages) with disabilities, in-cluding dyslexia, in science, technology, en-gineering, and mathematics (STEM). The National Science Foundation shall continue to encourage efforts to understand and ad-dress disability-based differences in STEM education and workforce participation, in-cluding differences for dyslexic learners. 
(b) L
INEITEM.—The Director of the Na-
tional Science Foundation shall include the amount requested for the Research in Dis-abilities Education program in the Founda-tion’s annual congressional budget justifica-tion. 
SEC. 4. DYSLEXIA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The National Science 
Foundation shall support multi-directorate, merit-reviewed, and competitively awarded research on the science of dyslexia, including research on the early identification of chil-dren and students with dyslexia, professional development for teachers and administrators of students with dyslexia, curricula and edu-cational tools needed for children with dys-lexia, and implementation and scaling of successful models of dyslexia intervention. Research supported under this subsection shall be conducted with the goal of practical application. (b) F
UNDING .—The National Science Foun-
dation shall devote at least $5,000,000 annu-ally to research described in subsection (a), subject to the availability of appropriations, to come from amounts made available for the Research and Related Activities account or the Education and Human Resources Di-rectorate. No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated under this section. This Act shall be carried out using funds other-wise appropriated by law after the date of enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH) and the gentleman 
from Virginia (Mr. B EYER ) each will 
control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3033, the Research 
Excellence and Advancements for Dys-lexia Act, or READ Act, will help mil-lions of Americans who struggle with dyslexia. It is fitting that the House considers this bill today, as October is Dyslexia Awareness Month. 
Dyslexia affects an estimated 8.5 mil-
lion school children and 1 in 6 Ameri-cans in some form. It causes these indi-viduals to have difficulties with read-ing, though they often have normal or above-average intelligence. 
Despite the prevalence of dyslexia, 
many Americans remain undiagnosed, untreated, and silently struggle at school or work. Too many children undiagnosed with dyslexia have dif-ficulties in the classroom and some-times drop out of school and face un-certain futures. 
The READ Act requires the National 
Science Foundation’s budget to include a specific line item for the Research in Disabilities Education program. The bill requires the NSF to invest at least $5 million annually for merit-reviewed, competitively-awarded dyslexia re-search projects. 
The bill uses funds already appro-
priated for the NSF and does not au-thorize any additional spending for these priority projects. 
NSF research supported by the READ 
Act is focused on practical applica-tions, which include the following: Early identification of children and students with dyslexia, professional de-velopment for teachers and administra-tors of students with dyslexia, cur-ricula and educational tools needed for children with dyslexia, and implemen-tation and scaling of successful models of dyslexia intervention. 
The House Science, Space and Tech-
nology Committee held a hearing last year on the science of dyslexia. Experts 
testified how research in the area of neuroscience has led to practical ways to better diagnose and deal with dys-lexia but that more research is nec-essary. 
At a second committee hearing held 
just a few weeks ago, we heard from ex-perts who work directly with dyslexic students and their teachers. They know firsthand about the obstacles these children, parents, and educators face, and they stress the importance of research in developing practical tools. 
If you can’t read, it is hard to 
achieve. If we change the way we ap-proach dyslexia, we can turn this dis-ability into an opportunity for a brighter and more productive future for millions of Americans. 
I am a co-chair of the bipartisan Dys-
lexia Caucus, along with Congress-woman J
ULIA BROWNLEY , which is com-
prised of more than 100 Members of Congress. 
I have met hundreds of children and 
their parents in my congressional dis-trict in Texas and others across the U.S. who are affected by dyslexia, and they have shared their personal stories with me. 
One child I met recently was Eddie, a 
middle school student from Baltimore. He, along with his family, has been on a long journey to receive a proper diag-nosis and find a supportive learning en-vironment. 
After our meeting, his mother wrote 
me a letter explaining: ‘‘In only 1 year, Eddie has gone from repeatedly miss-ing recess because he would not ‘try harder,’ a boy who would stare at his homework in defeat before he has even tried an assignment, to a boy now dar-ing to dream of a career in the sciences.’’ 
Eddie is very fortunate to have a 
mother who advocated for his proper education. He is now not only able to learn, but also to excel. His mother comments: ‘‘He is a voracious reader and wants to join the Jet Propulsion Lab or work with NASA.’’ 
I also have had the pleasure of meet-
ing an Austin, Texas, resident Robbi Cooper and her son, Ben. They shared many stories with me about the hard-ships they have faced in their attempts to ensure Ben receives the best edu-cation possible. 
Ben has even taken his abilities one 
step further by becoming an advocate and has traveled to D.C. numerous times to lobby Congress so others can learn from his experiences. 
The bipartisan READ Act, which 
unanimously passed the Science Com-mittee 2 weeks ago, will help ensure that all children like Eddie and Ben have the means to succeed. Nothing could be more important to them. 
I also want to acknowledge two 
young friends who are on the floor with me today, Leighton and Gipson, who have an interest in this bill too. 
The READ Act is a significant step in 
the right direction to help those with dyslexia. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Oct 27, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26OC7.016 H26OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7185 October 26, 2015 
Thanks go to my Dyslexia Caucus co- 
chair, Representative J ULIA BROWNLEY , 
and the other cosponsors of the READ Act, such as Congressman D
ONBEYER , 
who is handling the other side of this debate tonight, for their interest and support. And I urge my other col-leagues to better the lives of millions of children and adults with dyslexia. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 
3033, the Research Excellence and Ad-vancements for Dyslexia Act, or the READ Act. Passing this bill is the per-fect way to honor October, National Dyslexia Awareness Month. 
As my friend, the chairman, has said, 
dyslexia is a learning disorder charac-terized by difficulty reading due to problems identifying speech sounds and learning how they relate to letters and words. 
Unfortunately, many children are 
not diagnosed or are diagnosed later in life, leaving them with little access to helpful interventions and technologies. Too often our educators do not have the proper training to identify students with learning disabilities, including dyslexia. 
This bill would fund research on the 
early identification of individuals with dyslexia and professional development for teachers and school administrators. 
There is a lack of research on cur-
ricula development and educational tools for students with dyslexia, and I am happy to report that this bill would fund that research into that as well. 
Finally, as we heard from our expert 
witnesses during the committee hear-ings on this topic, there is a significant gap in getting the research from the laboratories into the hands of teachers and administrators. To address this gap, we need more research on under-standing which experimental innova-tions will be successful in the class-rooms and research on how best to scale those successful interventions. 
Having an intervention work in the 
laboratory is not enough. The interven-tion needs to work in classroom set-tings, which are very heterogeneous environments. 
Mr. Speaker, I have a first cousin 
who was raised just across the river in Fairfax County. He was a most clever child because he managed to make it all the way to eighth grade before they realized that he didn’t know how to read. He has had a good career, but I wonder what kind of professor or Su-preme Court Justice or even rocket sci-entist he would have made with early intervention. 
Mr. Speaker, my oldest child had a 
passel of learning disabilities but also had and has a very high IQ. At the school he attended to address these dis-abilities, the walls were adorned with photos of Albert Einstein, Winston Churchill, and Thomas Edison. 
These remarkable men remind us of 
the promise of every child, that a learning disability like dyslexia need not hold a child back from an extraor-
dinary life and an extraordinary edu-cation. This is why we need the READ Act: to help realize the promise of every child with dyslexia. 
On this remarkable bipartisan night, 
I want to thank my Texas friends, Chairman S
MITH and Ranking Member 
JOHNSON , for working across the aisle 
together to make improvements to this bill during the committee process. 
I am proud to be an original cospon-
sor of this bill, and I urge my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle to support it. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 
first of all, I would like to thank Mr. B
EYER for his generous comments. It 
has been nice working together with him on this particular bill. 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman 
from Virginia (Mrs. C
OMSTOCK ), who 
happens to be the chair of the Research and Technology Subcommittee of the full Science Committee. 
Mrs. COMSTOCK. I thank the chair-
man for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of H.R. 3033, the Research Excellence and Advancements for Dyslexia Act, also known as the READ Act. 
Coming from a family of educators 
and as the daughter of a librarian, I truly understand the effects a reading disability can have on children. Read-ing opens up such a wide world for chil-dren and for all of us, and no one should be cut off from that beautiful world that reading opens up to us. 
When dyslexia goes undiagnosed, it 
can result in struggles in the classroom and continue through into their ca-reers as adults. 
Despite knowledge of the condition 
since the 19th century, many Ameri-cans remain undiagnosed and un-treated. Given what we know today and we know the advancements we can make with research and technology, we need to make sure we are not letting that stand. 
In July, I joined a bipartisan group of 
my colleagues to cosponsor the READ Act. The bill requires the President’s annual budget request to Congress to include a line item for the Research in Disabilities Education program of the National Science Foundation. 
It also requires the National Science 
Foundation to devote at least $5 mil-lion annually to dyslexia research, which would focus on best practices for early identification of children and students with dyslexia, professional de-velopment about dyslexia for teachers and administrators, and then programs development and evidence-based edu-cational tools for children and all of those who are dealing with this. 
I would like to thank Chairman 
S
MITH, the committee staff, the rank-
ing members, and everyone who sup-ported this important bipartisan legis-lation. 
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. B
ROWNLEY ). Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Mr. 
Speaker, as co-chair of the Congres-sional Dyslexia Caucus, I rise in strong support of this bipartisan bill, the READ Act, which will ensure, finally, that science drives informed public pol-icy. 
I want to thank Chairman S
MITH for 
his passionate leadership on this issue. Today is a day, I think, that we can all celebrate, and I want to thank him very, very much for all of his efforts. 
The READ Act will increase National 
Science Foundation research on dys-lexia, including best practices on early identification and professional develop-ment for teachers and school adminis-trators. 
It will also support research on the 
most effective teaching practices and curriculum models for students with dyslexia. 
The research this bill supports can 
make a difference, a big, big difference, in the lives of millions of American children. Learning disabilities like dys-lexia and attention-related disorders affect as many as one in five children in our country. 
It was my daughter Hannah’s strug-
gle with dyslexia, that led me, quite frankly, to public service. Out of real frustration, I ran for my local school board because, as a parent, it was clear to me that our schools were unprepared 
to meet my daughter’s needs and to meet the needs of students with dys-lexia, and teachers had never been properly trained to identify this learn-ing disability. 
After 12 years on the school board, I 
was elected to my State legislature. And as chair of the California Assem-
bly on Education, I also worked to im-prove education for students with learning disabilities. 
Now, as a Member of Congress, I 
want to do my part at the Federal level. 
Across the country, many States are 
stepping up to this challenge. They have passed new laws to update their education codes, get assistive tech-nology into more classrooms, and to boost teacher training. 
Advancements in cognitive science 
can teach us much more about how the brain develops and, therefore, how chil-dren learn. 
In closing, I want to share with ev-
eryone that my daughter is now 30 years old. She speaks three languages, and she is saving the world one life at a time in Africa. So she finally got the services she needs and is being very successful in life and following her own dreams. 
I also want to thank, again, the gen-
tleman from Texas, who is my co-chair on the Dyslexia Caucus, as well as all the members of the Science Committee for their bipartisan support for the READ Act. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ 
on this very important piece of legisla-tion. 
b2000 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:05 Oct 27, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26OC7.018 H26OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7186 October 26, 2015 
Ohio (Mr. J OHNSON ), who is a distin-
guished member of the Science Com-mittee. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. I thank the 
chairman. I am grateful for all the work that the Dyslexia Caucus has done to advance this very, very impor-tant piece of legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 
3033, the Research Excellence and Ad-vancements for Dyslexia, or the READ Act. This important legislation would require that the President’s annual budget to Congress specifically fund the Research in Disabilities Education program at the National Science Foun-dation. It would also require NSF to devote at least $5 million annually to dyslexia research. 
You are probably going to hear mul-
tiple Members come up tonight and talk about personal stories, about how this hits so very close to home for some of us. I have a 13-year-old grand-daughter in Texas, Marin Mangiaracinia. I have watched over the years as she and her mother and her dad have struggled to help try to iden-tify the problems that she has with learning, teachers that were unpre-pared to diagnose, to identify the symptoms of dyslexia. 
Even then, once she was diagnosed 
and identified, having those tools and support applied consistently from one school to another or from one teacher to another is still problematic. 
Today Marin is a member of the Na-
tional Honor Society because of the help that has been provided to her. But she still struggles. She has created a Web site on her own to draw attention to this important problem, and she is working hard to improve herself per-sonally. 
I can’t say enough about how proud I 
am of her and the many others that are afflicted with this condition. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues on 
both sides of the aisle to support H.R. 3033. 
Mr. BEYER. I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. W
ESTERMAN ), who is a 
member of the Science Committee. 
Mr. WESTERMAN. I thank the chair-
man for his leadership on this issue. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise tonight in support 
of the READ Act. I rise as the husband of a special education teacher and not just any special education teacher, one that has a real passion for helping chil-dren with reading disabilities and one that has seen firsthand the successes that happen when research-based inter-ventions are used with children with dyslexia. 
Dyslexia is the most common learn-
ing disability. It affects more than 90 percent of all individuals identified as learning disabled. It is estimated to af-fect one out of six U.S. schoolchildren. 
This learning disability causes dif-
ficulty with reading comprehension, math, and a variety of other subject areas. Students with dyslexia should receive research-based instruction so 
they have the best opportunity to learn and succeed in the 21st century. That is why I cosponsored the READ Act of 2015, a bill that requires the National Science Foundation to fund dyslexia research. 
NSF-supported research will 
strengthen practical interventions, in-cluding early identification of dyslexia, development of curricula, and other tools to help dyslexics. It will help identify scalable models for imple-menting dyslexia programs in schools. 
The READ Act does not increase Fed-
eral spending. It authorizes multidirec-torate, merit-reviewed, and competi-tively awarded dyslexia projects using funds appropriated for the NSF Re-search and Related Activities Account and the education and human resources directorate. This bill is good for stu-dents, it is good for educators, and it is good for America. 
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. P
ALAZZO ), who is a 
member of the Appropriations Com-mittee but, more importantly, is a former member of the Science Com-mittee. 
Mr. PALAZZO. I thank the gen-
tleman from Texas, the entire Dyslexia Caucus, and also the comments from many of my colleagues tonight. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the 
READ Act. Dyslexia is one of the most common learning disabilities in the United States, affecting an estimated 8.5 million schoolchildren and one in six Americans in some form. Despite these statistics, millions of children go undiagnosed and millions more do not receive proper educational assistance. 
The READ Act addresses this prob-
lem by requiring the National Science Foundation to fund research that pro-motes greater awareness of how to identify students with dyslexia and how to tailor a curriculum to better fit their needs. The READ Act also aims to put more resources in the hands of parents, teachers, and students. 
As an original cosponsor of this bill, 
a member of the bipartisan Congres-sional Dyslexia Caucus, and as a parent who has seen firsthand the challenges facing today’s dyslexic students, I firmly believe that research focused on practical applications is needed to not only help understand dyslexia, but also to afford students an education that enables them to succeed in the class-room and reach their full potential. 
The READ Act provides an oppor-
tunity for a brighter and more produc-tive future for millions of Americans. For these reasons, I fully support the READ Act and encourage my col-leagues to do the same. 
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. B
UCSHON ), who is a mem-
ber of the Energy and Commerce Com-mittee and a former member of the 
Science Committee. 
Mr. BUCSHON. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in support of H.R. 3033, the Re-search Excellence and Advancements for Dyslexia Act, the READ Act. 
Dyslexia is a personal issue for my 
family. My daughter struggled to learn to read. She dreaded reading aloud in class and worrying about what her classmates thought affected her self-es-teem. 
My wife and I had her tutored, and 
we had some testing. With hard work, our daughter was able to catch up and surpass her classmates. But it wasn’t until high school that she was diag-nosed with dyslexia. 
This is an important piece of legisla-
tion that dedicates specific funds to dyslexia research, including early de-tection. This bill will help more chil-dren get a proper diagnosis. 
I sometimes wonder, had my wife and 
I not been engaged in this process, what might have become of my daugh-ter’s academic career and what about all the other students out there who may be misdiagnosed. So I encourage my colleagues to support the READ Act. 
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
am prepared to close if the gentleman from Virginia has no more speakers. 
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself the balance of my time to close. 
Mr. Speaker, I thank the Members on 
both sides of the aisle who have co-sponsored the READ Act and spoken in favor of the bill. 
Today we can shine a light on dys-
lexia and help millions of Americans have a brighter and more prosperous future. 
I can think of no better way to honor 
Dyslexia Awareness Month than to pass the READ Act, a bill that will help students and individuals with dys-lexia and the parents and teachers who support them in very practical ways. 
Jay Leno, Walt Disney, Steve Jobs, 
and Carol Greider, the 2009 Nobel Prize winner in medicine, among others, are some of the most recognized and bril-liant creators and innovators who have struggled with dyslexia but have not let it limit them. 
We need to enable those with dys-
lexia to achieve their maximum poten-tial. The READ Act will help accom-plish this. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3033, the Research Excellence and Advancements for Dyslexia Act 
H.R. 3033 would require the National 
Science Foundation to have a line item for the Research in Disabilities Education program and to fund at least $5 million dollars a year on dyslexia research. This would include re-search on the early identification of individuals with dyslexia, professional development for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:33 Oct 27, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K26OC7.021 H26OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7187 October 26, 2015 
teachers and school administrators, curricula 
development and educational tools, and imple-mentation and scaling of successful models of dyslexia intervention. 
I have known several people who have dys-
lexia. Although dyslexia is a lifelong condition, if someone gets proper diagnosis and instruc-tion, they can succeed in school and go on to have successful careers. 
The National Science Foundation currently 
supports fundamental research across a num-ber of scientific fields that provide a foundation for dyslexia research. Also, the National Science Foundation is a leader in educational research and funds learning science directly and indirectly related to dyslexia. 
A significant amount of the National Science 
Foundation research relevant to dyslexia is funded out of the Social, Behavioral, and Eco-nomic Sciences Directorate and the Education and Human Resources Directorate—two im-portant National Science Foundation Direc-torates that fund high-priority research. Re-search funded by the Biological Sciences Di-rectorate also contributes to foundational knowledge about the neuroscience behind dyslexia. 
I was pleased that when this bill was con-
sidered by the House Science, Space, and Technology Committee, we worked in a bipar-tisan manner and made several improvements to the bill, including incorporating some of the suggestions that expert witnesses had given us during Committee hearings. 
I want to thank my fellow Texan, Chairman 
S
MITH for working across the aisle on this bill. 
I support the bill and urge my colleagues to support it. 
Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to urge my support for H.R. 3033, the Re-search Excellence and Advancements for Dys-lexia (READ) Act. I would like to emphasize the importance of supporting the academic de-velopment of the 8.5 million American school children struggling with dyslexia. 
Before they are diagnosed, children with 
dyslexia often struggle in school. Early detec-tion of dyslexia can save students and parents the frustration that occurs as a result of the student’s unexpected decline in academic per-formance. I am fighting for increased funding of the National Science Foundation’s Re-search in Disabilities Education to support these children and their families. Research is crucial to ensure that dyslexic children have the opportunity to reach their full potential. That is why it is vitally important to expand funding for research in all of our schools and communities. 
In my District, I have spoken with many par-
ents concerned about the lack of programs designed to assist with the diagnosis and de-velopment of dyslexic children. By passing this legislation, we will continue our legacy of sup-porting children and families. The READ Act would require that the President’s annual budget request to Congress includes a line item for the Research in Disabilities Education program of the National Science Foundation and requires the National Science Foundation to conduct research on dyslexia. In addition, the National Science Foundation would en-courage efforts to understand and address disability-based differences in STEM education and workforce participation, including dyslexic learners. 
I am grateful that our chamber has taken 
this important step to ensure that dyslexic chil-dren and their families receive the support 
they need. I want to thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for supporting children’s education and further dedicating ourselves to serving our hard-working American families and their children. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH) 
that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3033, as amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
DAY OF THE DEPLOYED 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recogni-tion of the 10th anniversary of the Na-tional Day of the Deployed, which hon-ors all the men and women who have been deployed and who have dedicated their lives to the defense and the con-tinued freedom of our Nation. 
On Sunday, October 25, I attended a 
welcome home celebration for 25 mem-bers of the 112th Air Operations Squad-ron based in State College, Pennsyl-vania. These men and women were in-volved in all aspects of air operations in the Middle East and have been in-strumental in the fight against ISIS. The 112th Air Operations Squadron was the first in the Nation to be deployed in this manner many years ago, setting precedent for similar units that have been deployed since. 
Mr. Speaker, the deployed men and 
women of the United States Armed Forces leave behind their families to travel overseas in order to serve our country in places such as Iraq and Af-ghanistan, along with other missions throughout Asia and Europe. Their sac-rifices embody bravery and the love for our country. 
I welcome those brave individuals 
home and pray for those who are still serving our country overseas. May we recognize them on this 10th National Day of the Deployed. 
f 
CLIMATE CHANGE 
(Mr. HONDA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. HONDA. Mr. Speaker, last week’s 
historic storm, Hurricane Patricia, was the strongest hurricane on record. My thoughts are with those who lost their loved ones, their homes, and their live-lihoods. 
We must ensure that the thousands 
affected have access to food, shelter, clean water, services, and the resources to rebuild their lives to limit the im-pact of Patricia’s devastation. But we should not limit the storm’s impact on our consciousness. Hurricane Patricia should be a wake-up call that our plan-
et’s climate is changing. 
September was the warmest month 
ever recorded. As our planet warms, we expect more extreme weather: lengthier droughts, higher floods, and stronger storms. 
Our Nation must invest in under-
standing and better preparing for the effects of climate change. Deprioritizing earth science and cap-ping spending for research programs is irresponsible and shortsighted. 
Hurricane Patricia showed how being 
informed and prepared about coming storms can save lives. Investment in earth science research is vital to im-proving our understanding of our plan-et and building resiliency to a shifting climate. 
f 
REMEMBERING COACH FLIP 
SAUNDERS 
(Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, we lost 
a good man, mentor, and coach this past weekend with the passing of Flip Saunders. 
While the veteran NBA coach grew 
up in the Cleveland, Ohio, area, he will forever be a true Minnesotan to many of us. It started with his career as a player at the University of Minnesota, where he started over 100 games for the Golden Gophers. 
After his playing career was over, he 
began his coaching career at Golden Valley Lutheran College before work-ing his way up to the NBA. Flip coached the Minnesota Timberwolves to their first winning season, their first playoff appearance, and to an appear-ance in the Western Conference finals. 
More than accolades, though, Flip 
was a mentor to many. The outpouring of grief from players, coaches, sports-writers, and fans shows just what he meant to those who knew him. Mr. Speaker, Flip Saunders was a basket-ball icon in Minnesota, and he will be greatly missed. 
Our thoughts and prayers are with 
his wife Debbie and their four children. 
f 
b2015 
WHY DOES THE IRS NEED SUR-
VEILLANCE EQUIPMENT? TO SPY ON AMERICANS 
(Mr. POE of Texas asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the 
Department of Justice has closed its investigation into Lois Lerner and her band of bungling bureaucrats at the IRS. Choosing political expediency, it won’t prosecute the actors. 
But according to news reports today, 
not only did officials at the IRS abuse their power by targeting the adminis-tration’s political enemies, now they possess spy equipment to do it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Oct 27, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26OC7.004 H26OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7188 October 26, 2015 
Now the IRS will have ‘‘sophisticated 
cellphone dragnet equipment known as Stingray.’’ These devices ‘‘work by pre-tending to be cellphone towers in order to strip metadata and in some cases even content from phones which con-nect to them.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, why does the IRS want 
to spy on Americans? It sounds like the old Soviet Union to me. The Fourth Amendment protects Americans from this type of widespread, abusive gov-ernment spying. 
It is time for Congress to make sure 
that the constitutional right of privacy applies to the IRS and to this new technology. Technology may change, but the Constitution does not. 
And that is just the way it is. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: 
Mr. P AYNE (at the request of Ms. 
PELOSI ) for today on account of a med-
ical procedure. 
f 
EXPENDITURES BY THE OFFICE 
OF GENERAL COUNSEL UNDER HOUSE RESOLUTION 676, 113TH CONGRESS 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON HOUSE ADMINISTRA -
TION, 
Washington, DC, October 26, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER , Pursuant to section 
3(b) of H. Res. 676 of the 113th Congress, as continued by section 3(f)(2) of H. Res. 5 of the 114th Congress, I write with the following en-closure which is a statement of the aggre-gate amount expended on outside counsel and other experts on any civil action author-ized by H. Res. 676. 
Sincerely, 
C
ANDICE S. M ILLER , 
Chairman, 
Committee on House Administration. 
AGGREGATE AMOUNT EXPENDED ON OUTSIDE COUNSEL 
OR OTHER EXPERTS—H. RES. 676 
July 1–September 30, 2014 ................................................... 0.00 
October 1–December 31, 2014 .............................................. $42,875.00 January 1–March 31, 2015 ................................................... 50,000.00 April 1, 2015–June 30, 2015 ................................................ 29,915.00 July 1–September 30, 2015 ................................................... 21,000.00 
Total .............................................................................. 143,790.00 
f 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, 
reported and found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the following title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 774. An act to strengthen enforcement 
mechanisms to stop illegal, unreported, and unregulated fishing, to amend the Tuna Con-ventions Act of 1950 to implement the Anti-gua Convention, and for other purposes. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 8 o’clock and 15 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tues-day, October 27, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
3252. A letter from the Deputy Assistant 
Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Revisions to the Unverified List (UVL) [Docket No.: 150817734-5734-01] (RIN: 0694-AG72) received October 23, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 
3253. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification, pursuant to Sec. 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 15-041; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
3254. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification, pursuant to Sec. 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 15-064; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
3255. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a certification, pursuant to Sec. 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act, Transmittal No.: DDTC 15-027; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
3256. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a letter and relevant docu-mentation concerning the implementation of commitments in the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, pursuant to the Iran Free-dom and Counter-Proliferation Act of 2012, the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996, the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012, and the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012; jointly to the Committees on Foreign Affairs, Fi-nancial Services, Oversight and Government Reform, the Judiciary, and Ways and Means. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. CONAWAY: Committee on Agri-
culture. H.R. 1317. A bill to amend the Com-modity Exchange Act and the Securities Ex-change Act of 1934 to specify how clearing re-quirements apply to certain affiliate trans-actions, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–311 Pt. 1). Ordered to be printed. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida: Committee on 
Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 1338. A bill to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to conduct a study on matters relating to the burial of unclaimed remains of veterans in national cemeteries, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–312). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: Committee on 
Rules. House Resolution 491. Resolution pro-viding for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1090) to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to provide protections for retail customers, 
and for other purposes (Rept. 114–313). Re-ferred to the House Calendar. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Ms. BROWN of Florida (for herself, 
Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Ms. 
NORTON , Ms. A DAMS , Mr. S COTT of 
Virginia, Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Ms. 
EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. 
SEWELL of Alabama, Mrs. B EATTY , 
Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. J EFFRIES , 
Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. F ATTAH , Ms. 
FUDGE , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Ms. 
PLASKETT , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. J OHNSON  
of Georgia, Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. D ANNY  
K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. J ACKSON  
LEE, Mr. R ICHMOND , Ms. W ILSON of 
Florida, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. C LYBURN , 
Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. B ASS, 
Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. V EASEY , 
Ms. M AXINE WATERS of California, 
Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. L EE, Mr. R USH, Mr. 
CLAY, Mr. L EWIS, and Mr. C UMMINGS ): 
H.R. 3828. A bill to amend the National Ag-
ricultural Research, Extension, and Teach-ing Policy Act of 1977 to provide for an equi-table distribution of formula funds between land-grant colleges and universities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agri-culture. 
By Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN: 
H.R. 3829. A bill to promote transparency, 
accountability, and reform within the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Pal-estine Refugees in the Near East, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Ms. VELA ´ZQUEZ (for herself and 
Mr. J
EFFRIES ): 
H.R. 3830. A bill to reduce gun violence, in-
crease mental health counseling, and en-hance the tracking of lost and stolen fire-arms; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on the Ju-diciary, and Energy and Commerce, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. BRADY of Texas (for himself, 
Mr. M
URPHY of Florida, Mr. P ITTS, 
Mr. T HOMPSON of California, and Mr. 
CA´RDENAS ): 
H.R. 3831. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to extend the annual comment period for payment rates under Medicare Advantage; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. RENACCI (for himself, Mr. 
L
EWIS, Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. B UCHANAN , 
and Mr. R EICHERT ): 
H.R. 3832. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to prevent tax-related iden-tity theft and tax fraud, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on the Ju-diciary, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Ms. WILSON of Florida: 
H.R. 3833. A bill to require a regional strat-
egy to address the threat posed by Boko Haram; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:33 Oct 27, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K26OC7.025 H26OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7189 October 26, 2015 
and in addition to the Committee on Intel-
ligence (Permanent Select), for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. WHITFIELD: 
H.J. Res. 71. A joint resolution providing 
for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule sub-mitted by the Environmental Protection Agency relating to ‘‘Standards of Perform-ance for Greenhouse Gas Emissions from New, Modified, and Reconstructed Sta-tionary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. WHITFIELD: 
H.J. Res. 72. A joint resolution providing 
for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule sub-mitted by the Environmental Protection Agency relating to ‘‘Carbon Pollution Emis-sion Guidelines for Existing Stationary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. MEADOWS: 
H. Con. Res. 87. Concurrent resolution ex-
pressing support for designation of October 28 as ‘‘Honoring the Nation’s First Respond-ers Day’’; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. POE of Texas (for himself and 
Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas): 
H. Res. 492. A resolution supporting the 
goals and ideals of October as National Do-mestic Violence Awareness Month and ex-pressing the sense of the House of Represent-atives that Congress should continue to raise awareness of domestic violence and its dev-astating effects on individuals, families, and communities, and support programs designed to end domestic violence in the United States; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. COURTNEY: 
H. Res. 493. A resolution recognizing Con-
necticut’s Submarine Century, the 100th an-niversary of the establishment of Naval Sub-marine Base New London, and Connecticut’s historic role in supporting the undersea ca-pabilities of the United States; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Ms. BROWN of Florida: 
H.R. 3828. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section VIII, Clause, XVIII: To make all laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof. 
By Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN: 
H.R. 3829. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution 
By Ms. VELA ´ZQUEZ: 
H.R. 3830. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power * * * To 
regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the 
Indian Tribes. 
By Mr. BRADY of Texas: 
H.R. 3831. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority on which this 
bill rests is the power of Congress to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 14 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. RENACCI: 
H.R. 3832. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress shall have Power To lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Ms. WILSON of Florida: 
H.R. 3833. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 and Article 1, 
Section 8, Clause 18 
By Mr. WHITFIELD: 
H.J. Res. 71. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Commerce Clause, Article I Section 8 
Clause 3 of the Constitution of the United States, grants Congress the power ‘‘To regu-late Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian Tribes’’. 
By Mr. WHITFIELD: 
H.J. Res. 72. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Commerce Clause, Article I Section 8 
Clause 3 of the Constitution of the United States, grants Congress the power ‘‘To regu-late Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian Tribes’’. 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 282: Mr. L EWIS. 
H.R. 452: Mr. D EUTCH and Mr. G RAYSON . 
H.R. 563: Mr. C RENSHAW . 
H.R. 592: Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. G UINTA , Mr. 
CONNOLLY , and Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 662: Mr. P ERRY and Mr. B UCK. 
H.R. 721: Mr. C LAWSON of Florida. 
H.R. 766: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 802: Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mr. C ONNOLLY , 
and Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 815: Mr. B OUSTANY . 
H.R. 816: Mr. C HAFFETZ . 
H.R. 845: Mr. G OODLATTE . 
H.R. 870: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn-
sylvania, Mr. C A´RDENAS , and Mr. L ARSON of 
Connecticut. 
H.R. 921: Mr. K IND. 
H.R. 973: Mr. P OLIQUIN and Mr. M EEHAN . 
H.R. 985: Mr. C ICILLINE . 
H.R. 1061: Mr. V ANHOLLEN . 
H.R. 1086: Mr. R OHRABACHER . 
H.R. 1142: Mr. G UINTA . 
H.R. 1148: Mr. P OSEY . H.R. 1188: Mr. C ONNOLLY . 
H.R. 1197: Mr. R IBBLE . 
H.R. 1221: Ms. T ITUS. 
H.R. 1309: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, 
Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, and Mr. T HORN -
BERRY . 
H.R. 1453: Mr. H UDSON . 
H.R. 1475: Mr. C OLLINS of New York. 
H.R. 1550: Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 1568: Mr. S MITH of Washington and Ms. 
JUDYCHUof California. 
H.R. 1571: Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. C ONNOLLY , 
Mr. D ESAULNIER , and Mr. N ADLER . 
H.R. 1603: Mr. C LAWSON of Florida and Mr. 
LOWENTHAL . 
H.R. 1608: Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. 
MCCOLLUM , and Mrs. B USTOS . 
H.R. 1625: Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 1671: Mr. J OLLY . 
H.R. 1728: Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Ms. 
MCCOLLUM , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. V ARGAS , 
and Mr. Q UIGLEY . 
H.R. 1733: Mr. S HERMAN . 
H.R. 1737: Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. M CKINLEY , 
Mr. L OUDERMILK , and Mr. K ELLY of Pennsyl-
vania. 
H.R. 1739: Mr. S MITH of Missouri. 
H.R. 1751: Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. 
LEE, and Mr. G RAYSON . 
H.R. 1781: Ms. K ELLY of Illinois. 
H.R. 1786: Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. R OD-
NEYDAVIS of Illinois, and Ms. B ROWN of Flor-
ida. 
H.R. 1788: Mr. K LINE. 
H.R. 1814: Ms. P LASKETT and Mr. B ISHOP of 
Georgia. 
H.R. 1848: Ms. T SONGAS , Ms. R OYBAL - 
ALLARD , and Mr. K EATING . 
H.R. 1942: Mr. M CNERNEY and Mr. R OSS. 
H.R. 1966: Ms. L EE. 
H.R. 2009: Mr. S ALMON . 
H.R. 2010: Mr. N EWHOUSE and Mr. P OSEY . 
H.R. 2017: Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina 
and Mr. P OEof Texas. 
H.R. 2050: Mr. M EEHAN . 
H.R. 2209: Mr. B ARRand Mr. R OSS. 
H.R. 2355: Mr. J EFFRIES . 
H.R. 2403: Mr. K ILDEE . 
H.R. 2410: Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of 
New Mexico. 
H.R. 2412: Ms. P INGREE and Mr. A SHFORD . 
H.R. 2494: Ms. D ELBENE, Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. 
WOMACK , and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . 
H.R. 2510: Mr. C RAWFORD . 
H.R. 2513: Mr. R IBBLE . 
H.R. 2603: Mr. R OONEY of Florida. 
H.R. 2631: Mr. M ACARTHUR and Mr. P OSEY . 
H.R. 2643: Mr. A DERHOLT . 
H.R. 2646: Mr. G RAVES of Missouri. 
H.R. 2654: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK . 
H.R. 2710: Mrs. H ARTZLER , Ms. M CSALLY , 
and Mr. R OKITA . 
H.R. 2713: Mr. S CHRADER . 
H.R. 2726: Ms. J UDYCHUof California. 
H.R. 2753: Mr. S MITH of Missouri. 
H.R. 2775: Mr. D ELANEY . 
H.R. 2811: Ms. T SONGAS . 
H.R. 2844: Mr. K ILDEE . 
H.R. 2847: Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. K LINE, and Mr. 
LONG. 
H.R. 2849: Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 2867: Mr. B ECERRA , Mr. H ECKof Wash-
ington, Ms. T ITUS, Mr. S ARBANES , and Mr. A L 
GREEN of Texas. 
H.R. 2896: Mr. L AMBORN and Mr. A MODEI . 
H.R. 2903: Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. C RAWFORD , 
and Mr. S CHWEIKERT . 
H.R. 2994: Mr. R UPPERSBERGER . 
H.R. 3035: Mr. B LUMENAUER . 
H.R. 3046: Mr. D EUTCH , Ms. L EE, and Mr. 
GRAYSON . 
H.R. 3048: Mr. G OHMERT . 
H.R. 3051: Mr. B LUMENAUER and Mr. 
PETERS . 
H.R. 3071: Miss R ICEof New York. 
H.R. 3113: Mr. H ENSARLING and Mr. 
RATCLIFFE . 
H.R. 3164: Mr. H UFFMAN . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:50 Oct 27, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L26OC7.100 H26OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7190 October 26, 2015 
H.R. 3180: Mr. C OLLINS of New York. 
H.R. 3183: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. 
BYRNE , and Mr. C OLE. 
H.R. 3196: Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 3227: Mr. M ILLER of Florida. 
H.R. 3235: Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER . 
H.R. 3339: Mrs. N APOLITANO . 
H.R. 3412: Mr. D ENHAM . 
H.R. 3516: Mr. G UTHRIE and Mr. S ESSIONS . 
H.R. 3519: Mrs. T ORRES . 
H.R. 3559: Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 3573: Mr. T URNER . 
H.R. 3637: Mr. T AKANO . 
H.R. 3643: Mr. C UELLAR . 
H.R. 3655: Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina. 
H.R. 3690: Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 3696: Ms. M AXINE WATERS of Cali-
fornia, Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. K APTUR , Ms. T SON-
GAS, Mr. C UMMINGS , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, 
Ms. E SHOO , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. 
HINOJOSA , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. C ARSON of Indi-
ana, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. H ECK of Wash-
ington, Ms. B ORDALLO , and Mr. C ICILLINE . 
H.R. 3700: Mr. S HERMAN and Mr. 
PITTENGER . H.R. 3706: Mr. R OSS. 
H.R. 3741: Ms. G ABBARD . 
H.R. 3761: Ms. S LAUGHTER . 
H.R. 3779: Mr. H ANNA and Mr. O LSON . 
H.R. 3786: Mr. T AKANO , Mr. F ARR, and Mr. 
HASTINGS . 
H.R. 3801: Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 3806: Ms. D ELBENE. 
H.R. 3811: Mr. T AKANO and Mr. D EFAZIO. 
H.R. 3812: Mr. T AKANO and Mr. D EFAZIO. 
H.J. Res. 50: Mr. S TUTZMAN . 
H. Con. Res. 17: Mr. M OULTON . 
H. Con. Res. 51: Miss R ICEof New York. 
H. Con. Res. 75: Ms. B ROWNLEY of California 
and Mr. R OONEY of Florida. 
H. Res. 54: Mr. C ASTRO of Texas. 
H. Res. 137: Mr. L EVIN. 
H. Res. 210: Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina. 
H. Res. 265: Mr. C OHEN . 
H. Res. 294: Mr. K ILDEE . 
H. Res. 428: Mr. P OCAN , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , 
Mr. T AKANO , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , and Mr. N AD-
LER. 
H. Res. 467: Ms. F UDGE , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. 
MENG, Mr. M URPHY of Florida, and Mr. Y AR-
MUTH . H. Res. 479: Mr. D OLD. 
H. Res. 485: Mr. M ILLER of Florida and Mr. 
MCCLINTOCK . 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-
ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS 
Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or 
statements on congressional earmarks, 
limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
The amendment to be offered by Rep-
resentative S TEPHEN LYNCH (MA) or a des-
ignee to H.R. 1090, the Retail Investor Pro-tection Act, does not contain any congres-sional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or lim-ited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:45 Oct 27, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26OC7.013 H26OCPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S7479 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, OCTOBER 26, 2015 No. 157 
Senate 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Eternal Lord, You inspire us to joy-
fully resign to Your will, refusing to demand our own way. 
Fill our lawmakers with patience, 
contentment, and peace. Provide them with interior humility, not just the outward form. Give them a spirit that enables them to be easily reconciled with others, determined to labor for the common good. May they remember to cast their cares on You, leaning on Your sustaining power. Use them to en-courage and build up each other, striv-ing always to accomplish the most good for the most people. 
We pray in Your sacred Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
ERNST ). The majority leader is recog-
nized. 
f 
MEASURE PLACED ON THE 
CALENDAR—S. 2200 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, 
I understand there is a bill at the desk due for its second reading. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will read the bill by title for the second time. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: A bill (S. 2200) to amend the Fair Labor 
Standards Act of 1938 to strengthen equal pay requirements. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. In order to place 
the bill on the calendar under the pro-visions of rule XIV, I object to further proceedings. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
The bill will be placed on the cal-
endar. 
f 
CYBERSECURITY INFORMATION 
SHARING BILL AND FISCAL NE-GOTIATIONS 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, 
last week Senators voted overwhelm-ingly to advance legislation that will help to protect the privacy of their constituents. Experts say the tools in the bipartisan cybersecurity bill the Senate voted to advance can help pre-vent future attacks through the shar-ing of information between the public and private sectors. The legislation’s voluntary information sharing provi-sions are key to protecting the per-sonal information of the people we all represent. The bill has also been care-fully examined by Senators of both parties and contains important meas-ures to protect civil liberties and indi-vidual privacy. I thank Chairman B
URR 
and Vice Chairman F EINSTEIN of the In-
telligence Committee for their hard work on the bipartisan bill. 
We will consider a variety of amend-
ments from both sides of the aisle to-morrow. After that, we can take a final vote on the underlying bill. That will be the Senate’s initial focus this week. I will have more to say about it tomor-row. 
In the meantime, we also know that 
fiscal negotiations are ongoing. As the details come in, and especially if an agreement is reached, I intend to con-sult and discuss the details with our colleagues. 
I yield the floor. RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
BUDGET NEGOTIATIONS 
Mr. REID. Madam President, as the 
Republican leader mentioned, we con-tinue to work toward a budget agree-ment. Negotiations are ongoing. I hope Democrats and Republicans will come to a resolution that is good for our economy and our country. It is impera-tive that we avoid yet another manu-factured crisis that threatens the American economy and jobs. There is no reason to have a crisis. We must do it in a responsible manner. 
As I have been saying for a long time, 
it is past time that we do away with the harmful, draconian sequester cuts. We must also ensure that there are equal defense and nondefense cuts or increases. They need to be equal. 
Madam President, I see no one on the 
floor wishing to speak. I ask the Chair to announce the business of the rest of the day. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
Mr. REID. Madam President, I sug-
gest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. KAINE. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:06 Oct 27, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26OC6.000 S26OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7480 October 26, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRESIDENTIAL FLAG AND SEAL 
ANNIVERSARY 
Mr. KAINE. Madam President, I rise 
today to commemorate an important but largely unheralded anniversary. Seventy years ago yesterday, President Harry Truman changed the design of the Presidential flag and seal. That moment, which is a small moment in the grand scope of American history, was nevertheless very symbolic. I would like to discuss it. 
First, some context on President 
Truman. Truman was a great wartime President. He fought bravely in World War I in France, and then he had to make very momentous decisions at the close of World War II. Some would argue, and I think properly, that the decision on whether to use atomic weapons at Hiroshima and Nagasaki might have been the single most mo-mentous decision ever made by a Presi-dent. He wasn’t even aware of the Man-hattan Project and the development of the atomic weapons program until FDR died in April of 1945 and within a very few months had to make the deci-sion whether to use those weapons against Japan. 
Nobody would question or challenge 
whether Harry Truman was a softy. In fact, even after World War II, in March of 1947, America was war-weary, but he went to Congress and in an address to Congress said that we need to continue to provide military and economic sup-port to nations that are battling against Soviet influence. In this case, it was the nations of Greece and Tur-key. That began the Truman doctrine, the basic strategic principle whereby the United States, for the next 40 years, would sort of check off efforts by the Soviet Union to expand their influ-ence. Harry Truman was a great war-time President. 
Harry Truman did something on Oc-
tober 25, 1945, that was most unusual. He called the press into his office and said: Look what I have done. He un-veiled the fact that he had taken the seal and flag of the Presidency of the United States and redesigned them. That design is essentially the same today with the exception that two stars were added for the States of Alas-ka and Hawaii that came in after the Truman Presidency. 
The seal of the President, as every-
body knows—if we look around the Chamber, we can see some up on the wall here—was originally an eagle, and the eagle has two claws. In one set of claws the eagle is grasping the arrows of war, and in the other set of claws, the eagle is grasping the olive branches of peace and diplomacy. Prior to the Truman Presidency, the eagle faced to-ward the arrows of war. Harry Truman, this great wartime President, changed the seal so the olive branches of diplo-macy would be in the right claw, the sort of preserved position, and the eagle would be facing toward the olive 
branches. When he did this he said: ‘‘This new flag faces the eagle toward the staff, which is looking to the front all of the time when you are on the march, and also has it looking at the olive branch for peace, instead of the arrows of war.’’ Truman biographer David McCullough stated that Truman meant the shift in the eagle’s gaze to be seen as symbolic of a nation that was on the march and dedicated to peace and diplomacy. 
Significantly, right around the same 
time President Truman did something else that was notable and symbolical. He renamed the Department we think of as the Pentagon from the Depart-ment of War to the Department of De-fense, also symbolic of the Nation’s postwar dedication to peace. 
While we want to be the strongest— 
and we are the strongest military na-tion in the world, as the Presiding Offi-cer knows so very well—we want to al-ways suggest to the world that our in-terest is not primarily war; no, our in-terest is peace and prosperity for all. 
We always have to preserve and ad-
vance America’s military strength be-cause we know the connection. Some-times the better your military strength, the more successful you can be diplomatically, but it is also the case that the strength of your diplo-macy can also add to the credibility of your military might. 
I wish to talk quickly about the olive 
branches of peace and diplomacy and then the arrows of war. America has a great diplomatic tradition. Let’s talk about recent Presidential history. President Truman went to Congress and said: Let’s spend, in today’s dol-lars, tens of billions of dollars to re-build the economies of Japan and Ger-many, the two nations that had been at war against the United States. Ger-many had been engaged in two wars with the United States in the previous 30 years. Japan had invaded the United States at Pearl Harbor, but President Truman said: Tomorrow is more impor-tant than yesterday. Let’s spend dol-lars to rebuild these economies. It was controversial when he proposed it, but the Marshall Plan ended up being one of the most successful things the United States has done from a foreign policy perspective. 
Right after the Cuban Missile Crisis 
of 1962, President Kennedy engaged in negotiations with the Soviet Union to reduce the nuclear threat, and the re-sult was an agreement in 1963 to ban atmospheric nuclear tests, the Nuclear Test Ban Treaty. 
President Reagan was actively en-
gaged in trying to undermine the power of the Soviet Union and com-munism, but during those very vig-orous and aggressive activities, he was also negotiating with the Soviet Union on arms control agreements. Probably the paramount example of that during the Reagan Presidency was the Inter-mediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty in 1987 that he successfully negotiated. I happen to believe that history is 
going to judge the recent Iran nuclear deal in the same way. It is an effort to make tomorrow more important than yesterday and to find—even in the midst of significant challenges between the United States and Iran—a way to reduce nuclear tension. Diplomacy is always a judgment where we should try to let go some of the baggage of the past and see if we can find a better way to tomorrow. 
I am a little bit worried that the Tru-
man legacy of putting peace and diplo-macy first is fraying in this body and maybe nationally. I hope by bringing to mind this anniversary today, it will remind us of our great diplomatic his-tory and the power of our diplomatic principles. A number of times in recent years we have seen bits of evidence of a fraying commitment to diplomacy in this Chamber, in my view. 
One of the great Truman institutions 
was the International Monetary Fund which was designed to help nations work together on economic and mone-tary policy issues. It is a great global institution. When you set up an insti-tution like that in the 1940s, the chal-lenge is that when new nations emerge and rise, how do you incorporate na-tions that are newly powerful into the Fund? The most recent and challenging example has been the nation of China. As China has gotten more and more important, there were many who ad-vised us to bring China more closely into the Fund so they could assist na-tions throughout the world, but Con-gress refused to change the bylaws of the IMF to give China proportionate responsibility given its population and the strength of its economy. What did China do after we would not change the bylaws to allow them a proportionate place at the table? China established their own development bank com-pletely separate from the IMF. 
There is a debate going on right now 
in Congress about whether we should reauthorize the Ex-Im Bank—now, this dates back to FDR’s Presidency—a pre-mier institution that helps American companies find export markets abroad. Again, it is part of our broad diplo-matic effort in outreach, and suddenly it is controversial after 80 years. 
There are a number of U.N. treaties 
that we could profitably advance our interests on. The U.N. Convention on the Law of the Sea, if the United States had ratified that, we would have an additional diplomatic tool to chal-lenge Chinese island building in the South China Sea. 
The U.N. treaty on the rights of 
women and on the rights of those with disabilities are treaties that would, frankly, reflect American values and American principles because we are the leaders in the world in these areas, and yet we will not ratify these treaties. 
The prospect of trade deals is much 
less popular in Congress than they were 15 years ago. Trade is going to happen, the question is whether the United States will play a leadership 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:06 Oct 27, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26OC6.001 S26OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7481 October 26, 2015 
role in writing the rules, and if we step 
back and don’t play a leadership role, some other nations will, but these are getting more and more complicated in this body. 
Finally, something I feel very strong-
ly about is that it is hard to face the world with this strong diplomatic might when there are a lot of ambassa-dorial positions that are vacant. Espe-cially in the last 6 or 7 years we have seen efforts to block or delay ambassa-dorial appointments that have left key posts in many nations around the world vacant. 
It sends a message to other coun-
tries. When they look at us, as the United States, not putting an ambas-sador in place, they basically conclude that the United States may not think we are important, and that is a very bad signal to send to other nations, es-pecially when many nations that are allies have been without ambassadors for a while. 
I am hoping we can reembrace on 
this 70th anniversary the wisdom of Truman, who said: The nation has to be vigorous and forceful and look toward diplomacy first. 
With respect to the arrows of war—I 
am on the Armed Services Committee, and just like President Truman, I pre-fer diplomacy. I think we should lead with diplomacy, but we have to be will-ing to use military force. I voted for military force twice during my 3 years in the Senate. 
In 2013, in August, the President 
asked us to vote for military force against Syria to punish Bashar al- Assad for using chemical weapons against civilians. The only vote that was taken in either House was a vote in the Senate Foreign Relations Com-mittee. I voted for it with a kind of foreboding and heavy heart because I knew there would be Virginians, some of whom I might know, who would be affected, but nevertheless I thought it was an important principle for America to stand for. 
Since September of 2014, I have also 
been pushing to have Congress cast a vote to authorize the war against ISIL that has been going on for 15 months. There is a lot of critique in this body— and I have critique—about the way that war is being waged about strategic decisions that the President is under-taking with respect to the war, but I think at the end of the day it is hard to just be a critic. Under article I of the Constitution, it is supposed to be Con-gress that authorizes war rather than a President just doing it on his own. 
Earlier I mentioned how the Truman 
olive branches of diplomacy and arrows of war reinforce one another. Obvi-ously, you can be a stronger negotiator at the table in advancing a diplomatic solution if people understand that you have significant military capacity and the willingness to use it in the appro-priate instance. The more we can do and the better we can do to empower or military through wise budgeting, for example—as we hope to find an end to sequester and a path forward—the 
stronger we will make our diplomatic effort. Similarly, the reverse is also true. The more we are vigorous in going after diplomacy, the more moral credibility we have in those instances where we can say, when looking at the world, looking at our citizens, and looking at our own troops, that we now 
think we need to take military action and we have exhausted the diplomatic alternatives first. That improves the moral credibility behind a military ef-fort. It enables us to make the case better to all about the need for a mili-tary effort, and often it even creates a better international justification for a military effort. 
I believe the Presiding Officer and I 
were together last week when former Secretary Gates testified before the Armed Services Committee. It was one of the best bits of testimony I have seen in my time in the Senate. He had a word of caution for us. He said: ‘‘While it is tempting to assert that the challenges facing the United States internationally have never been more numerous or complex, the reality is that turbulent, unstable and unpredict-able times have recurred to challenge U.S. leaders regularly since World War II.’’ 
We do live in a very complex and 
challenging world, where we see chal-lenges that are known but also many unpredictable challenges. Other leaders of this country, since our first days, have lived in worlds that looked equal-ly as challenging and confusing to them. We are true to our best tradi-tions if the United States does what Truman so emblematically suggested we should do and we push in a vigorous and creative way all of the diplomatic tools at our disposal, and that involves diplomacy, but it also involves trade and humanitarian assistance. The United States is one of the most gen-erous nations in the world. 
The strength of our moral example is 
something that stands as so important. If you live in a nation where journal-ists are being put in jail, the U.S. free-dom of the press stands as a moral ex-ample. If you live in a nation where people are prosecuted because of their sexual orientation, the United States stands as a great moral example. We are not exemplary in everything. We have room to improve in everything, but we are exemplary in so many things. People around the world still look at us, and that is in fact a diplo-matic area of importance. Let’s be ex-emplary and stand for the principles we expose. 
Finally, I will say this. So many of 
the challenges we are facing now are challenges that at the end of the day are about diplomatic solutions. In the Armed Services or the Foreign Rela-tions Committees, we are often talking about the vexing conundrum and hu-manitarian disaster in Syria, but at the end of the day we hear it has to be about a political solution to the civil war. There has to be a political solu-tion to the conflict in Yemen. There 
has to be a political solution to the decades-long conflict between the Taliban and the Afghanistan Govern-ment. To find a political solution, you have to have strong diplomacy. Mili-tary action will not be enough to forge a political consensus moving forward. 
Ultimately, this was the message of 
what Harry Truman did 70 years ago. This strong wartime President, who made some of the toughest decisions that have ever been made by anybody in the Oval Office, recognized that America was a great nation because when push came to shove, we would prefer, push, and advocate for diplo-macy first knowing that we would be militarily strong if we needed to be. It is my hope that we in Congress will take a lesson from that anniversary and continue to pursue that same path. 
With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maine. 
Ms. COLLINS. Madam President, 
what is the pending business? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. We are in 
a period of morning business. 
Ms. COLLINS. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that I be per-mitted to speak for up to 15 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CYBERSECURITY INFORMATION 
SHARING BILL 
Ms. COLLINS. Madam President, I 
rise to speak in favor of the Cybersecu-rity Information Sharing Act of 2015, and I urge my colleagues to support this much needed legislation. Nearly 3 months ago, the Senate was unable to find a path forward to adopt this im-portant bill. Let’s look at what has happened since the time that the Sen-ate refused to proceed. 
The fact is that our country has con-
tinued to endure a wave of damaging and expensive cyber attacks. These in-cidents include the first major hack of Apple’s popular App Store, the com-promise of 15 million T-Mobile users due to a breach at Experian, and the exposure of data of up to 8,000 Army families due to improper procedures followed by the General Services Ad-ministration. For the Army families who were affected, this sensitive infor-mation included medical histories, So-cial Security numbers, and child day care details. 
Today, I renew my support for this 
bill in light of the continuing state of cyber insecurity that affects informa-tion held in the public and private sec-tors. 
Passing the Cybersecurity Informa-
tion Sharing Act would make it easier for public and private sector entities to share cyber threat information and vulnerabilities in order to lessen the theft of trade secrets, intellectual property, and national security infor-mation, as well as the compromise of sensitive personal information. It would eliminate some of the legal and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:06 Oct 27, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26OC6.003 S26OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7482 October 26, 2015 
economic barriers impeding voluntary 
two-way information sharing between private industry and government. It is a modest but essential first step to pro-tect networks and their information. 
This bill would not in any way com-
promise our personal information. Its purpose is to help safeguard our per-sonal information that breach after breach, cyber attack after cyber attack has proven to be vulnerable. 
While this bill promotes appropriate 
information sharing between the gov-ernment and the private sector—a good first step, as I have indicated—it unfor-tunately does little in its original form to harden the protection of Federal networks or to guard the critical infra-structure we rely upon every day. Thus, I have filed two amendments to further strengthen our Nation’s cyber security. 
The first amendment is directed at 
improving the security of sensitive per-sonal data that is stored on networks of Federal civilian agencies. The inse-curity of Federal databases and net-works has been evident for years. In-spectors general reports have warned of it. Yet, by and large, those calls for ac-tion have not been heeded by Federal agencies, and certainly the weaknesses in our Federal agencies’ security sys-tems are underscored by recent breaches and intrusions. 
In June, more than 20 million—20 
million—current, former, and retired Federal employees learned that their personal data was stolen from the poor-ly secured databases of the Office of Personnel Management. Since that time, we have learned that the per-sonal emails of the Director of the CIA have been hacked. We have learned from the State Department’s inspector general that the State Department is ‘‘among the worst agencies in the Fed-eral Government at protecting its com-puter networks.’’ This substandard per-formance at the Department of State continued even as an adversary nation breached the Department’s email sys-tem last year. According to the IG, compliance with Federal information security standards remains ‘‘sub-standard’’ at the State Department. 
I know from my many years of serv-
ice on the committee on homeland se-curity, where we worked on cyber secu-rity issues for literally a decade, pro-ducing legislation in 2010 and 2011 that unfortunately was not approved by this body, that this problem is long stand-ing and it is only growing worse. We ig-nore it at our peril. 
This appalling performance in so 
many agencies and departments led to my introducing bipartisan legislation with my colleague from Virginia, Sen-ator W
ARNER , as well as Senator M I-
KULSKI , Senator C OATS , Senator 
AYOTTE , and Senator M CCASKILL , to 
strengthen the security of the net-works of Federal civilian agencies. 
Our bill has five elements, but the 
most important provision would grant the Department of Homeland Security the authority to issue binding oper-ational directives to Federal agencies 
to respond in the face of substantial breaches or to take action in the face of an imminent threat to a Federal network. Although the Secretary of Homeland Security is tasked with a very similar responsibility to protect Federal civilian networks, he has far less authority to accomplish this re-sponsibility than does the Director of the National Security Agency for the dot-mil networks. We can no longer ig-nore the damaging consequences of failing to address these issues. 
Our amendment would fortify Fed-
eral computer networks from cyber threats in many ways. The key ele-ments, I am pleased to say, in our bill were incorporated into an amendment that has been filed by Senator C
ARPER , 
along with the chairman of the Home-land Security and Governmental Af-fairs Committee, Senator J
OHNSON , and 
Senator W ARNER , my chief cosponsor of 
the bill we introduced, and, of course, myself. 
Our amendment has been included in 
the managers’ substitute amendment, and I wish to thank Chairman B
URR 
and Vice Chairman F EINSTEIN for their 
willingness to include these much needed provisions to boost the security of the networks at Federal civilian agencies. 
Just think of the kind of data that 
civilian agencies have in the Federal Government. Whether we are talking about the Social Security Administra-tion, the Medicare agency, the IRS, the VA or the Department of Defense, it is evident that millions of Americans— indeed, most Americans—have personal data, sensitive data, such as Social Se-curity numbers, that are stored in these networks of Federal civilian agencies, and we have an obligation to protect as best we can that data. 
I have also filed another amendment 
to the cyber bill, amendment No. 2623, that is aimed at protecting our coun-try’s most vital critical infrastructure from cyber attack. This bipartisan amendment was cosponsored by Sen-ator C
OATS , Senator W ARNER , and Sen-
ator H IRONO . 
The livelihood and well-being of al-
most every American depend upon crit-ical infrastructure that includes the electricity that powers our commu-nities, the national air transportation system that moves passengers and cargo safely from one location to an-other, and the elements of the financial sector that ensure the $14 trillion of payments made every day are securely routed through the banking system. Those are just some examples of crit-ical infrastructure. There are obviously many more. 
Our amendment would have created a 
second tier of mandatory reporting to the government for the fewer than 65 entities identified by the Department of Homeland Security where damage caused by a single cyber attack would likely result in catastrophic harm in the form of more than $50 billion in economic damage, 2,500 fatalities or a severe degradation of our national se-
curity. In other words, only cyber at-tacks that could cause catastrophic re-sults would fall under this reporting re-
quirement. 
For 99 percent of businesses, the vol-
untary information sharing framework established in the bill before us would be enough, and the decision on whether or not to share cyber threat informa-tion should rightfully be left up to them. A second tier of reporting is nec-essary, however, to protect the critical infrastructure that is vital to the safe-ty, health, and economic well-being of the American people. 
Under our amendment, the owners 
and operators of the country’s most critical infrastructure would report significant cyber attacks just as inci-dents of communicable disease out-breaks must be reported to public health authorities and to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. 
Think about the situations we have 
here. Does it make sense that we re-quire one case of measles to be re-ported to a Federal Government agen-cy but not a cyber attack that could result in the death of more than 2,500 people? How does that make sense? 
The threats to our critical infra-
structure are not hypothetical. They are already occurring and increasing in frequency and severity. At a recent Armed Services Committee hearing on cyber security, Senator D
ONNELLY  
asked the Director of National Intel-ligence, Jim Clapper, what the No. 1 cyber challenge was that he was most concerned about. Director Clapper tes-tified that, obviously, it was a large- scale cyber attack against the United States infrastructure. 
In light of this No. 1 threat, how pro-
tected is our country? Well, I have posed that very question to the Direc-tor of the NSA, Admiral M
IKEROGERS . 
His answer, on a scale of 1 to 10, was that we are at about a 5 or 6. That is a failing grade when it comes to pro-tecting critical infrastructure, no mat-ter what curve we are grading on. 
Although I am very disappointed 
that the Senate will not consider the original amendment I filed, I do want to acknowledge that Chairman B
URR 
and Vice Chairman F EINSTEIN have 
worked closely with me on a com-promise to begin to address the issue of cyber security risks that present such significant security threats to our crit-ical infrastructure, and I am grateful for their acknowledging that this is a problem that deserves our attention. 
This new amendment, which is sec-
tion 407 of the managers’ amendment, requires the DHS Secretary to conduct an assessment of the fewer than 65 crit-ical infrastructure entities at greatest risk and develop a strategy to mitigate the risks of a catastrophic cyber at-tack. Let me stress two things. We are only talking about fewer than 65 enti-ties that have already been designated by the Department of Homeland Secu-rity as critical infrastructure where a catastrophic cyber attack would cause terrible consequences. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:06 Oct 27, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26OC6.005 S26OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7483 October 26, 2015 
Second, let me again describe what 
we mean by a catastrophic attack. It means a single cyber attack that would likely result in $50 billion in economic damage, 2,500 Americans dying or a se-vere degradation of our national secu-rity. We are talking about significant consequences that would be cata-strophic for this country—con-sequences we cannot and should not ig-nore. 
There are plenty of cyber threats 
that cannot be discussed in public be-cause they are classified—I know that as a member of the Senate Intelligence Committee—but in light of the cyber threat to critical infrastructure de-scribed by Admiral Rogers and Direc-tor of National Intelligence Clapper in open testimony before the Congress, the bare minimum we ought to do is to ask to require DHS and the appropriate Federal agencies to describe to us what more could be done to prevent a cata-strophic cyber attack on our critical infrastructure. 
One or two years from now, I don’t 
want us to be standing here after a cyber 9/11 chastising ourselves, saying: Why didn’t we do more to confront an obvious and serious threat to our crit-ical infrastructure? 
By including these two provisions in 
the managers’ substitute amendment, we are strengthening the protections for Federal civilian agencies and begin-ning—not going nearly as far as I would like but beginning the vital task of protecting our critical infrastruc-ture. We will be strengthening the cyber defenses of our Nation. 
I urge my colleagues to support the 
managers’ amendment and the under-lying bill. By passing this long-overdue legislation, we will begin the long- overdue work of securing our economic and national security and our personal information for generations to come. 
Thank you, Madam President. I yield the floor. Madam President, I suggest the ab-
sence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. NELSON. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TAKATA AIRBAG RECALL 
Mr. NELSON. Madam President, I 
rise today to speak about the Takata airbag recall and the continued need for urgency in this area. 
Last week the National Highway 
Traffic Safety Administration an-nounced that they currently had—this figure will blow your mind—19 million vehicles and 23 million airbags under recall. So far, the completion rates for this recall are not very good. There is a national completion rate of some 22 percent, and for States such as Florida where there is high heat and humid-ity—that is suspected as part of the 
reason the components break down— the completion rate is just under 30 percent, meaning that people are not taking their cars in to fix the problem that caused the recall in the first place. 
Takata started running ads through 
the print media and social media, and Honda is running ads to get consumers to a dealer to replace their defective airbags. I am also aware that to boost replacement inflators, three other air-bag manufacturers are helping to man-ufacture them. 
So this Senator wants to take this 
opportunity to state that wherever this message can be delivered to consumers, you better take your car if it is under recall and get it in to the dealer in order to get a replacement airbag; oth-erwise, you are walking around with, in effect, a grenade in the middle of your steering wheel or dashboard. 
Madam President, I ask unanimous 
consent to show a number of items in the Senate to illustrate what I am talking about with the airbags. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. NELSON. To Members of the 
Senate, this is a deflated airbag that has already exploded. If you can see, this part is the center of the steering wheel. In this case, this happens to be a Honda; here is the letter ‘‘h.’’ This would be sitting right in front of you in the steering wheel. When you have an accident, if it is of sufficient impact, it is going to cause the airbag to inflate. This is designed as a lifesaver. This ex-plosive device inside the airbag, and the gas compound in there is ammo-nium nitrate. If it is defective, when the explosion occurs, the hot gases that are released from the compound come out through these little holes around the side, and that inflates the airbag. But what has happened and has caused almost 20 million cars to be re-called is that the hot gases are explod-ing in this device with such force that it is causing the metal to break and come out in the inflated bag with such force, tearing through the bag, as this particular bag shows—it has a big hole in it. Here is the hole where the metal came out. It is like a grenade exploding in front of you, in your steering wheel, with shrapnel going into the people who are driving or who are in the pas-senger seat with the dashboard airbag. We are finding out now that a few months ago there was the explosion of side airbags in some of the cars, in the doors. Lo and behold, that is throwing out shrapnel as well. 
I want to show the Senate what it is 
like when these inflators explode. This is an inflator that was inside the device I just showed you. This photograph is a blowup by the Battelle Institute for the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration. This is a blown-up photograph of the inflator starting to inflate. What it is supposed to do is shoot the gases out here, which inflates the bag I showed you, but look what has happened. It is being ruptured in 
the side, throwing out metal. This is what it looks like under very fast pho-tography. Metal fragments are coming out when it should have been just gas coming out to inflate the bag. 
This is what one of those pieces of 
metal looks like. It is a shard of metal that is part of the inflator. Can you imagine that hitting you in the neck? Well, that is what happened to one of my citizens in Florida, in the Orlando area. She ran into a fender bender in an intersection at a traffic light. Lo and behold, when the police got there, they found her slumped over the wheel, and they thought it was a homicide because her neck was slashed. They found out that what happened was a piece of metal like this had lacerated her neck and cut her jugular vein. 
Another one of my constituents, a 
fireman—a big, hulking guy, the kind who will pick you up, if you are dis-abled and in a house that is burning down, and carry you out safely to save you—well, he won’t be a fireman any-more because one of those metal frag-ments hit him in the eye and he is blind in one eye. 
Those are just two incidents of scores 
across the country, of which there have been a handful of deaths. 
If a jagged piece of metal can cause 
severe injury because it is coming at you at high speed, don’t you think that if you have one of these vehicles that are under recall, you had better get it to the dealer to have it replaced? 
Check to see if your car is under re-
call because sometimes people don’t get it in the mail or they don’t open the mail. Go to www.safercar.gov and put in your car’s vehicle identification number—the VIN number—and then you will see if your car is on a recall list. 
Those that are on the recall list that 
I mentioned earlier unfortunately may not be the last to be recalled. The New York Times just reported that a study commissioned by Takata with Penn State University shows larger issues with the use of ammonium nitrate in the airbag inflators. In addition, there was another incident just this past June where a Takata side airbag rup-tured in a relatively new 2015 Volks-wagen. And just a week ago, General Motors recalled vehicles that also had defective Takata side airbags. It raises the question, are any of the Takata in-flators safe? 
Last week Senator T
HUNE and I sent 
a letter to Takata asking for addi-tional documents and information re-garding these side airbags. We also asked more questions about the use of ammonium nitrate. Also, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration announced that it may expand its re-call to all the model year vehicles with Takata airbags. 
NHTSA must use all of its tools 
under the law to maximize consumer protection. These potential hand gre-nades, stored in the steering wheel or dashboard, must get off the road. The 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:06 Oct 27, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26OC6.006 S26OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7484 October 26, 2015 
American driving public cannot afford 
any more wasted time. 
Don’t we think these corporations 
that are causing this outrageous situa-tion that has killed seven people in the United States and severely injured doz-ens more—don’t we think that they ought to be held accountable? If execu-tives at Takata knew about their de-fective products, if they knew that and did nothing, or worse, if they covered it up, then they ought to go to jail. Not another fine, not another settlement, somebody ought to be going to jail. Lying about a danger of this mag-nitude is a criminal act. 
We have a crisis of consumer con-
fidence in the vehicle-safety area. Cer-tainly that has been demonstrated with these Takata airbags. 
What about General Motors’ misin-
formation, lack of information, and outright deception about the defective ignition switches? And now what about Volkswagen’s deliberate efforts to lie about—and to cover up—emissions from its diesel vehicles? 
A few weeks ago I sent a letter to 
Chairwoman Edith Ramirez of the Fed-eral Trade Commission, asking them to crack down on Volkswagen’s unfair and deceptive practices in connection with its ‘‘clean diesel’’ vehicle claims, and today I received a response. The Chair-woman of that Commission told me they are investigating the claims against Volkswagen, along with the Department of Justice and the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency. In her response she said: ‘‘No reasonable con-sumer would knowingly purchase a ve-hicle that he or she could not legally drive.’’ 
I agree. Don’t we all agree? So it is 
time to get tough and to hold these folks and these corporations account-able. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. TESTER. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CYBERSECURITY INFORMATION 
SHARING BILL 
Mr. TESTER. Madam President, 
today I rise as a staunch supporter of every American’s right to privacy. I rise because, like many Montanans, I have grave concerns about whether my personal information gets handed over to the government. 
As the Senate debates the Cybersecu-
rity Information Sharing Act, I start by acknowledging the inherent conflict between the right to privacy and na-tional security. Some folks want to pretend this conflict doesn’t exist, but it does. Ask yourself this: How do we stop cyber terrorists from crashing our networks, stealing our personal infor-mation, and throwing our entire econ-
omy into a tailspin—an economy that is dependent on technology? How do we do this without violating your right to 
privacy and mine? How do we do this without giving the Federal Govern-ment far-reaching authority to share the personal information of law-abid-ing citizens? 
These are tough questions that re-
quire thoughtful answers, and I do be-lieve we can answer them. I do believe we can strike a balance that protects our right to privacy and protects our Nation from threats. That is why I want to offer my support for a couple of amendments sponsored by col-leagues from both sides of the aisle. 
The first amendment, from Senators 
F
LAKE and F RANKEN , provides the nec-
essary 6-year sunset for this legisla-tion. That means that in 6 years Con-gress would be forced to have another conversation about how we ensure every American’s right to privacy while also ensuring our national secu-rity. These conversations are incred-ibly important, and we should revisit them often. We should revisit them often because we know that a govern-ment unchecked is dangerous. In a world where technology changes faster than our laws, we cannot and must not give corporations and the Federal Gov-ernment unbridled authority for gen-erations to come. 
We already know that several Fed-
eral agencies have engaged in invasive surveillance of law-abiding Americans. They have utilized intrusive moni-toring techniques—tracking our phone calls, listening to our conversations, gathering storehouses of personal in-formation. They have done this in the name of the PATRIOT Act, one of the worst pieces of legislation ever to come out of this body. It took a long time for those agencies to own up to the fact that certain operations were far bigger in scope than what they had led Con-gress or the American public to be-lieve. 
The best thing we can do to try to 
prevent a repeat of those mistakes is to pass the amendment offered by my good friend Senator W
YDEN . This 
amendment would improve cyber secu-rity and better protect privacy by re-ducing the amount of unnecessary per-sonal information that would be shared about a possible cyber security threat. It seems like common sense to me, and I certainly appreciate Senator W
YDEN  
championing this issue. 
As Members of Congress we all took 
an oath to the people of this Nation to protect them from enemies both for-eign and domestic, and we should not give up our ability to check and bal-ance this administration or for that matter the next one. That is why the Flake-Franken amendment and the Wyden amendment are so critical, and I urge my colleagues to support them when they come to the floor. 
With that, Madam President, I sug-
gest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. INHOFE. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. INHOFE. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent to be recognized for such time as I may consume. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TRANSPORTATION 
REAUTHORIZATION BILL 
Mr. INHOFE. Madam President, I 
came back today and had really good news over the weekend. I think a lot of people have gotten together on both sides, in the House and the Senate, to do what we are supposed to be doing. 
I often refer to that old instrument 
called the Constitution, which says there are two main things we are sup-posed to be doing here: One is defend-ing America, and the other is building roads and bridges. That is what we are supposed to be doing. 
The Presiding Officer has heard me 
say before that my top priority as chairman of the Environment and Pub-lic Works Committee is, and continues to be, passing a long-term highway re-authorization bill. The last one we passed was in 2005. I was proud to be the author of it at that time. It expired in 2009. Since that time, we have not had anything except short-term exten-sions. I have to remind my conserv-ative friends, because I am a conserv-ative, that the conservative position is to have a long-term reauthorization bill, because the short-term costs about 30 percent off the top. As a re-sult, the industry stakeholders and local government leaders have lost faith in Congress’s ability to provide funding certainty to maintain and ad-vance our surface transportation and infrastructure. Ranking Member B
AR-
BARA BOXER and I have been fighting 
for a long period of time to change this and reverse the trend of wasteful short- term patches. 
On June 24, our committee—and this 
is very unusual for this to happen. Our committee unanimously voted to ad-vance to the Senate the DRIVE Act, which is a 6-year reauthorization bill. In July, the Senate gave strong bipar-tisan support by a vote of 65 to 34, a 2- to-1 majority. Again, this is not some-thing that normally happens with a major piece of legislation. It also in-cluded contributions from the Senate Commerce Committee and the Senate Banking Committee, so it is not just the Environment and Public Works Committee. Other committees have parts of this legislation also. 
The Senate worked hard across party 
lines to put forward a solution for our Nation’s roads and bridges. We ended the summer by passing yet another short-term patch in order to give more time for the House to join our efforts. Unfortunately, we are now 3 days away 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:06 Oct 27, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26OC6.010 S26OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7485 October 26, 2015 
from facing another cliff and the two 
Chambers have not yet been able to conference a long-term transportation solution. I just talked to Chairman S
HUSTER of the House Transportation 
and Infrastructure Committee. They marked up a 6-year reauthorization bill just this last Thursday. I am proud to see that both Chambers are on similar pages. 
Both bills recognize the need for a 
national freight program. We approach it just a little differently, but there is nothing that can’t be reconciled in a matter of minutes. Further, environ-mental streamlining is absolutely nec-essary. Both bills are doing that. We place a new focus on innovation which provides States with flexibility, as in my State of Oklahoma. When we give flexibility to the States, we get a lot more done. This idea that no good ideas are put to work unless they origi-nate in Washington is just not true. Also, long-term certainty, which we are very much concerned with, is there, and it is now a reality. We are now one step closer to putting America back on the map as a place to do business. 
It is my understanding that the 
House intends to move Chairman S
HU-
STER ’s 6-year reauthorization bill 
through the full House over the next 2 weeks. I just spoke with him a few minutes ago. Unlike in years past, I ex-pect a very short conference period. Be-cause we still face this important proc-ess, Congress will need one more exten-sion to get us to the finish line. The finish line should be the 20th of Novem-ber, and it can be done. When I say a very short conference period, it is be-cause there is very little difference be-tween the House bill and the Senate bill. I have talked to the likely con-ferees, and they are in accord with the idea that we can do this in a matter of hours, not days. I realize there are a lot of moving discussions on larger deals on the debt limit and budget caps; however, there is agreement that the surface transportation bill can and will move on its own timeline. 
The House will move a short-term ex-
tension to November 20 this week. The ones I have talked to assure me that is going to happen. I hope the Senate passes it quickly so the House can move the T&I-reported bill on the floor and we can move to a quickly resolved conference. Due to the similarity in both bills, I am confident we can and should have this on the President’s desk by Thanksgiving. 
If we fail to get this done by Novem-
ber 20, we are going to be faced with two significant hurdles: First, Congress has other pressing deadlines to address in December—to include December 11, when funding of the Federal Govern-ment expires, and December 31, when a host of important tax provisions will expire. Another December 31 deadline would be the provisions of the National Defense Authorization Act. 
I can remember in years past when 
we got dangerously close to December 31. One time the Big Four had to take it, and it was not even a product of the 
committees. I was one of the Big Four. We were able to pass it, but we came so close to December 31, it was scary. Here we are, in the middle of a bunch of wars, and all of a sudden we would have provisions out there—reenlist-ment bonuses, hazard pay, and things that would expire. Nothing would be worse than to have our kids in combat facing that. 
We are addressing these deadlines 
that will require Congress’s undivided attention. Some of the solutions for these bills could result, I fear, in Mem-bers attempting to siphon off the pay-offs of the DRIVE Act. That is why this is important. 
The second significant hurdle we face 
is that later this year the highway trust fund will drop to a dangerously low level, as DOT Secretary Foxx has warned. At that point, agencies at the Federal and State level will begin to implement cash management proce-dures that significantly affect the States’ construction seasons. In the 
majority of the United States, we would lose a construction season in States such as Iowa and in Northern States. Mark my words: A failure by Congress to enact a long-term bill by Thanksgiving will result in a loss of the 2016 construction season. Congress is going to return to its current pat-tern of short-term extensions. Again, short-term extensions syphon about 30 percent off the top. It is a terrible out-come that should be avoided at all costs. We have the opportunity to do it now. By making industry and States continue to hold their breath and budg-ets, we rob taxpayers of cost-efficient project planning and continue to stall on launching major economy-boosting projects. 
Look at my State of Oklahoma, 
which lost $63 million in construction dollars over the last few years as a di-rect result of inefficiency and con-tracting uncertainty that comes from short-term extensions. I have used that figure of 30 percent off the top with some of my conservative friends. I said: If you oppose a long-term extension, a long-term reauthorization bill, then you are saying that you want to have the liberal alternative, which is to lose 30 percent off the top. 
With a fully funded long-term reau-
thorization, Oklahoma would actually see a savings of $122 million and mil-lions more in efficiency savings from long-term commitments and early completion savings from contracts. This is something a lot of people don’t realize. The streamline you get—many 
of the NEPA requirements and the en-vironmental requirements can be offset if you are able to get to a long-term bill. But you can’t do it, you can’t start any large projects—not any of these big projects—the bridge projects and others you can’t do on short-term extensions. We haven’t had an author-ization bill since 2005, and I believe it is time for Congress to fulfill its constitu-tional duty to fund our roads and our bridges. As I said earlier, I am confident that 
the Senate and House will work to-gether to get this bill to the Presi-dent’s desk within the next few weeks. That is my wish for my counterpart on the House side, Chairman S
HUSTER — 
the best of luck in moving forward. He is now committed to doing that. He is going to get this done. He kept his word in getting the job done last Thursday, and now he is going to be able to get this bill up so that we can conference it together. I anticipate we can do a conference in a matter of a few hours. It wouldn’t take the normal time. 
That is good news. It is good news to 
come back on a Monday and find that we are going to be doing what the Con-stitution says we ought to be doing, and that is roads and bridges. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
NOMINATION OF LAWRENCE 
VILARDO 
Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, I 
rise to take a moment to congratulate the soon-to-be confirmed district judge for the Western District of New York, Larry Vilardo. He is from the Western District. It could not come too soon, because the Western District has been working without a single sitting Fed-eral judge. That will finally change once Mr. Vilardo has been confirmed. He will now begin to hear cases and tackle the backlog that has been stead-ily building in the Western District. There are few more qualified to help take on this task than Larry Vilardo. That is because Mr. Vilardo is a classic Buffalonian—hard working, salt of the earth, honest, and grounded. He went to Canisius College and then took a brief detour out of Western New York to attend Harvard Law School and clerk on the Fifth Circuit Court of Ap-peals in Texas before returning home and becoming one of Buffalo’s leading legal lights, practicing at a firm he co-founded. 
Buffalo is where he was born, raised, 
and educated, and where he chose to raise his family. Buffalo is in his bones. They love him in Buffalo. When this vacancy occurred, I heard the voices in Buffalo chanting: Vilardo, Vilardo, Vilardo—not just the legal community but just about the whole community. Like so many other people from the re-gion, the city has made him tough, level-headed, fair, and decent. 
As the first in his family to graduate 
from college, he adds an important ele-ment to the socioeconomic diversity of the court. The people of the Western District are incredibly lucky to have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:06 Oct 27, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26OC6.012 S26OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7486 October 26, 2015 
Larry Vilardo on the bench. I con-
gratulate Larry Vilardo on this mile-stone of his career. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
C
OATS ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING 
BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning 
business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to consider the following nomination, which the clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read the nomination of Lawrence Jo-seph Vilardo, of New York, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of New York. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, there will be up to 30 minutes of debate. 
The Senator from Oregon. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak as in morning business for up to 20 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. 
CYBERSECURITY INFORMATION SHARING BILL  
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, tomor-
row we will be turning to the cyber se-curity bill, which the Presiding Officer is familiar with as a member of the committee, and I wish to speak about my amendment No. 2621 to that legisla-tion. I also intend to address the amendments of our colleagues Senator F
RANKEN , Senator H ELLER , and Senator 
COONS because I believe all four of 
these amendments seek to achieve the same goal, and that goal—the goal of all four of these amendments—is to re-duce the unnecessary sharing of Ameri-cans’ private and personal information. 
The Senate has had a robust debate 
on the cyber security bill over the past week, and I think it is fair to say that Senators agree on a fair number of points. For example, the sponsors of the legislation have now acknowledged that the cyber security bill we will shortly vote on would not have pre-vented sophisticated cyber attacks, such as the Target and Home Depot hacks, and it would not have prevented the theft of millions of personnel records at the Office of Personnel Man-agement. As for my part, I agree that sharing 
information about cyber security threats is generally a constructive idea. If private companies identify samples of malicious code or informa-tion that identifies foreign hackers, I would absolutely encourage them to share that information. However, I think companies should also take rea-sonable steps—and I underline ‘‘reason-able steps’’—to remove unrelated per-sonal information about their cus-tomers before sharing that data with the government. It is important to un-derstand that this legislation simply does not require companies to do that, and Senators can see that for them-selves. As Senators can see for them-selves, on page 17 of the bill, companies are allowed to conduct only a cursory review of the information they provide and would only be required to remove data that they know is personal infor-mation unrelated to cyber security. 
When it comes to customers’ per-
sonal information, the message behind this bill is, when in doubt, hand it over. Once that data is shared—and this is not widely known—the Department of Homeland Security would be required to send it on to a broad range of gov-ernment agencies, from the NSA to the FBI. 
The amendment I have offered to the 
legislation we will vote on tomorrow would give companies a real responsi-bility for safeguarding their customers’ information. It would say that in order for a company to receive liability pro-tection before a company shares data with the government, it has to make efforts to the extent feasible to remove any personal information that is not necessary to identify or describe a cyber security threat. In my view, that would give this legislation a straight-forward standard that could give con-sumers real confidence that their pri-vacy is actually being protected. 
Let me give an example of how this 
might work in practice. Imagine that a health insurance company finds out that millions of its customers’ records have been stolen. If that company has any evidence about who the hackers were or how they stole this informa-tion, of course it makes sense to share that information with the government. But the company shouldn’t simply say ‘‘Well, here you go’’ and hand millions of its customers’ financial and medical records over for distribution to a broad array of government agencies, such as the FBI and the NSA. 
The records of the victims of a hack 
should not be treated the same way in-formation about the hacker is treated. Companies should be required to make reasonable efforts to remove personal information that is not needed for cyber security before they hand that information over to the government. That, in short, is what my amendment seeks to achieve. 
The sponsors of the legislation have 
argued that my amendment would somehow hold companies to an almost impossible standard. I say respectfully that the language of this amendment is 
quite measured. Companies are re-quired to remove unrelated personal in-formation and the legislation specifi-cally states ‘‘to the extent feasible.’’ The language certainly doesn’t require perfection; it creates a reasonable and flexible approach for companies to make a real effort to remove unrelated personal information about their cus-tomers instead of simply performing the sort of cursory review that would be permitted under the current lan-guage of the bill. 
A quick reading through the list of 
the pending amendments to the bill 
will make it clear that I am not the only Member of this body who is con-cerned about the unnecessary sharing of personal information. 
Our colleague from Nevada, Senator 
H
ELLER , has a similar amendment that 
would seek to create a stronger re-quirement for companies to remove personal information. 
Our colleague from Delaware, Sen-
ator C
OONS , has crafted a very con-
structive amendment that would strengthen the requirement for review by the Department of Homeland Secu-rity. His amendment would create a stronger obligation for the Homeland Security Department to filter out un-necessary personal information before passing cyber security data on to other parts of our government. 
Senator F
RANKEN has drafted a 
strong amendment that would clarify the bill’s definition of ‘‘cyber security threat information’’ to ensure that it focuses on information about real threats. 
It is important to remember that re-
ducing unnecessary sharing of personal information will make any information sharing program more effective and easier to focus on the genuine threats involved. 
Finally, our colleague from Arizona, 
Senator F
LAKE , has drafted an amend-
ment that would require the Congress to come back and review this informa-tion sharing approach after 6 years to evaluate how it has worked in practice and whether privacy protections ought to be strengthened. 
I have cited amendments by Demo-
crats and Republicans. The Presiding Officer knows that I feel strongly about working in a bipartisan way whenever I possibly can, and that is why I thought it was important to mention, as we go through these amendments, that all of these amend-ments I have described have sought to ensure this body would make it clear that cyber security is a very real prob-lem. Cyber security, in terms of tack-
ling it, which involves information sharing, can be very constructive, and we ought to try to find ways to do it. Each of these amendments is designed to make sure that when Americans hear about cyber security legislation— my colleague and I have discussed it— we don’t have millions of Americans walking away and saying: They are sharing all of this unnecessary per-sonal and unrelated information; I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:06 Oct 27, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26OC6.013 S26OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7487 October 26, 2015 
guess it is another one of those surveil-
lance kind of bills. 
We don’t want that here. We want 
bills that are bipartisan, that deal with very real threats—and certainly cyber security is one of them—but we also want to make sure the rights of inno-cent people are protected. With these amendments, we do that by ensuring that we have more than a cursory ap-proach to filtering out unrelated and personal information. 
So it is my judgment that each of 
these amendments would be significant improvements to the bill, and I hope my colleagues will support all of them, as well as an amendment by our col-league from Vermont Senator L
EAHY  
that would remove an unnecessary modification of the Freedom of Infor-mation Act. 
Let me close by saying it is not just 
Senators—and I have listed both Demo-crats and Republicans tonight—it is not just Democrats and Republicans in this body who have raised concerns about this bill’s inadequate privacy protection; privacy advocacy groups from the American Library Association to the Oregon Technology Institute have come out against the bill. Amer-ica’s leading technology companies— companies that have to have expertise in both cyber security and protecting the data of their customers—have op-posed it as well. Companies such as Apple, Dropbox, Twitter, Salesforce, Reddit, and Yelp have all said that they oppose the legislation because it does not include adequate privacy pro-tections. The trade association that represents Google and Amazon, Facebook, Microsoft, Yahoo!, Netflix, eBay, and PayPal said: ‘‘CISA’s pre-scribed mechanism for sharing of cyber threat information does not suffi-ciently protect users’ privacy.’’ 
Now, reflect if we might for a minute 
on what that means. These are Amer-ica’s leading technology companies. They advantage America because they are the envy of the world for their in-novation and their way of serving cus-tomers and businesses not just in this country but around the world. These companies have millions and millions of customers and have spoken out pub-licly against the bill, in its current form, before these amendments are considered. They sure know a lot about the importance of protecting both cyber security and individual privacy. The reason I say that is they have to manage that challenge each and every day. 
Customer confidence is the lifeblood 
of these companies, and the only way to ensure customer confidence is to convince customers that if they use a product, their information is going to be protected from both malicious hack-ers and from unnecessary collection by our government. 
Last Thursday, a coalition of Amer-
ica’s leading consumer groups basically joined those major technology compa-nies in announcing their opposition to the bill. They endorsed the pending consumer privacy amendments, includ-
ing the amendment I will offer, No. 2621. 
In conclusion, I hope colleagues will 
listen to what these technology groups and companies have said, and I hope our colleagues will support the amend-ments that I and others, both Demo-crats and Republicans, will be offering tomorrow. Let’s work together to produce a bill that does a better job of dealing with both real cyber threats and the liberties of the American peo-ple. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, today, we 
will vote on the nomination of Law-rence Vilardo to be a Federal district judge in the Western District of New York in Buffalo. He was first nomi-nated in February, and his nomination was voted out of the Judiciary Com-mittee by unanimous voice vote over 5 months ago on May 6. There is no rea-son why this highly qualified nominee should have waited so long for a vote. Despite having one of the busiest case-loads in the country, with more crimi-nal cases than Washington, DC, Bos-ton, or Cleveland, there is not a single active Federal judge in that district. The court has been staying afloat only through the voluntary efforts of two judges on senior status who are hearing cases in their retirement. It is about time that we confirmed Mr. Vilardo to this vacancy. 
Next week marks the 11th month 
that Republicans have been in the ma-jority in the Senate. During that time, only nine judicial nominees have been confirmed. When Senate Democrats were in the majority during the last 2 years of the Bush Presidency, we had already confirmed 34 judges by this same time. The glacial pace at which Republicans are currently confirming judicial nominees is an inexcusable failure to carry out the Senate’s con-stitutional duty of providing advice and consent. It also has real and dire consequences for hard-working Ameri-cans who seek justice but instead en-counter lengthy delays in the Federal court system due to empty courthouses and overburdened courts. We can and should take action right now to allevi-ate this problem by holding confirma-tion votes on the rest of the 13 judicial nominees pending on the floor. A num-ber of these pending nominees have the support of their Republican home State Senators; yet they continue to lan-guish on the calendar without a vote. 
If Republican obstruction continues 
and if home State Senators cannot per-suade the majority leader to schedule a vote for their nominees soon, then it is unlikely that even highly qualified 
nominees with Republican support will be confirmed by the end of the year. These are nominees that members of the majority leader’s own party want confirmed, including those from Ten-nessee and Pennsylvania. And last week, we had a hearing for two Iowa nominees, who I expect to be reported out of the Judiciary Committee soon as well. None of these nominees are likely to be confirmed by the end of the year if Senate Republicans continue at this historically slow pace. 
No Senator has raised any objections 
to the judicial nominees pending on the floor. Every single one was reported out of the Judiciary Committee by unanimous voice vote. Each has the backing of their home State Senators, including Republican Senators. These nominees are outstanding, accom-plished legal professionals who are ready to serve in our justice system. They have devoted time away from work and their families to go through 
the rigorous nominations process. More than half of the pending Federal dis-trict and circuit court nominees would fill vacancies deemed to be ‘‘judicial emergencies’’ by the nonpartisan Ad-ministrative Office of the U.S. Courts. Instead of working to ensure that all Americans have access to our Federal courts, Senate Republicans continue to obstruct President Obama’s judicial nominees in a misguided effort to score political points against the President. 
The number of empty judgeships has 
increased by more than 50 percent since Republicans took over the major-ity. Their obstruction is reversing the hard-earned progress Senate Demo-crats made last Congress to drastically reduce the number of judicial vacan-cies. Making matters worse, the num-ber of ‘‘judicial emergency’’ vacancies since Senate Republicans took the ma-jority has risen by 158 percent. These vacancies impact communities across America, and it is doing the most harm to States with at least one Republican Senator. Of the 66 current vacancies that exist, 49 of them—or more than 70 percent—are in States with at least one Republican Senator. 
One of those vacancies is an emer-
gency vacancy on the U.S. Court of Ap-peals for the Third Circuit in Pennsyl-vania. Judge Luis Felipe Restrepo is nominated to fill the vacancy, and he has strong bipartisan support from his home State Senators, Senator T
OOMEY  
and Senator C ASEY . At Judge 
Restrepo’s hearing, Senator T OOMEY  
stated that ‘‘there is no question [Judge Restrepo] is a very well quali-fied candidate to serve on the Third Circuit’’ and underscored the fact that he recommended that the President nominate Judge Restrepo. Once con-firmed, Judge Restrepo will be the first Hispanic judge from Pennsylvania to ever serve on this court and only the second Hispanic judge to serve on the Third Circuit. 
There is absolutely no reason to 
delay a vote on Judge Restrepo’s con-firmation; yet his nomination has been 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Oct 27, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26OC6.015 S26OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7488 October 26, 2015 
pending on the floor for over 3 months. 
Since he was first nominated, Judge Restrepo’s nomination has been pend-ing for a staggering 348 days. The na-tional president for the Hispanic Na-tional Bar Association, which strongly supports Judge Restrepo’s nomination, wrote last week in the Huffington Post about the inexcusable delay in his con-firmation. I ask unanimous consent that a copy of this article be printed in the R
ECORD at the conclusion of my re-
marks. 
Contrast Senate Republican’s treat-
ment of Judge Restrepo with President Bush’s nominee to the third circuit, Judge Thomas Hardiman, who was nominated in the last 2 years of the Bush Presidency. Judge Hardiman was confirmed in nearly half the time Judge Restrepo has been waiting, tak-ing only 183 days from nomination to his confirmation. Furthermore, it took only 7 days for Judge Hardiman to re-ceive a confirmation vote once he was reported out of the Senate Judiciary Committee. Judge Restrepo has been pending on the floor for 109 days—15 times longer than Judge Hardiman. I hope the Republican Senator from Pennsylvania will implore his leader-ship to bring this highly qualified nominee up for a vote without further delay. Let us then turn to votes on the rest of the 12 pending judicial nominees without further delay. 
Shortly we will begin voting on Law-
rence Vilardo to fill a judicial vacancy in the Federal District Court for the Western District of New York. Since 1986, he has practiced as a named part-ner at the law firm of Connors & Vilardo, L.L.P., in Buffalo, NY. He pre-viously practiced at Damon & Morey, in Buffalo, NY, from 1981 to 1986. The ABA standing committee on the Fed-eral Judiciary unanimously rated Mr. Vilardo ‘‘well qualified’’ to serve on the U.S. District Court for the Western District of New York, its highest rat-ing. He has the support of his two home State Senators, Senator S
CHUMER and 
Senator G ILLIBRAND . He was voted out 
of the Judiciary Committee by unani-mous voice vote on May 6, 2015. I will vote to support his nomination. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Huffington Post, Oct. 21, 2015] 
THECURRENT SENATE GRIDLOCK ISHURTING  
THEDIVERSITY OF OURJUSTICE SYSTEM  
(By Robert T. Maldonado) 
Born in Medellin, Colombia and raised in 
the United States, Judge L. Felipe Restrepo’s life reads like a textbook case of the American Dream. With a bachelor’s from the University of Pennsylvania and a law de-gree from Tulane, he set off on a successful career in criminal defense and civil rights litigation, eventually serving as a mag-istrate judge for 7 years. 
But Judge Restrepo’s story of immigrant 
success seems to be on hold for the moment. That’s because he’s been waiting since No-vember 2014, when President Barack Obama appointed him to serve on the Third Circuit Court of Appeals, to be confirmed as an ap-peals court judge. After a thorough due diligence process, the 
Hispanic National Bar Association (HNBA) endorsed Judge Restrepo in March 2015, but we didn’t stop there. When we saw the lack of progress on his nomination, the HNBA successfully pushed for the Senate Judiciary Committee to hold his nomination hearing, and continues to push for a confirmation vote on the floor of the Senate. 
Unfortunately, Judge Restrepo’s predica-
ment isn’t unique. Two other HNBA-en-dorsed judicial candidates are stuck in the political gridlock, and a total of 30 judicial nominees (two-thirds of them women or mi-norities) await Senate confirmation with lit-tle idea of when that will happen. According to the judicial watchdog group Alliance for Justice, the Senate has confirmed only 8 judges in 2015, the slowest pace in over 60 years. Almost half of the vacancies on the federal bench have been declared ‘‘judicial emergencies,’’ where the remaining judges are overworked trying to make a dent into the backlog of cases, sometimes in excess of 600 filings per judge. 
The backlogs are having a real effect on 
the people and businesses seeking recourse through the court system. As one California district court judge put it: 
‘‘Over the years I’ve received several let-
ters from people indicating, ‘Even if I win this case now, my business has failed because of the delay. How is this justice?’ And the simple answer, which I cannot give them, is this: It is not justice. We know it.’’ 
Our state of justice is suffering and so is 
our economy. The states where the backlogs and vacancies are the worst (including Texas, New York, and Florida) happen to be where large Latino communities reside. Given that President Obama has nominated more female and minority candidates to the federal bench than any other President, the delay in judicial confirmations is also a delay in increased diversity, and thus the quality of justice, in our nation’s court sys-tem. 
This manufactured crisis is the doing of 
Senate leaders who prefer to score political points rather than fulfill their constitutional obligations. Those same political leaders need to know that by dragging their feet on these nominations they are not only hurting the nominees but also the integrity and di-versity of our federal court system. Nomi-nees like Judge Restrepo have entire com-munities backing them in their professional journeys, and come election time, they won’t hesitate to register their disapproval. 
For their sake and the sake of our justice 
system, let’s end this judicial vacancy crisis. 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that all time be yielded back. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The question is, Will the Senate ad-
vise and consent to the Vilardo nomi-nation? 
Mr. M
CCAIN. I ask for the yeas and 
nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ), the Senator 
from Tennessee (Mr. C ORKER ), the Sen-
ator from Arkansas (Mr. C OTTON ), the 
Senator from Idaho (Mr. C RAPO ), the 
Senator from Texas (Mr. C RUZ), the 
Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G RA-HAM), the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. 
PAUL), the Senator from Florida (Mr. 
RUBIO), the Senator from Pennsylvania 
(Mr. T OOMEY ), and the Senator from 
Louisiana (Mr. V ITTER ). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Massachusetts (Mr. M AR-
KEY) and the Senator from Vermont 
(Mr. S ANDERS ) are necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
ERNST ). Are there any other Senators 
in the Chamber desiring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 88, 
nays 0, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 284 Ex.] 
YEAS—88 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Cornyn Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Franken 
Gardner Gillibrand Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray 
Nelson Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NOT VOTING—12 
Blunt 
Corker Cotton Crapo Cruz 
Graham Markey Paul Rubio 
Sanders Toomey Vitter 
The nomination was confirmed. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume legislative session. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
TRIBUTE TO LYNNE MOORE 
HEALY 
∑Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Madam Presi-
dent, I would like to pay tribute to one of my constituents, who has recently retired from her position as a board of trustees distinguished professor at the University of Connecticut School of Social Work. Dr. Healy has served as a professor for over 30 exemplary years, preparing new generations of social workers for service in an increasingly diverse and global world. 
Professor Lynne Healy has been an 
outstanding pioneer in the field of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:02 Oct 27, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26OC6.009 S26OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7489 October 26, 2015 
international social work, making sig-
nificant contributions with her publi-cations and work in the classroom. Dr. Healy was instrumental in establishing the University’s Center for Inter-national Social Work studies over 20 years ago. The center helps social workers develop a global perspective on human rights, human needs, social policy, and social work practice. These efforts have had a role in the overall establishment of this department as a nationally recognized faculty of ex-perts. 
We should all aspire to build such a 
prolific and inspirational legacy as Professor Lynne Healy. My wife, Cyn-thia, and I are honored to celebrate Dr. Healy’s achievements, and we wish her all the best as she begins the next chapter of her life. I know that many across the State of Connecticut will join me in congratulating her on this laudable occasion. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
RECEIVED DURING ADJOURNMENT 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
Under the authority of the order of 
the Senate of January 6, 2015, the Sec-retary of the Senate, on October 22, 2015, during the adjournment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representatives announcing that the Speaker has signed the fol-lowing enrolled bills: 
S. 1362. An act to amend title XI of the So-
cial Security Act to clarify waiver authority regarding programs of all-inclusive care for the elderly (PACE programs). 
S. 2162. An act to establish a 10-year term 
for the service of the Librarian of Congress. 
H.R. 322. An act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 16105 Swingley Ridge Road in Chesterfield, Missouri, as the ‘‘Sgt. Zachary M. Fisher Post Office’’. 
H.R. 323. An act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 55 Grasso Plaza in St. Louis, Missouri, as the ‘‘Sgt. Amanda N. Pinson Post Office’’. 
H.R. 324. An act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 11662 Gravois Road in St. Louis, Missouri, as the ‘‘Lt. Daniel P. Riordan Post Office’’. 
H.R. 558. An act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 55 South Pioneer Boulevard in Springboro, Ohio, as the ‘‘Richard ‘Dick’ Chenault Post Office Building’’. 
H.R. 1442. An act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located at 90 Cornell Street in Kingston, New York, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Robert H. Dietz Post Office Building’’. 
H.R. 1884. An act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located at 206 West Commercial Street in East Roch-ester, New York, as the ‘‘Officer Daryl R. Pierson Memorial Post Office Building’’. 
H.R. 3059. An act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located at 4500 SE 28th Street, Del City, Oklahoma, as the ‘‘James Robert Kalsu Post Office Building’’. 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
At 3:02 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, 
announced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bill: 
H.R. 774. An act to strengthen enforcement 
mechanisms to stop illegal, unreported, and unregulated fishing, to amend the Tuna Con-ventions Act of 1950 to implement the Anti-gua Convention, and for other purposes. 
The enrolled bill was subsequently 
signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
At 3:05 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 1937. An act to require the Secretary 
of the Interior and the Secretary of Agri-culture to more efficiently develop domestic sources of the minerals and mineral mate-rials of strategic and critical importance to the United States economic and national se-curity and manufacturing competitiveness. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
The President pro tempore (Mr. 
HATCH ) announced that on today, Octo-
ber 26, 2015, he has signed the following enrolled bills, previously signed by the Speaker of the House: 
S. 1362. An act to amend title XI of the So-
cial Security Act to clarify waiver authority regarding programs of all-inclusive care for the elderly (PACE programs). 
S. 2162. An act to establish a 10-year term 
for the service of the Librarian of Congress. 
H.R. 322. An act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 16105 Swingley Ridge Road in Chesterfield, Missouri, as the ‘‘Sgt. Zachary M. Fisher Post Office’’. 
H.R. 323. An act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 55 Grasso Plaza in St. Louis, Missouri, as the ‘‘Sgt. Amanda N. Pinson Post Office’’. 
H.R. 324. An act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 11662 Gravois Road in St. Louis, Missouri, as the ‘‘Lt. Daniel P. Riordan Post Office’’. 
H.R. 1442. An act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located at 90 Cornell Street in Kingston, New York, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Robert H. Dietz Post Office Building’’. 
H.R. 1884. An act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located at 206 West Commercial Street in East Roch-ester, New York, as the ‘‘Officer Daryl R. Pierson Memorial Post Office Building’’. 
H.R. 3059. An act to designate the facility 
of the United States Postal Service located at 4500 SE 28th Street, Del City, Oklahoma, as the James Robert Kalsu Post Office Build-ing. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED 
The following bill was read the first 
and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 1937. An act to require the Secretary 
of the Interior and the Secretary of Agri-culture to more efficiently develop domestic sources of the minerals and mineral mate-rials of strategic and critical importance to United States economic and national secu-rity and manufacturing competitiveness; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. MEASURES PLACED ON THE 
CALENDAR 
The following bill was read the sec-
ond time, and placed on the calendar: 
S. 2200. A bill to amend the Fair Labor 
Standards Act of 1938 to strengthen equal pay requirements. 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER 
COMMUNICATIONS 
The following communications were 
laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–3275. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Pyrimenthanil; Pesticide Toler-ances’’ (FRL No. 9935–11) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 16, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–3276. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Potassium Salts of Hops Beta acids; Exemption from the Requirement of a Toler-ance’’ (FRL No. 9933–73) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 16, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–3277. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Poly[oxy(methyl-1,2-ethanediyl)], a- [(9Z)-1-oxo-9-octadecen-1-yl]-w-[[(9Z)-1-oxo-9- octadecen-1yl]oxy]-; Exemption from the Re-quirement of a Tolerance’’ (FRL No. 9935–34) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 16, 2015; to the Committee on Ag-riculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–3278. A communication from the Direc-
tor, National Institute of Food and Agri-culture, Department of Agriculture, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Competitive and Noncompetitive Non-formula Federal Assistance Programs— Specific Administrative Provisions for the Food Insecurity Nutrition Incentive Grants Program’’ (RIN0524–AA65) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Octo-ber 19, 2015; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–3279. A communication from the Sec-
retary of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Repeal of the Exempt Commercial Market and Exempt Board of Trade Exemptions’’ (RIN3038–AE10) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 16, 2015; to the Committee on Ag-riculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–3280. A communication from the Acting 
Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readiness), transmitting the report of an of-ficer authorized to wear the insignia of the grade of rear admiral (lower half) in accord-ance with title 10, United States Code, sec-tion 777; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. 
EC–3281. A communication from the Under 
Secretary of Defense (Acquisition, Tech-nology, and Logistics), transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Report to Con-gress on Distribution of Department of De-fense Depot Maintenance Workloads for Fis-cal Years 2014 through 2016’’; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Oct 27, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G26OC6.004 S26OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7490 October 26, 2015 
EC–3282. A communication from the Presi-
dent of the United States, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report on the continuation of the national emergency with respect to nar-cotics traffickers centered in Colombia that was declared in Executive Order 12978; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–3283. A communication from the Asso-
ciate General Counsel for Legislation and Regulations, Office of Public and Indian Housing, Department of Housing and Urban Development, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Housing Choice Voucher Program: Streamlining the Port-ability Process’’ (RIN2577–AC86) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 19, 2015; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–3284. A communication from the Chief 
Counsel, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Suspension of Community Eligibility’’ ((44 CFR Part 64) (Docket No. FEMA–2015–0001)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 21, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–3285. A communication from the Dep-
uty Assistant Secretary for Fish and Wildlife and Parks, National Park Service, Depart-ment of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Alaska; Hunting and Trapping in National Pre-serves’’ (RIN1024–AE21) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 19, 2015; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. 
EC–3286. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Insular Affairs, Depart-ment of the Interior, transmitting proposed legislation; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
EC–3287. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Insular Affairs, Depart-ment of the Interior, transmitting proposed legislation; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
EC–3288. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Governmentwide Uniform Adminis-trative Requirements, Cost Principles, and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards’’ ((RIN2030–AA99) (FRL No. 9926–01–OARM)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 7, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3289. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Ocean Dumping: Expansion of an Ocean Dredged Material Disposal Site Off-shore of Jacksonville, Florida’’ (FRL No. 9934–57–Region 4) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 7, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3290. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘NESHAP for Brick and Structural Clay Products Manufacturing; and NESHAP for Clay Ceramics Manufacturing’’ ((RIN2060–AP69) (FRL No. 9933–13–OAR)) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 7, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3291. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Greenhouse Gas Reporting Rule: 2015 Revisions and Confidentiality Determina-tions for Petroleum and Natural Gas Sys-
tems’’ ((RIN2060–AS37) (FRL No. 9935–50– OAR)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 7, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3292. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Effluent Limitations Guidelines and Standards for the Steam Electric Power Gen-erating Point Source Category’’ ((RIN2040– AF14) (FRL No. 9930–48–OW)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Oc-tober 7, 2015; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. 
EC–3293. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Oregon; Lane Regional Air Protection Agency Open Burning Rules and Oregon Department of Environmental Qual-ity Enforcement Procedures’’ (FRL No. 9935– 48–Region 10) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 7, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3294. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; New Mexico; Infrastruc-ture for the 2010 Sulfur Dioxide National Ambient Air Quality Standards’’ (FRL No. 9935–44–Region 6) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 7, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3295. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; MI; Infrastructure SIP Requirements for the 2008 Ozone, 2010 NO2, 2010 SO2, and 2012 PM2.5 NAAQS’’ (FRL No. 9935–18–Region 5) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 7, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3296. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Texas: Final Authorization of State Hazardous Waste Management Program Re-vision’’ (FRL No. 9936–00–Region 6) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Octo-ber 16, 2015; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. 
EC–3297. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Petroleum Refinery Sector Risk and Technology Review and New Source Per-formance Standards’’ ((RIN2060–AQ75) (FRL No. 9935–40–OAR)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on October 16, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3298. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘National Ambient Air Quality Stand-ards for Ozone’’ ((RIN2060–AP38) (FRL No. 9933–18–OAR)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 16, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–3299. A communication from the Wild-
life Biologist, Fish and Wildlife Service, De-partment of the Interior, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled 
‘‘Migratory Bird Hunting; Final Frameworks for Late-Season Migratory Bird Hunting Regulations’’ (RIN1018–BA67) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Oc-tober 21, 2015; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. 
EC–3300. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary of the Army (Civil Works), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on the status of the Missouri River Bank Sta-bilization and Navigation Fish and Wildlife Mitigation Project, Kansas, Missouri, Iowa, and Nebraska; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. 
EC–3301. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘First Re-port on Section 1115(a) Demonstrations: Transparency in the Review and Approval of Medicaid and Children’s Health Insurance Program (CHIP) Section 1115 Demonstra-tions’’; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–3302. A communication from the Lead 
Regulations Writer, Office of Regulations and Reports Clearance, Social Security Ad-ministration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Social Security Number Card Applications’’ (RIN0960–AG50) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 19, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–3303. A communication from the Execu-
tive Analyst (Political), Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a vacancy in the position of Commissioner on Children, Youth, and Families, Department of Health and Human Services, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 19, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–3304. A communication from the Acting 
Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, De-partment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–041); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–3305. A communication from the Acting 
Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, De-partment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–0027); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–3306. A communication from the Direc-
tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Infant Formula: Addition of Minimum and Maximum Levels of Selenium to Infant Formula and Related Labeling Re-quirements; Confirmation of Effective Date’’ (Docket No. FDA–2013–N–0067) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 16, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–3307. A communication from the Legal 
Counsel, Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Apprenticeship Programs; Corrections’’ (RIN3046–AA72) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 7, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–3308. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the sci-entific and clinical status of organ trans-plantation, 2008–2010; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–3309. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Nurse Corps Loan Repayment and Scholarship Pro-grams Report to Congress for Fiscal Year 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Oct 27, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26OC6.016 S26OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7491 October 26, 2015 
2014’’; to the Committee on Health, Edu-
cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–3310. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the sci-entific and clinical status of organ trans-plantation, 2011–2012; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–3311. A communication from the Gen-
eral Counsel, Pension Benefit Guaranty Cor-poration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Benefits Payable in Terminated Single-Employer Plans; Interest Assumptions for Paying Benefits’’ (29 CFR Part 4022) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on October 19, 2015; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
EC–3312. A communication from the Execu-
tive Director, Commodity Futures Trading Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commission’s fiscal year 2015 FAIR Act inventory; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–3313. A communication from the Gen-
eral Counsel, Federal Retirement Thrift In-vestment Board, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Criminal Restitution Orders’’ (5 CFR Part 1653) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 19, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–3314. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary for the Employment and Training Administration, Department of Labor, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Temporary Agricul-tural Employment of H–2A Foreign Workers in the Herding or Production of Livestock on the Range in the United States’’ (RIN1205– AB70) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 16, 2015; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
EC–3315. A communication from the Gen-
eral Counsel, Executive Office for Immigra-tion Review, Department of Justice, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘List of Pro Bono Legal Service Providers for Individuals in Immigration Proceedings’’ (RIN1125–AA62) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Oc-tober 19, 2015; to the Committee on the Judi-ciary. 
EC–3316. A communication from the Gen-
eral Counsel, Executive Office for Immigra-tion Review, Department of Justice, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Separate Representation for Cus-tody and Bond Proceedings’’ (RIN1125–AA78) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 19, 2015; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
EC–3317. A communication from the Dep-
uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Taking and Importing Marine Mammals; Taking Marine Mammals Incidental to Southwest Fisheries Science Center Fish-eries Research’’ (RIN0648–BB87) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 21, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–3318. A communication from the Assist-
ant Administrator for Fisheries, National Marine Fisheries Service, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Species: Final Rulemaking To Revise Critical Habitat for Hawaiian Monk Seals’’ (RIN0648–BA81) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Oc-tober 19, 2015; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS 
The following petitions and memo-
rials were laid before the Senate and were referred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–99. A resolution adopted by the Board 
of Supervisors of the City and County of San Francisco, California, commemorating the 71st anniversary of the Port Chicago disaster and urging the President of the United States and the United States Congress to ex-onerate the 50 sailors convicted of mutiny in the incident with the designation of Honor-able Discharge; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
POM–100. A resolution adopted by the 
Commission of the City of Lauderhill, Flor-ida, condemning the Dominican Republic’s impending mass deportation of Haitian im-migrants; urging the Dominican Republic to comply with international human rights law, and halt all impending deportations; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Mr. GRASSLEY, from the Committee 
on the Judiciary, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: 
S. 2123. A bill to reform sentencing laws 
and correctional institutions, and for other purposes. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. SULLIVAN (for himself, Mr. 
SCHATZ , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. N ELSON , Ms. 
CANTWELL , and Mr. G RASSLEY ): 
S. 2206. A bill to reduce the incidence of 
sexual harassment and assault at the Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, to reauthorize the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Commis-sioned Officer Corps Act of 2002, and to reau-thorize the Hydrographic Services Improve-ment Act of 1998, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. M
CCONNELL (for himself, Mr. 
MANCHIN , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. I NHOFE , 
Mr. B LUNT , Mr. L EE, Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. 
CRUZ, Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. 
WICKER , Mr. S COTT, Mr. C RAPO , Mr. 
ALEXANDER , Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mr. 
ROUNDS , Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. T ILLIS , 
Mr. T HUNE , Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. R UBIO, 
Mr. C OATS , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. 
LANKFORD , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. V ITTER , 
Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. 
MORAN , Mr. F LAKE , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. 
JOHNSON , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. E NZI, Mr. 
PERDUE , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. C OCHRAN , 
Mr. P AUL, Mrs. E RNST , Mr. H ATCH , 
Mr. D AINES , Mr. S ASSE, Mr. M CCAIN, 
Mr. S HELBY , Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. G RASS -
LEY, Mr. G RAHAM , and Mr. C ORKER ): 
S.J. Res. 23. A joint resolution providing 
for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule sub-mitted by the Environmental Protection Agency relating to ‘‘Standards of Perform-ance for Greenhouse Gas Emissions from New, Modified, and Reconstructed Sta-tionary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units’’; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
By Mrs. CAPITO (for herself, Ms. 
H
EITKAMP , Mr. M CCONNELL , Mr. INHOFE , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. L EE, Mr. C AS-
SIDY, Mr. C RUZ, Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. 
HOEVEN , Mr. W ICKER , Mr. S COTT, Mr. 
CRAPO , Mr. A LEXANDER , Mr. S UL-
LIVAN , Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. 
TILLIS , Mr. T HUNE , Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. 
RUBIO, Mr. C OATS , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. 
LANKFORD , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. V ITTER , 
Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. 
MORAN , Mr. F LAKE , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. 
MANCHIN , Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. I SAKSON , 
Mr. E NZI, Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. S ESSIONS , 
Mr. C OCHRAN , Mr. P AUL, Mrs. E RNST , 
Mr. H ATCH , Mr. D AINES , Mr. S ASSE, 
Mr. M CCAIN, Mr. S HELBY , Mr. 
TOOMEY , Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. G RAHAM , 
and Mr. C ORKER ): 
S.J. Res. 24. A joint resolution providing 
for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule sub-mitted by the Environmental Protection Agency relating to ‘‘Carbon Pollution Emis-sion Guidelines for Existing Stationary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units’’; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. JOHNSON (for himself and Ms. 
BALDWIN ): 
S. Res. 296. A resolution congratulating 
Army Reserve Major Lisa Jaster on her grad-uation from the Army Ranger School; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and 
Mr. F
RANKEN ): 
S. Res. 297. A resolution congratulating the 
Minnesota Lynx on their victory in the 2015 Women’s National Basketball Association Finals; considered and agreed to. 
By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself and 
Mr. M
URPHY ): 
S. Res. 298. A resolution recognizing Con-
necticut’s Submarine Century, the 100th an-niversary of the establishment of Naval Sub-marine Base New London, and Connecticut’s historic role in supporting the undersea ca-pabilities of the United States; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 28 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 28, a bill to limit the use of cluster munitions. 
S. 352 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. P
AUL) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 352, a bill to amend section 5000A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide an additional religious exemp-tion from the individual health cov-erage mandate, and for other purposes. 
S. 613 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the name of the Senator from Rhode Is-land (Mr. R
EED) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 613, a bill to amend the Rich-ard B. Russell National School Lunch Act to improve the efficiency of sum-mer meals. 
S. 885 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Oct 27, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26OC6.018 S26OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7492 October 26, 2015 
KIRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
885, a bill to direct the Architect of the Capitol to place in the United States Capitol a chair honoring American Prisoners of War/Missing in Action. 
S. 928 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the name of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 928, a bill to reauthorize the World Trade Center Health Program and the September 11th Victim Com-pensation Fund of 2001, and for other purposes. 
S. 1081 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the 
name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1081, a bill to end the use of body- gripping traps in the National Wildlife Refuge System. 
S. 1539 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1539, a bill to amend the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act to establish a permanent, nationwide summer electronic benefits transfer for children program. 
S. 1559 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1559, a bill to protect victims of domestic violence, sexual assault, stalking, and dating violence from emotional and psychological trauma caused by acts of violence or threats of violence against their pets. 
S. 1597 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the 
name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 1597, a bill to enhance patient en-gagement in the medical product devel-opment process, and for other purposes. 
S. 1715 
At the request of Mr. H OEVEN , the 
name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1715, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in commemoration of the 400th anniversary of the arrival of the Pil-grims. 
S. 1808 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1808, a bill to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to conduct a North-ern Border threat analysis, and for other purposes. 
S. 1831 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. K
IRK) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1831, a bill to revise section 48 of title 18, United States Code, and for other purposes. 
S. 1856 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , 
the name of the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added 
as a cosponsor of S. 1856, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to 
provide for suspension and removal of employees of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs for performance or mis-conduct that is a threat to public health or safety and to improve ac-countability of employees of the De-partment, and for other purposes. 
S. 1926 
At the request of Ms. M IKULSKI , the 
name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1926, a bill to ensure ac-cess to screening mammography serv-ices. 
S. 2032 
At the request of Mr. H OEVEN , the 
name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 2032, a bill to adopt the bison as the national mammal of the United States. 
S. 2055 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the name 
of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I SAK-
SON) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
2055, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act and the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to national health security. 
S. 2110 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
names of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) and the Senator 
from Vermont (Mr. S ANDERS ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 2110, a bill to amend the Employee Retirement In-come Security Act of 1974 to provide for greater spousal protection under defined contribution plans, and for other purposes. 
S. 2123 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 2123, a bill to reform sentencing laws and correctional institutions, and for other purposes. 
S. 2145 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the 
names of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) and the Senator 
from California (Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 2145, a bill to make supplemental appropriations for fiscal year 2016. 
S. 2148 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
names of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) and the Senator from 
New Jersey (Mr. B OOKER ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 2148, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to prevent an increase in the Medicare part B premium and deductible in 2016. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2621 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 2621 proposed to S. 754, an original bill to improve cybersecu-rity in the United States through en-hanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes. STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. M
CCONNELL (for himself, 
Mr. M ANCHIN , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. 
INHOFE , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. L EE, 
Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. 
BOOZMAN , Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. 
WICKER , Mr. S COTT, Mr. C RAPO , 
Mr. A LEXANDER , Mr. S ULLIVAN , 
Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. 
TILLIS , Mr. T HUNE , Mrs. F ISCH-
ER, Mr. R UBIO, Mr. C OATS , Mr. 
COTTON , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. 
RISCH, Mr. V ITTER , Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI , Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. 
MORAN , Mr. F LAKE , Mr. C OR-
NYN, Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. I SAKSON , 
Mr. E NZI, Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. S ES-
SIONS , Mr. C OCHRAN , Mr. P AUL, 
Mrs. E RNST , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. 
DAINES , Mr. S ASSE, Mr. M CCAIN, 
Mr. S HELBY , Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. 
GRASSLEY , Mr. G RAHAM , and 
Mr. C ORKER ): 
S.J. Res. 23. A joint resolution pro-
viding for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule submitted by the Environmental Protection Agency re-lating to ‘‘Standards of Performance for Greenhouse Gas Emissions from New, Modified, and Reconstructed Sta-tionary Sources: Electric Utility Gen-erating Units’’; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the text of the joint resolution be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the joint resolution was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S.J. R ES. 23 
Resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives, of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That Congress dis-
approves the rule submitted by the Environ-mental Protection Agency relating to ‘‘Standards of Performance for Greenhouse Gas Emissions from New, Modified, and Re-constructed Stationary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units’’ (published at 80 Fed. Reg. 64510 (October 23, 2015)), and such rule shall have no force or effect. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 296—CON-
GRATULATING ARMY RESERVE MAJOR LISA JASTER ON HER GRADUATION FROM THE ARMY RANGER SCHOOL 
Mr. JOHNSON (for himself and Ms. 
B
ALDWIN ) submitted the following reso-
lution; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Armed Services: 
S. R ES. 296 
Whereas the Army Ranger School (referred 
to in this preamble as ‘‘Ranger School’’) was established in 1950 during the Korean War to develop elite leaders to command difficult combat missions; 
Whereas Ranger School is one of the most 
challenging training courses for which mem-bers of the Armed Forces may volunteer; 
Whereas Ranger School pushes the phys-
ical and mental limits of students for more than two months; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:02 Oct 27, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26OC6.007 S26OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7493 October 26, 2015 
Whereas on average— 
(1) 36 percent of Ranger School students 
fail the course during the first four days after the date on which the course begins; and 
(2) only approximately 45 percent of Rang-
er School students ultimately graduate from the course; 
Whereas the Army Reserve is— 
(1) a highly trained force that comprises 
approximately 20 percent of the total Army; and 
(2) always available to meet the needs of 
the Army and Joint Force; 
Whereas on August 21, 2015, Army Captain 
Kristen Griest and First Lieutenant Shaye Haver became the first two women to grad-uate from Ranger School; 
Whereas on October 16, 2015, Major Lisa 
Jaster became the third woman, and the first Army Reserve woman and mother, to grad-uate from Ranger School and earn the dis-tinctive black and gold Ranger tab; 
Whereas Major Lisa Jaster overcame the 
extreme fatigue, hunger, and stress involved in Ranger training in order to graduate from Ranger School; and 
Whereas Major Lisa Jaster has— (1) dedicated her life to serving and pro-
tecting the United States; 
(2) deployed to both Iraq and Afghanistan; 
and 
(3) earned the Bronze Star and the Combat 
Action Badge: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) honors Major Lisa Jaster for the accom-
plishment of becoming the first Army Re-serve woman and first mother to graduate from Ranger School; 
(2) commends the groundbreaking achieve-
ments of the first three women to graduate from Ranger School— 
(A) Captain Kristen Griest; (B) First Lieutenant Shaye Haver; and (C) Major Lisa Jaster; (3) recognizes the vital role that the Army 
Reserve plays in protecting and defending the United States; and 
(4) celebrates the determination, patriot-
ism, and willingness to lead of all Ranger School graduates. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 297—CON-
GRATULATING THE MINNESOTA LYNX ON THEIR VICTORY IN THE 2015 WOMEN’S NATIONAL BAS-KETBALL ASSOCIATION FINALS 
Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and Mr. 
F
RANKEN ) submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 297 
Whereas, on October 14, 2015, the Min-
nesota Lynx won the 2015 Women’s National Basketball Association (commonly known as the ‘‘WNBA’’) championship by beating the Indiana Fever 69 to 52 in game 5 at home in Minneapolis; 
Whereas this is the third WNBA champion-
ship for the Minnesota Lynx in 5 years; 
Whereas the Minnesota Lynx have com-
peted in 4 out of the last 5 WNBA Finals; 
Whereas the Minnesota Lynx finished the 
2015 season with an impressive 22 wins; 
Whereas the Minnesota Lynx beat the Los 
Angeles Sparks in the Western Conference Semifinals, swept the Phoenix Mercury in the Western Conference Finals, and deci-sively beat the Indiana Fever in the fifth game of the WNBA Finals; 
Whereas a franchise record 18,933 fans at-
tended the clinching game at the Target Center in Minneapolis to cheer on the Min-nesota Lynx; Whereas the Minnesota Lynx— 
(1) benefit from stellar leadership from 
Head Coach Cheryl Reeve and Assistant Coaches Jim Petersen and Shelley Patter-son; 
(2) feature 5 gold medal-winning athletes, 
Lindsey Whalen, Maya Moore, Seimone Au-gustus, Asjha Jones, and Sylvia Fowles, the Finals MVP; and 
(3) have on the roster highly talented pro-
fessionals, including Rebekkah Brunson, Renee Montgomery, Anna Cruz, Shae Kelley, Tricia Liston, Kalana Greene, and Devereaux Peters; 
Whereas the Minnesota Lynx are 1 of only 
4 WNBA teams to win 3 or more WNBA championships; and 
Whereas all 3 of the WNBA championships 
won by the Lynx have come under the coach-ing of Cheryl Reeve: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate recognizes— 
(1) the achievements of the players, coach-
es, fans, and staff whose dedication helped the Minnesota Lynx win the 2015 WNBA championship; and 
(2) the Twin Cities area and the State of 
Minnesota for enthusiastically supporting women’s professional basketball. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 298—RECOG-
NIZING CONNECTICUT’S SUB-MARINE CENTURY, THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE ESTAB-LISHMENT OF NAVAL SUB-MARINE BASE NEW LONDON, AND CONNECTICUT’S HISTORIC ROLE IN SUPPORTING THE UN-DERSEA CAPABILITIES OF THE UNITED STATES 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself and 
Mr. M
URPHY ) submitted the following 
resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Armed Services: 
S. R ES. 298 
Whereas, on March 2, 1867, Congress en-
acted a naval appropriations Act that au-thorized the Secretary of the Navy to ‘‘re-ceive and accept a deed of gift, when offered by the State of Connecticut, of a tract of land with not less than one mile of shore front on the Thames River near New London, Connecticut, to be held by the United States for naval purposes’’; 
Whereas the people of Connecticut and the 
towns and cities in the southeastern region of Connecticut subsequently donated land and provided funding to establish a military installation to fulfil the Nation’s need for a naval facility on the Atlantic coast; 
Whereas, on April 11, 1868, the Navy accept-
ed the deed of gift of land from Connecticut to establish a naval yard and storage depot along the eastern shore of the Thames River in Groton, Connecticut; 
Whereas, between 1868 and 1912, the New 
London Navy Yard supported a diverse range of missions, including berthing inactive Civil War era ironclad warships and serving as a coaling station for refueling naval ships traveling in New England waters; 
Whereas Congress rejected the Navy’s pro-
posal to close New London Navy Yard in 1912, following an impassioned effort by Congress-man Edwin W. Higgins, who stated that this ‘‘action proposed is not only unjust but un-reasonable and unsound as a military propo-sition’’; 
Whereas the outbreak of World War I and 
the enemy use of submarines to sink allied military and civilian ships in the Atlantic sparked a new focus on developing submarine capabilities in the United States; 
Whereas October 18, 1915, marked the ar-
rival at the New London Navy Yard of the submarines G–1, G–2, and G–4 under the care 
of the tender USS OZARK, soon followed by the arrival of submarines E–1, D–1, and D–3 under the care of the tender USS TONOPAH, and on November 1, 1915, the arrival of the first ship built as a submarine tender, the USS FULTON (AS–1); 
Whereas, on June 21, 1916, Commander 
Yeates Stirling assumed the command of the newly designated Naval Submarine Base New London, the New London Submarine Flo-tilla, and the Submarine School; 
Whereas, in the 100 years since the arrival 
of the first submarines to the base, Naval Submarine Base New London has grown to occupy more than 680 acres along the east side of the Thames River, with more than 160 major facilities, 15 nuclear submarines, and more than 70 tenant commands and activi-ties, including the Submarine Learning Cen-ter, Naval Submarine School, the Naval Sub-marine Medical Research Laboratory, the Naval Undersea Medical Institute, and the newly established Undersea Warfare Devel-opment Center; 
Whereas, in addition to being the site of 
the first submarine base in the United States, Connecticut was home to the fore-most submarine manufactures of the time, the Lake Torpedo Boat Company in Bridge-port and the Electric Boat Company in Grot-on, which later became General Dynamics Electric Boat; 
Whereas General Dynamics Electric Boat, 
its talented workforce, and its Connecticut- based and nationwide network of suppliers have delivered more than 200 submarines from its current location in Groton, Con-necticut, including the first nuclear-powered submarine, the USS NAUTILUS (SSN 571), and nearly half of the nuclear submarines ever built by the United States; 
Whereas the Submarine Force Library and 
Museum, located adjacent to Naval Sub-marine Base New London in Groton, Con-necticut, is the only submarine museum op-erated by the United States Navy and today serves as the primary repository for arti-facts, documents, and photographs relating to the bold and courageous history of the Submarine Force and highlights as its core exhibit the historic ship Nautilus following her retirement from service; 
Whereas, reflecting the close ties between 
Connecticut and the Navy that began with the gift of land that established the base, the State of Connecticut has set aside $40,000,000 in funding for critical infrastructure invest-ments to support the mission of the base, in-cluding construction of a new dive locker building, expansion of the Submarine Learn-ing Center, and modernization of energy in-frastructure; 
Whereas, on September 29, 2015, Con-
necticut Governor Dannel Malloy designated October 2015 through October 2016 as Con-necticut’s Submarine Century, a year-long observance that celebrates 100 years of sub-marine activity in Connecticut, including the Town of Groton’s distinction as the Sub-marine Capital of the World, to coincide with the centennial anniversary of the estab-lishment of Naval Submarine Base New Lon-don and the Naval Submarine School; 
Whereas Naval Submarine Base New Lon-
don still proudly proclaims its motto of ‘‘The First and Finest’’; and 
Whereas Congressman Higgins’ statement 
before Congress in 1912 that ‘‘Connecticut stands ready, as she always has, to bear her part of the burdens of the national defense’’ remains true today: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) commends the long standing dedication 
and contribution to the Navy and submarine force by the people of Connecticut, both through the initial deed of gift that estab-lished what would become Naval Submarine 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Oct 27, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26OC6.010 S26OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7494 October 26, 2015 
Base New London and through their ongoing 
commitment to support the mission of the base and the Navy personnel assigned to it; 
(2) honors the submariners who have 
trained and served at Naval Submarine Base New London throughout its history in sup-port of the Nation’s security and undersea superiority; 
(3) recognizes the contribution of the in-
dustry and workforce of Connecticut in de-signing, building, and sustaining the Navy’s submarine fleet; and 
(4) encourages the recognition of Connecti-
cut’s Submarine Century by Congress, the Navy, and the American people by honoring the contribution of the people of Connecticut to the defense of the United States and the important role of the submarine force in safeguarding the security of the United States for more than a century. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 2748. Mr. PORTMAN (for Mr. A LEX-
ANDER ) proposed an amendment to the bill 
H.R. 639, to amend the Controlled Substances Act with respect to drug scheduling rec-ommendations by the Secretary of Health and Human Services, and with respect to registration of manufacturers and distribu-tors seeking to conduct clinical testing. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 2748. Mr. PORTMAN (for Mr. 
ALEXANDER ) proposed an amendment to 
the bill H.R. 639, to amend the Con-trolled Substances Act with respect to drug scheduling recommendations by the Secretary of Health and Human Services, and with respect to registra-tion of manufacturers and distributors seeking to conduct clinical testing; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-
sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Improving 
Regulatory Transparency for New Medical Therapies Act’’. 
SEC. 2. SCHEDULING OF SUBSTANCES INCLUDED 
IN NEW FDA-APPROVED DRUGS. 
(a) E FFECTIVE DATE OF APPROVAL .— 
(1) E FFECTIVE DATE OF DRUG APPROVAL .— 
Section 505 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 355) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(x) D
ATE OF APPROVAL IN THE CASE OF  
RECOMMENDED CONTROLS UNDER THE CSA.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In the case of an applica-
tion under subsection (b) with respect to a drug for which the Secretary provides notice to the sponsor that the Secretary intends to issue a scientific and medical evaluation and recommend controls under the Controlled Substances Act, approval of such application shall not take effect until the interim final rule controlling the drug is issued in accord-ance with section 201(j) of the Controlled Substances Act. 
‘‘(2) D
ATE OF APPROVAL .—For purposes of 
this section, with respect to an application described in paragraph (1), the term ‘date of approval’ shall mean the later of— 
‘‘(A) the date an application under sub-
section (b) is approved under subsection (c); or 
‘‘(B) the date of issuance of the interim 
final rule controlling the drug.’’. 
(2) E
FFECTIVE DATE OF APPROVAL OF BIO -
LOGICAL PRODUCTS .—Section 351 of the Public 
Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 262) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(n) D
ATE OF APPROVAL IN THE CASE OF  
RECOMMENDED CONTROLS UNDER THE CSA.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In the case of an applica-
tion under subsection (a) with respect to a biological product for which the Secretary provides notice to the sponsor that the Sec-retary intends to issue a scientific and med-ical evaluation and recommend controls under the Controlled Substances Act, ap-proval of such application shall not take ef-fect until the interim final rule controlling the biological product is issued in accord-ance with section 201(j) of the Controlled Substances Act. 
‘‘(2) D
ATE OF APPROVAL .—For purposes of 
this section, with respect to an application described in paragraph (1), references to the date of approval of such application, or li-censure of the product subject to such appli-cation, shall mean the later of— 
‘‘(A) the date an application is approved 
under subsection (a); or 
‘‘(B) the date of issuance of the interim 
final rule controlling the biological prod-uct.’’. 
(3) E
FFECTIVE DATE OF APPROVAL OF ANIMAL  
DRUGS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Section 512 of the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360b) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(q) D
ATE OF APPROVAL IN THE CASE OF  
RECOMMENDED CONTROLS UNDER THE CSA.— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—In the case of an applica-
tion under subsection (b) with respect to a drug for which the Secretary provides notice to the sponsor that the Secretary intends to issue a scientific and medical evaluation and recommend controls under the Controlled Substances Act, approval of such application shall not take effect until the interim final rule controlling the drug is issued in accord-ance with section 201(j) of the Controlled Substances Act. 
‘‘(2) D
ATE OF APPROVAL .—For purposes of 
this section, with respect to an application described in paragraph (1), the term ‘date of approval’ shall mean the later of— 
‘‘(A) the date an application under sub-
section (b) is approved under subsection (c); or 
‘‘(B) the date of issuance of the interim 
final rule controlling the drug.’’. 
(B) C
ONDITIONAL APPROVAL .—Section 571(d) 
of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360ccc(d)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(4)(A) In the case of an application under 
subsection (a) with respect to a drug for which the Secretary provides notice to the sponsor that the Secretary intends to issue a scientific and medical evaluation and rec-ommend controls under the Controlled Sub-stances Act, conditional approval of such ap-plication shall not take effect until the in-terim final rule controlling the drug is issued in accordance with section 201(j) of the Controlled Substances Act. 
‘‘(B) For purposes of this section, with re-
spect to an application described in subpara-graph (A), the term ‘date of approval’ shall mean the later of— 
‘‘(i) the date an application under sub-
section (a) is conditionally approved under subsection (b); or 
‘‘(ii) the date of issuance of the interim 
final rule controlling the drug.’’. 
(C) I
NDEXING OF LEGALLY MARKETED UNAP -
PROVED NEW ANIMAL DRUGS .—Section 572 of 
the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360ccc–1) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(k) In the case of a request under sub-
section (d) to add a drug to the index under subsection (a) with respect to a drug for which the Secretary provides notice to the person filing the request that the Secretary intends to issue a scientific and medical evaluation and recommend controls under 
the Controlled Substances Act, a determina-tion to grant the request to add such drug to the index shall not take effect until the in-terim final rule controlling the drug is issued in accordance with section 201(j) of the Controlled Substances Act.’’. 
(4) D
ATE OF APPROVAL FOR DESIGNATED NEW  
ANIMAL DRUGS .—Section 573(c) of the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360ccc–2(c)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(3) For purposes of determining the 7-year 
period of exclusivity under paragraph (1) for a drug for which the Secretary intends to issue a scientific and medical evaluation and recommend controls under the Controlled Substances Act, the drug shall not be consid-ered approved or conditionally approved until the date that the interim final rule controlling the drug is issued in accordance with section 201(j) of the Controlled Sub-stances Act.’’. 
(b) S
CHEDULING OF NEWLY APPROVED  
DRUGS .—Section 201 of the Controlled Sub-
stances Act (21 U.S.C. 811) is amended by in-serting after subsection (i) the following: 
‘‘(j)(1) With respect to a drug referred to in 
subsection (f), if the Secretary of Health and Human Services recommends that the Attor-ney General control the drug in schedule II, 
III, IV, or V pursuant to subsections (a) and (b), the Attorney General shall, not later than 90 days after the date described in para-graph (2), issue an interim final rule control-ling the drug in accordance with such sub-sections and section 202(b) using the proce-dures described in paragraph (3). 
‘‘(2) The date described in this paragraph 
shall be the later of— 
‘‘(A) the date on which the Attorney Gen-
eral receives the scientific and medical eval-uation and the scheduling recommendation from the Secretary of Health and Human Services in accordance with subsection (b); or 
‘‘(B) the date on which the Attorney Gen-
eral receives notification from the Secretary of Health and Human Services that the Sec-retary has approved an application under section 505(c), 512, or 571 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act or section 351(a) of the Public Health Service Act, or indexed a drug under section 572 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, with respect to the drug described in paragraph (1). 
‘‘(3) A rule issued by the Attorney General 
under paragraph (1) shall become imme-diately effective as an interim final rule without requiring the Attorney General to demonstrate good cause therefor. The in-terim final rule shall give interested persons the opportunity to comment and to request a hearing. After the conclusion of such pro-ceedings, the Attorney General shall issue a final rule in accordance with the scheduling criteria of subsections (b), (c), and (d) of this section and section 202(b).’’. 
(c) E
XTENSION OF PATENT TERM.—Section 
156 of title 35, United States Code, is amend-ed— 
(1) in subsection (d)(1), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘, or in the case of a drug product described in subsection (i), within the sixty-day period beginning on the covered date (as defined in subsection (i))’’ after ‘‘marketing or use’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(i)(1) For purposes of this section, if the 
Secretary of Health and Human Services pro-vides notice to the sponsor of an application or request for approval, conditional ap-proval, or indexing of a drug product for which the Secretary intends to recommend controls under the Controlled Substances Act, beginning on the covered date, the drug product shall be considered to— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Oct 27, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26OC6.012 S26OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7495 October 26, 2015 
‘‘(A) have been approved or indexed under 
the relevant provision of the Public Health Service Act or Federal Food, Drug, and Cos-metic Act; and 
‘‘(B) have permission for commercial mar-
keting or use. 
‘‘(2) In this subsection, the term ‘covered 
date’ means the later of— 
‘‘(A) the date an application is approved— ‘‘(i) under section 351(a)(2)(C) of the Public 
Health Service Act; or 
‘‘(ii) under section 505(b) or 512(c) of the 
Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act; 
‘‘(B) the date an application is condi-
tionally approved under section 571(b) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act; 
‘‘(C) the date a request for indexing is 
granted under section 572(d) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act; or 
‘‘(D) the date of issuance of the interim 
final rule controlling the drug under section 201(j) of the Controlled Substances Act.’’. 
SEC. 3. ENHANCING NEW DRUG DEVELOPMENT. 
Section 303 of the Controlled Substances 
Act (21 U.S.C. 823) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(i)(1) For purposes of registration to man-
ufacture a controlled substance under sub-section (d) for use only in a clinical trial, the Attorney General shall register the appli-cant, or serve an order to show cause upon the applicant in accordance with section 304(c), not later than 180 days after the date on which the application is accepted for fil-ing. 
‘‘(2) For purposes of registration to manu-
facture a controlled substance under sub-section (a) for use only in a clinical trial, the Attorney General shall, in accordance with the regulations issued by the Attorney Gen-eral, issue a notice of application not later than 90 days after the application is accepted for filing. Not later than 90 days after the date on which the period for comment pursu-ant to such notice ends, the Attorney Gen-eral shall register the applicant, or serve an order to show cause upon the applicant in ac-cordance with section 304(c), unless the At-torney General has granted a hearing on the application under section 1008(i) of the Con-trolled Substances Import and Export Act.’’. 
SEC. 4. RE-EXPORTATION AMONG MEMBERS OF 
THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA. 
Section 1003 of the Controlled Substances 
Import and Export Act (21 U.S.C. 953) is amended— 
(1) in subsection(f)— (A) in paragraph (5)— (i) by striking ‘‘(5)’’ and inserting ‘‘(5)(A)’’; (ii) by inserting ‘‘, except that the con-
trolled substance may be exported from a second country that is a member of the Eu-ropean Economic Area to another country that is a member of the European Economic Area, provided that the first country is also a member of the European Economic Area’’ before the period at the end; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) Subsequent to any re-exportation de-
scribed in subparagraph (A), a controlled substance may continue to be exported from any country that is a member of the Euro-pean Economic Area to any other such coun-try, if— 
‘‘(i) the conditions applicable with respect 
to the first country under paragraphs (1), (2), (3), (4), (6), and (7) are met by each subse-quent country from which the controlled substance is exported pursuant to this para-graph; and 
‘‘(ii) the conditions applicable with respect 
to the second country under paragraphs (1), (2), (3), (4), (6), and (7) are met by each subse-quent country to which the controlled sub-stance is exported pursuant to this para-graph.’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (6)— (i) by striking ‘‘(6)’’ and inserting ‘‘(6)(A)’’; 
and 
(ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) In the case of re-exportation among 
members of the European Economic Area, within 30 days after each re-exportation, the person who exported the controlled sub-stance from the United States delivers to the Attorney General— 
‘‘(i) documentation certifying that such re- 
exportation has occurred; and 
‘‘(ii) information concerning the consignee, 
country, and product.’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(g) L
IMITATION .—Subject to paragraphs (5) 
and (6) of subsection (f) in the case of any controlled substance in schedule I or II or any narcotic drug in schedule III or IV, the Attorney General shall not promulgate nor enforce any regulation, subregulatory guid-ance, or enforcement policy which impedes re-exportation of any controlled substance among European Economic Area countries, including by promulgating or enforcing any requirement that— 
‘‘(1) re-exportation from the first country 
to the second country or re-exportation from the second country to another country occur within a specified period of time; or 
‘‘(2) information concerning the consignee, 
country, and product be provided prior to ex-portation of the controlled substance from the United States or prior to each re-expor-tation among members of the European Eco-nomic Area.’’. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio. 
f 
WOUNDED WARRIORS FEDERAL 
LEAVE ACT OF 2015 
Mr. PORTMAN. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 313 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 313) to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to provide leave to any new Federal employee who is a veteran with a service-connected disability rated at 30 per-cent or more for purposes of undergoing med-ical treatment for such disability, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
Mr. PORTMAN. I ask unanimous 
consent that the bill be read a third time and passed and the motion to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The bill (H.R. 313) was ordered to a 
third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
IMPROVING REGULATORY TRANS-
PARENCY FOR NEW MEDICAL THERAPIES ACT 
Mr. PORTMAN. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions be discharged from fur-ther consideration of H.R. 639 and the Senate proceed to its immediate con-
sideration. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 639) to amend the Controlled 
Substances Act with respect to drug sched-uling recommendations by the Secretary of Health and Human Services, and with re-spect to registration of manufacturers and distributors seeking to conduct clinical test-ing. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
Mr. PORTMAN. I ask unanimous 
consent that the substitute amend-ment, which is at the desk, be consid-ered and agreed to, the bill, as amend-ed, be read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment (No. 2748) in the na-
ture of a substitute was agreed to. 
(The amendment is printed in today’s 
R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) 
The amendment was ordered to be 
engrossed, and the bill to be read a third time. 
The bill was read the third time. The bill (H.R. 639), as amended, was 
passed. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE MIN-
NESOTA LYNX ON THEIR VIC-TORY IN THE 2015 WOMEN’S NA-TIONAL BASKETBALL ASSOCIA-TION FINALS 
Mr. PORTMAN. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 297, submitted earlier today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 297) congratulating 
the Minnesota Lynx on their victory in the 2015 Women’s National Basketball Associa-tion Finals. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. PORTMAN. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 297) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, 
OCTOBER 27, 2015 
Mr. PORTMAN. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:02 Oct 27, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26OC6.020 S26OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7496 October 26, 2015 
Senate completes its business today, it 
adjourn until 10 a.m., Tuesday, October 27; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consider-ation of S. 754, with the time until 11 a.m. equally divided between the two leaders or their designees; finally, that notwithstanding the provisions of rule XXII, there be 2 minutes of debate equally divided prior to each vote, and that all votes after the first vote in each series be 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. PORTMAN. Madam President, if 
there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order, following the remarks of Senator F
RANKEN . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The Senator from Minnesota. Mr. FRANKEN. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent to speak for 6 minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CYBERSECURITY INFORMATION 
SHARING BILL 
Mr. FRANKEN. Madam President, 
tomorrow we will vote on my amend-ment to the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act, or CISA. I am proud to be joined on this amendment by Senators L
EAHY , DURBIN , and W YDEN , each of 
whom has worked to try to ensure that any cyber legislation passed by this body is effective and adequately safe-guards the privacy and civil liberties of the American people. 
My amendment tightens the defini-
tions of the terms ‘‘cyber security threat’’ and ‘‘cyber threat indicator’’ in the bill. These changes will help en-sure that CISA’s broad authorities are not triggered in circumstances where no real cyber threats are present. This makes the bill more privacy protected and more likely to work effectively. The amendment is supported by more 
than 30 civil society organizations, from the American Civil Liberties Union to prominent Libertarian groups like R Street. As I will describe, it ad-dresses specific concerns that have been raised by security experts, major tech companies, and even the Depart-ment of Homeland Security. 
Under CISA, companies are author-
ized to monitor users online, share in-formation with one another and with the Federal Government, and deploy defensive measures—all to protect against ‘‘cyber security threats.’’ Any action that may result in any unau-thorized effort to adversely impact cyber security can be deemed a cyber security threat; that is, may result. That sets the lowest possible standard for determining when actions under CISA are justified, and that is a prob-lem. It sets us up for the oversharing of information, or worse it jeopardizes privacy and threatens to hinder our cyber defense efforts by increasing the noise-to-signal ratio. 
My amendment would clarify that a 
threat is any action at least reasonably likely—reasonably likely—to result in an unauthorized effort to adversely im-pact cyber security. That definition gives companies ample flexibility to act on threats and ensures Americans that CISA isn’t a free pass to share people’s personal information when there is no threat. 
CISA’s definition of cyber threat in-
dicator has also been criticized by se-curity experts, by companies such as Mozilla and, again, even by DHS, which has called the definition ‘‘expansive’’ and said that expansive definition heightens concerns raised by the bill. 
My amendment addresses the two 
parts of the definition that experts have suggested are the most likely to open the door to the sharing of extra-neous information. First, as drafted, CISA would let companies share peo-
ple’s communications if they believe that the files have been harmed in a cyber attack or could potentially—po-tentially—be harmed by a perceived threat. The latter is especially prob-lematic. The range of information that could be shared as evidence of poten-tial harm is vast, and, as experts have explained, unnecessary to the technical work of identifying cyber threats. My amendment continues to allow compa-nies to share information that reveals 
harms caused by a cyber incident but doesn’t extend this to conjecture about hypothetical potential harms, which is unnecessarily broad. 
Finally, my amendment eliminates a 
troubling loophole in the cyber threat indicator definition. In addition to let-ting companies share information that reveals certain specified attributes or features of cyber threats, CISA also lets them share information that re-veals ‘‘any other attribute of a cyberse-curity threat’’ if the disclosure of that attribute is legal. Bill supporters claim that this final clause adequately limits the scope of this provision, but looking at whether disclosure of a threat at-tribute is lawful is an unclear and unhelpful standard. Privacy law is about protecting information, not threat attributes. So my amendment clarifies that companies can share in-formation in this catchall category only if it is legal to share the informa-tion being provided. It is a technical change, but it matters. 
This amendment represents a real ef-
fort to find common ground for moving forward. Quite frankly, it doesn’t do all the work that needs to be done to limit the definitions in this act, but it makes necessary changes—necessary changes—to improve the legislation, both for the sake of privacy and ulti-mately security. 
I urge my colleagues to support 
amendment No. 2612. 
I yield the floor. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 10 a.m. tomorrow. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 6:13 p.m., 
adjourned until Tuesday, October 27, 2015, at 10 a.m. 
f 
CONFIRMATION 
Executive nomination confirmed by 
the Senate October 26, 2015: 
THE JUDICIARY  
LAWRENCE JOSEPH VILARDO, OF NEW YORK, TO BE 
UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE WESTERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:11 Oct 27, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G26OC6.019 S26OCPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1531 October 26, 2015 
DHS HEADQUARTERS REFORM 
AND IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2015 
SPEECH OF  
HON. MICHAEL T. McCAUL 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, October 20, 2015 
Mr. M CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I submit the fol-
lowing exchange of letters between the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and the Trans-portation and Infrastructure Committee regard-ing H.R. 3572. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , 
Washington, DC, October 22, 2015. 
Hon. B ILLSHUSTER , 
Chairman, Transportation and Infrastructure 
Committee, Rayburn House Office Building, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR CHAIRMAN SHUSTER : Thank you for 
your interest in H.R. 3572, the ‘‘DHS Head-quarters Reform and Improvement Act of 2015.’’ I appreciate your cooperation in re-fraining from requesting a sequential refer-ral on this bill in the interest of allowing it to move expeditiously under suspension of the House Rules on October 20, 2015. Because H.R. 3572 has now passed the House, the Par-liamentarians can no longer render an offi-cial decision as to any jurisdictional claim the Transportation and Infrastructure Com-mittee may have had. 
I therefore acknowledge that the question 
of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee’s jurisdictional interest in a cer-tain provision of H.R. 3572 has not been fully adjudicated and that no final decision as to that point was made. I further agree that the absence of a final decision will not prejudice any claim the Transportation and Infra-structure Committee may have with respect to this legislation in the future. 
A copy of this letter will be entered into 
the Congressional Record. 
Sincerely, 
M
ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, 
Chairman. 
COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND  
INFRASTRUCTURE , HOUSE OF REP-
RESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, October 22, 2015. 
Hon. M ICHAEL T. M CCAUL, 
Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security, 
Ford House Office Building, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR CHAIRMAN MCCALL: I write con-
cerning H.R. 3572, the ‘‘DHS Headquarters Reform and Improvement Act of 2015’’. This legislation includes matters that I believe fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
In order to expedite floor consideration of 
H.R. 3572, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure agreed to forgo action on this bill despite the fact that the Parliamen-tarians were unable to fully litigate the ju-risdictional question. However, this was con-ditional on our mutual understanding that forgoing consideration of the bill would not prejudice the Committee with respect to the appointment of conferees or to any future ju-risdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation that fall within the Committee’s Rule X ju-
risdiction. 
I request that you please place a copy of 
this letter and your response acknowledging our jurisdictional interest into the Congres-sional Record. 
Sincerely, 
B
ILLSHUSTER , 
Chairman. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF DR. 
PELLEGRINI’S RECEIPT OF ENRICO FERMI AWARD 
HON. TED LIEU 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, October 26, 2015 
Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to recognize Dr. Claudio Pellegrini for his remarkable and groundbreaking work in the scientific community. On October 20, 2015, Dr. Pellegrini received the Enrico Fermi Award for his research on relativistic electron beams and free-electron lasers. This honor is among the most respected and prestigious awards for scientific achievement. 
Throughout his lifetime, Dr. Pellegrini has 
held many prominent positions and earned nu-merous impressive awards. After studying at the University of Rome, he became Director of the laser division at the Frascati National Lab-oratories in the 1970s. He later served at the Brookhaven National Laboratory and at the Nordic Institute of Theoretical Physics. In re-cent years he has worked at the SLAC Na-tional Accelerator Laboratory. He is the distin-guished recipient of a Fulbright fellowship and the FEL Prize. Still, these include only a frac-tion of Dr. Pellegrini’s accomplishments. 
I am especially pleased to recognize Dr. 
Pellegrini’s position as a Distinguished Pro-fessor Emeritus of Physics at the University of California Los Angeles. Widely considered an expert in electron and photon beams physics, his research contributed to the development of the first hard x-ray free-electron laser and helped advance high-energy physics more generally. The university and surrounding community has undoubtedly benefited from Dr. Pellegrini’s presence. 
I am confident that Dr. Pellegrini’s work will 
continue to benefit the scientific community in the United States and throughout the world. Today, California’s 33rd Congressional District is proud to congratulate Dr. Pellegrini as a Fermi Award recipient and as a tremendous scientist and individual. 
f 
LIFELONG ATHLETE: MARK 
SERTICH 
HON. RICHARD M. NOLAN 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, October 26, 2015 
Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Mark Sertich of Duluth, Minnesota, who continues to celebrate victories on the ice 
at ninety-four years old. 
Mark, who during World War II fought in 
General George Patton’s Third Army liberating concentration camps, still puts on his ice skates several times a week to play a pick-up game of hockey. At fifty-nine years old he ran his first marathon and did not stop there. As of today, he has finished five marathons and eleven inline skating marathons. 
Ice hockey remains his favorite sport, which 
is why Mark plays every week—no excuses. Forty-two years ago Mark began competing in the annual Snoopy’s Senior World Tour-nament with the late cartoonist Charles Schulz. The two played on the same line to-
gether for many years and became good friends. 
After taking a hard hit on the ice, resulting 
in two fractured ribs and a punctured lung, doctors said would keep him out of the game for at least six weeks. Mark was back on the ice in just three. His commitment makes him a role model for us all. When asked in a re-cent interview how he stays motivated to play every week, he responded, ‘‘I say the most important step is the first one out the door.’’ 
I congratulate Mark for not only continuing 
to play his favorite sport, but also for his vic-tories on the ice, including winning paid skat-ing fees for life in a bet with his teammates when he was eighty years old. Hopefully when I am ninety-four years old I can still lace up my skates and hold my own with players my grandchildren’s age—and win a few games too. 
f 
HONORING MALCOLM ‘‘MAL’’ 
BURNSTEIN 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, October 26, 2015 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor 
an exceptional leader and activist, who fought for equality and civil rights for many decades, Malcolm ‘‘Mal’’ Burnstein. 
Mal Burnstein was born in 1933 in Detroit, 
and faced heavy oppression and intolerance growing up as a Jewish man in the 1930’s and 1940’s. The difficulties Mal faced inspired him to be an advocate for civil rights. In the 1940’s, Mal was very active in politics in his youth, and volunteered on quite a few cam-paigns. Some of the campaigns he volun-teered for include Henry Wallace’s campaign for president; Mennen Williams’s campaign for governor; and Martha Griffith’s campaign for Congress. 
Mal graduated with his law degree from 
Boalt Law School at UC Berkeley in 1958, and after law school, he pursued a fellowship in Europe and studied international law at the Sorbonne in Paris. He then clerked for a year under California Supreme Court Justice Thom-as White. 
Mal’s strong conviction to fight for civil rights 
and equality led him back to Europe for an-other fellowship, where he worked in Geneva, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Oct 27, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26OC8.001 E26OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1532 October 26, 2015 
advocating for the cause of international 
human rights. In 1961, Mal began working for Robert Trehauft at the Trehauft firm, practicing labor law. The Trehauft firm soon disbanded, and Robert Treuhauft joined Doris Walker’s firm, hiring Mal as the only associate. 
In 1962, Mal formed the Boatrackers Demo-
cratic Club, a group dedicated to representing civil rights demonstrators. The club is notable for defeating a recall proposed by conserv-ative Berkeley citizens to recall the Berkeley School Board for racially integrating their Berkeley schools. 
Mal worked with the Free Speech Move-
ment, the student protest that took place at UC Berkeley in 1964, when the Movement or-ganizers sought legal representation from the Walker firm. Mal provided legal counsel for the Movement, and advised the Movement stu-dent organizers during negotiations with the school. Mal’s admiration for student leadership and commitment to the Free Speech Move-ment proved vital during the trials of the 800 arrested students. 
Mal was also a member of the Congress of 
Racial Equality (CORE), and was one of its volunteer lawyers. He participated in CORE organized eat-ins, sit-ins, shops-ins, and pick-et protests. Such actions were instrumental in paving the way for diversification in work-places around the East Bay. 
On a personal note, Mal has been a con-
fidant, my lawyer, a mentor, and most impor-tantly, a wonderful friend. I value his wise counsel and am always energized by his soar-ing spirit. 
On behalf of the residents of California’s 
13th Congressional District, I extend my sin-cerest congratulations to Malcolm ‘‘Mal’’ Burnstein. 
f 
HONORING ANDERSON’S GROCERY, 
RECIPIENT OF THE 2015 EXCEL-LENCE IN OPERATIONS AWARD FROM THE WASHINGTON FOOD INDUSTRY ASSOCIATION 
HON. CATHY McMORRIS RODGERS 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, October 26, 2015 
Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise to congratulate Anderson’s Grocery in Republic, Washington for receiving the 2015 Excellence in Operations Award from the Washington Food Industry Association. I want to recognize the owners Ms. Kari Beedle, Ms. Julie Padilla, and Ms. Judee Young for their tireless effort, serving people in Republic and across Eastern Washington. 
The Excellence in Operations Award recog-
nizes those who excel in daily store oper-ations, product merchandising, and employee relations of community-focused grocers in Washington State. As a family-owned grocery store, Anderson’s Grocery has continuously served Republic, Washington for one hundred and fifteen years. It is this type of devotion and commitment that makes Anderson’s Gro-cery truly deserving of this distinguished award. 
Anderson’s Grocery and its owners care 
deeply about their customers and employees and operate with the philosophy that their em-ployees are the key to their success. Under this philosophy, the owners have implemented many worker-friendly programs. Additionally, 
to better meet the needs of Ferry County and the surrounding areas, through the years, An-derson’s Grocery added capacity in their fro-zen food, deli, produce and meat departments, and added a bakery department, further exem-plifying their commitment to providing en-hanced goods and services in order to better the lives of all within our community. 
Outside of the store, Kari Beedle, Julie 
Padilla, and Judee Young established the Mary French Foundation. This foundation, named after an Anderson’s Grocery employee who passed away of breast cancer, works to raise funds to support scholarship efforts for Republic High School seniors. This commit-ment illustrates what involved and devoted community members look like and Anderson’s Grocery continually goes above and beyond to provide exemplary service and to give back to all of those in Republic, Washington and in Ferry County. 
So today I recognize these accomplish-
ments and congratulate Anderson’s Grocery and its owners on being leaders in our com-munity, on their dedicated service to Republic and Ferry County, and on receiving the dis-tinct 2015 Excellence in Operations Award from the Washington Food Industry Associa-tion. Thank you for all of your efforts to serve and better Eastern Washington. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO VAN G. MILLER 
HON. ROD BLUM 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, October 26, 2015 
Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the memory of a dear friend and a true innovator, Mr. Van G. Miller. I was saddened to learn of his death earlier this week. Van was a pillar of the community of Waterloo— founding VGM and Associates in 1986 as a provider of home medical equipment, believing that community-based providers produced the best results. Under his direction, the company quickly expanded to include more than 20 business units and employing 850 people. He was recognized as a Champion of Home Care by the American Association for Home Care and was named one of the HME Industry’s Top Ten most Influential Individuals by HME News. 
Despite his success, he remained humble 
and quick to credit his success to his employ-ees. He called each of his employees on their birthdays and work anniversaries and sup-ported numerous local charities throughout the First District. In addition, he shared the suc-
cess of VGM with them as he sold 100 per-cent of the company to its employees through an Employee Stock Option Plan. 
His family and friends, the state of Iowa and 
the City of Waterloo will greatly miss Van—a true visionary in his field. 
I express my condolences to his immediate 
family, as well as his extended family at VGM, and for all of those who had the privilege of knowing him. 2015 WOMEN’S INTERNATIONAL 
AUCTIONEER CHAMPION: TAMMY TISLAND 
HON. RICHARD M. NOLAN 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, October 26, 2015 
Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Tammy Tisland, from Hines, Min-nesota for being named the 2015 Women’s International Auctioneer Champion. Tammy won the title at the National Auctioneers Asso-ciation Conference and Show in July. 
In addition to her work as an auctioneer, 
Tammy dedicates much of her spare time to helping veterans and their families in her com-munity. As a member of the American Legion Auxiliary, American Legion Riders, and Patriot Guard Riders she has found helping veterans and their families greatly rewarding. 
Tammy has been in the auction industry 
fourteen years and enjoys ‘‘helping folks move from one chapter in life to another.’’ During the competition she was judged on everything from her professional presentation to effective selling skills, to her bid call. Tammy attributes her success to a culmination of evolving as a competitor, following the advice of her men-tors, and growing not only her involvement with the National Auctioneers Association but also learning to be a giver within the NAA. As 2015 IAC champion she hopes to motivate young auctioneers to give back to the industry and the people it serves as they pursue their goals. 
Thank you, Tammy Tisland, for your dedica-
tion and service to our community. 
f 
APPLAUDING MATT WEINSTEIN 
FOR HIS SERVICE TO ALA-BAMA’S FIRST CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT 
HON. BRADLEY BYRNE 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, October 26, 2015 
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
share my appreciation to Matt Weinstein for his nine years of service to Alabama’s First Congressional District. Matt’s last day serving the people of Southwest Alabama will be Fri-day, October 30. 
Matt started his service to Alabama’s First 
Congressional District in 2010 as a legislative assistant to Congressman Jo Bonner (R–AL). Prior to working for the First District, Matt worked in the office of Alabama Congressman M
IKEROGERS (R–AL) starting in January 2007. 
Upon my election to Congress in December 
2013, I was proud to name Matt Weinstein my legislative director. In my office, Matt has been a dedicated advisor on all policy matters and served as a liaison with small businesses and elected officials in Southwest Alabama. 
Matt has been instrumental in my office’s ef-
forts to push forward with construction of a new I–10 bridge over the Mobile River. Matt has done an impressive job of working with the Alabama Department of Transportation and the federal Department of Transportation to remove bureaucratic hurdles. With Matt’s help, we have been able to make real, tan-gible process over the last two years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Oct 27, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26OC8.002 E26OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1533 October 26, 2015 
When the BP/Deepwater Horizon oil spill hit 
Alabama’s Gulf Coast, Matt helped Congress-man Bonner advocate for our coastal commu-nities. Matt played an important role in crafting the RESTORE Act, which was intended to keep oil spill settlement money under control of the coastal counties. 
I am especially grateful for Matt’s service to 
our nation’s service members and veterans. Matt did tremendous work supporting our na-tion’s Navy and the thousands of Alabamians who work at the Austal USA shipyard in Mo-bile, Alabama. Matt has also assisted count-less veterans with various issues related to the Department of Veterans Affairs and has supported my efforts to give veterans greater access to private care. 
Mr. Speaker, I asked former Congressman 
Jo Bonner to share his gratitude with Matt as well. Congressman Bonner said, ‘‘Matt is one of the most talented and dedicated young men I know. He thinks strategically, always looking for ways to build consensus and get the job done. He was invaluable to the people of South Alabama during the aerial refueling tanker war, but he was equally helpful in get-ting those early contracts for Austal and during those difficult months following the BP/Deep-water Horizon explosion. I can’t say enough good things about Matt Weinstein; he is truly one in a million.’’ 
A native of Mobile, Alabama, Matt has 
served his hometown with dedication, passion, and steady leadership. I wish him and his wife, Paige, all the best in their future endeav-ors. Alabama’s First Congressional District will be forever grateful for his service. 
f 
HONORING HO FENG-SHAN 
HON. STEVE ISRAEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, October 26, 2015 
Mr. ISRAEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the bravery and heroism of Ho Feng- Shan, the Chinese Consul-General stationed in Vienna during World War II. 
At great risk to his personal safety, Mr. Ho 
issued Chinese visas to thousands of Austrian Jews, allowing them to flee the country and escape the atrocities of Nazi concentration camps. Despite strict orders from his superiors to stop issuing visas on such a large scale, he refused to abide by these instructions and un-doubtedly saved thousands of lives. 
On August 7, 2000, Mr. Ho was recognized 
by Yad Vashem with the title, ‘‘Righteous among the Nations’’ for his selfless and coura-geous actions. 
Please join me in honoring Ho Feng-Shan 
for his sacrifice and brave display of noble hu-manitarianism. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE ACHIEVEMENTS 
OF MEDICAL RESEARCH IN GEORGIA 
HON. DAVID SCOTT 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, October 26, 2015 
Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to discuss a disease that is impor-tant to my family, breast cancer. This dev-
astating disease strikes 1 in 8 women, affect-ing our mothers, wives, daughters, sisters, and loved ones. In Georgia, breast cancer is a par-ticularly serious problem as it is the most com-mon type of cancer and the second most deadly type of cancer among women in the state. According to the nonprofit Sisters by Choice, 6000 women will be diagnosed with breast cancer, and 1000 will die from breast cancer in Georgia each year. This epidemic is made worse by the fact that 19 percent of Georgians do not have health insurance, 33 percent of Georgia counties do not have mam-mography machines, and 75 percent of Geor-gia counties are medically underserved. Due to slow detection caused by these facts, 30 percent of breast cancers will have metasta-sized and be present in other places through-out the body by the time they are found. 
Despite the disheartening statistics about 
cancer, I know that there is still hope. Detec-tion and treatment advances found in the past few years will help to both lessen the risk of cancer and win the fight to eradicate cancer. I am pleased that Georgia is a hub for medical innovation in the fight against cancer, utilizing public and private partnerships to research the disease. Moreover, the CDC and the inter-nationally regarded cancer centers at Emory University, Georgia Regents University, the University of Georgia, Northside Hospital, and other centers throughout the state have pio-neered effective, yet minimally invasive ways to treat this disease. 
Additionally, the CDC has contributed to this 
effort through public outreach programs aimed at improving surveillance so that cancers can be caught early. In addition, the internation-ally-renowned Winship Cancer Institute at Emory University has tested 75 percent of FDA-approved new cancer treatments in the past seven years. At another renowned institu-tion, researchers at the University of Georgia have discovered a vaccine that attacks a pre-viously unassailable protein. This vaccine is vi-tally important because this protein is found in the majority of killing cancers and in the ‘‘tri-ple-negative’’ tumors common in a particularly dangerous variant of breast cancer. 
In addition to the work done by the profes-
sional research institutions in Georgia, I am proud that the Georgia community has come together to support those who are suffering from not just breast cancer, but cancers of all types. For instance, Sisters by Choice, a non-profit organization centered around helping underinsured and underserved women to find and treat breast cancer, is working on creating a mobile clinic that will provide screenings, di-agnostic services, access to clinical trials, and other resources to these disadvantaged popu-lations. In addition, wonderful nonprofit organi-zations working with cancer centers, such as the Cancer Support Community Atlanta and the Treehouse Gang, an organization based around supporting children with a parent suf-fering from cancer, provide vital assistance and hope to cancer sufferers and their fami-lies. Finally, the Atlanta 2-Day Walk has raised $11 million in just 13 years to help find new ways to treat and prevent breast cancer. Through these initiatives, and the hard work of the cancer centers in Georgia, I know that definite progress has been and will continue to be made to treat and eradicate this deadly dis-ease. IN RECOGNITION OF PATRICIA 
MILJANICH 
HON. JACKIE SPEIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, October 26, 2015 
Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor 
Patricia Miljanich, a departing member of the Board of Trustees of the San Mateo County Community College District. Ms. Miljanich has served the public in her position since 1995, and she has been part of a board of trustees that has created over 20 years an outstanding college system for residents. 
When Trustee Miljanich began her service, 
the district had decades-old buildings, stag-nant enrollment, and curriculum that needed upgrading. She and her fellow trustees went to work hiring new staff, passing several bonds, and overseeing the resurrection of a commu-nity gem. In addition to her role as a trustee, Patricia Miljanich has served on the board of the nonprofit corporation overseeing an inno-vative housing project on the campuses of the community colleges. She has also served as a board member of the foundation supporting the community colleges. 
As a result of her leadership and that of her 
board colleagues, the San Mateo County Community Colleges now have stunning state- of-the-art campuses, classes that offer a broad path to a four year institution, and several shorter programs that prepare students to be job ready through two year degrees and cer-tificates. As a pathway to lifelong learning and prosperity, the college district reflects the vi-sion of Trustee Miljanich that every young per-son, and many who are in mid-career or retire-ment, should view the community colleges as their ongoing ticket to a rigorous education. 
Ms. Miljanich has another side to her public 
service beyond her years as a trustee. At one point she served as a field representative for a member of the state assembly, and as a legal advocate for low income children while Director of Legal Services for Children in San Francisco. 
Most of all, Ms. Miljanich has distinguished 
herself as a remarkable leader of the nonprofit Court Appointed Special Advocates (CASA), an organization that pairs caring adults with children who are in the protection of the courts when their parents cannot care for them. There is no question that Patricia Miljanich, in this role, has saved the lives of many children. CASA is an extraordinary organization which brings out the best of caring volunteers and matches it with the most basic need of a child: to have a friend and advocate during times of tremendous insecurity and trauma. 
Patricia is a graduate of the University of 
Virginia and the University of San Francisco School of Law. Her greatest archievements, no doubt, are her four children, Nicolene Mefford, Martine Miljanich, Peter Miljanich, and Sophia Miljanich, and her four grand-children. 
Mr. Speaker and members, Patricia 
Miljanich is retiring from the Board of Trustees of the San Mateo County Community College District, but she will remain very active in our community. She put in countless hours during her 20 years of service to the district, and of-fered decades of additional help to children and our most vulnerable residents. As she leaves, the wind at her back is the force of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Oct 27, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K26OC8.004 E26OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1534 October 26, 2015 
those praying for her to succeed in her next 
adventure. As she will experience shortly, this wind will likely be a gale force event, so be-loved is Patricia Miljanich in San Mateo Coun-ty. 
f 
20TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE COM-
PLETION OF THE GATEWAY GEY-SER 
HON. MIKE BOST 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, October 26, 2015 
Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-
ognize the 20th Anniversary of the completion of the Gateway Geyser. It is a proud and dis-tinct achievement that the tallest fountain in the United States, and the second tallest in the world, is located in the Metro East region of Southern Illinois. 
The vision and drive of Malcom Martin 
made it possible to undertake this incredible project. In addition to its famous geyser, the park’s facilities offer visitors impressive and memorable views of the Arch and City of St. Louis. It is very much a part of the overall Jef-ferson National Expansion Memorial. 
As I toured the park recently, I developed 
an understanding for the desires that the Metro East Park and Recreation District and the Gateway Center have to make this amaz-ing park a part of the Jefferson National Ex-pansion Memorial. Doing so would be a fitting tribute to Malcom Martin and all of the City of East St. Louis officials who have helped make this anniversary possible. 
f 
HONORING DEPUTY CHIEF DAVID 
E. DOWNING 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, October 26, 2015 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor 
the exemplary career of Deputy Chief David Downing of the Oakland Police Department. 
Deputy Chief Downing began his career in 
law enforcement with the Oakland Police De-partment (OPD) in 1988. During his career, he has served in a wide variety of assignments, including Police Academy Director, Internal Af-fairs Commander, and Special Operations Commander. In 2012, he was promoted to Deputy Chief of Police and is currently the commander of the Bureau of Field Operations for West Oakland. Deputy Chief Downing also served concurrently with OPD’s Special Weap-ons and Tactics team from 1992 to 2011 as an operator, team leader, and tactical com-mander. 
In addition to serving the citizens of Oak-
land, Deputy Chief Downing served the United States of America as an Air Force Reservist from 1984 to 2014. He retired as a Chief Mas-ter Sergeant with the Air Force Office of Spe-cial Investigations as the Senior Enlisted Leader for the 4th Field Investigative Region, at Randolph Air Force Base in Texas. In 2001, he was mobilized into active duty and served in Operation Noble Eagle, Enduring Freedom, and Iraqi Freedom until his return to civilian law enforcement in 2003. Deputy Chief Downing received his Bach-
elor’s Degree in Administration of Justice from San Jose State University in 1989, and went on to graduate from Indiana State University in 2008 with a Master’s Degree in Criminology. He is also the graduate of several senior man-agement programs, including the Federal Bu-reau of Investigation’s National Academy, the Police Executive Research Forum’s Senior Management Institute for Police, and the Cali-fornia Peace Officer Standards and Training Executive Development Course. 
Throughout his career, Deputy Chief Down-
ing has maintained a special interest in and relationship with Oakland’s Chinatown. He serves the Oakland and Chinatown commu-nities as a member of the Board of Directors of the Oakland Chinatown Chamber of Com-merce, the President of the Oakland Police Foundation, President of the Oakland Police Managers Association, Chairman of the Asian Advisory Committee on Crime, Chairman of the Asian Youth Services Committee (AYSC), Chairperson of the AYSC Scholarship Dinner, 
and has raised funds and manpower to send low-income youth to various camps and semi-nars across the nation. 
On behalf of the residents of California’s 
13th Congressional District, Deputy Chief David E. Downing, I salute him. I thank him for a lifetime of service and congratulate him on his achievements. I wish him and his loved ones the very best as he enjoys his well-de-served retirement. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 25TH AN-
NIVERSARY OF THE WHITE HOUSE INITIATIVE ON EDU-CATIONAL EXCELLENCE FOR HISPANICS 
HON. JUAN VARGAS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, October 26, 2015 
Mr. VARGAS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize and commend the 25th anniversary of the White House Initiative on Educational Excellence for Hispanics. The initiative, estab-lished in 1990, has sought to address the edu-cational disparities faced by the Hispanic com-munity. This year, the White House launched the Bright Spots catalog to commemorate the initiative’s success. This newly created re-source honors organizations around the coun-try significantly furthering the educational at-tainment of the Hispanic community. 
While there are 230 programs included in 
the catalog, I would like to honor three organi-zations in California’s 51 District: Barrio Logan College Institute, Reality Changers, and the San Ysidro Vanguard Education Foundation. 
Barrio Logan College Institute, established 
in 2007, is a nonprofit working to provide dis-advantaged students with the opportunity to attend college. The organization begins work-ing with students in third grade and continues providing support and guidance throughout high school. Since its creation, 100 percent of its graduates have gone on to college. 
Reality Changers was founded in 2001 in an 
attempt to better prepare disadvantaged His-panic youth for college. By establishing var-ious support systems and college readiness programs, the organization has seen 97 per-cent of its students become first generation college students. San Ysidro Vanguard Education Foundation 
was created in 2012 to address the racial and ethnic disparities within the San Ysidro School District. The organization focuses on early learning, college access, Latino teacher re-cruitment, and STEM education. 
Again, I would like to extend my admiration 
and sincere appreciation for all the work that these groups continue to do for our commu-nity. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF RONN OWENS 
HON. JACKIE SPEIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, October 26, 2015 
Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor a 
broadcast legend who is celebrating his 40th anniversary at KGO Newstalk 810 today and who will be inducted into the National Radio Hall of Fame in November. Ronn Owens is a household name in the Bay Area and beyond, a master in his field, and a remarkably tal-ented, opinionated and intellectually curious man whom I am proud to call a good friend. I have spent many hours on the air with Ronn and he is always tough, thoughtful, informed and unpredictable. 
He has honed his skills in thousands of 
interviews with guests in the hot seat, includ-ing President Barack Obama, Democratic Leader N
ANCY PELOSI , actor Steve Martin, 
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, 49er quarterback Joe Montana, singer Tony Bennett and a long list of Secretaries of State, CIA Directors, mayors and community leaders. 
His longevity and style on the air have 
earned him many prestigious awards: The Bay Area Radio Hall of Fame, the National Asso-ciation of Broadcaster’s Marconi Award twice, Talkers Magazine’s Top 25 Greatest Radio Talk Show Host of All Time, and now the Na-tional Radio Hall of Fame where he will be joining the likes of Edward R. Murrow, Bob Hope and Terry Gross. 
Ronn was born Ronald Lowenstein on Octo-
ber 17, 1945 in New York City. He graduated from Temple University in Philadelphia in 1968 and launched his broadcast career hosting radio programs in Atlanta, Miami, Cleveland and Philadelphia. In 1975 he moved to San Francisco and began his four decade run at KGO radio. Today, he remains the only week-day talk radio host on the station and has a regular audience of half a million listeners. 
While Ronn is very vocal about his opin-
ions—he also wrote a book titled Voice of Reason: Why the Left and Right Are Wrong— he is the first to admit when he is wrong. Facts matter and he is dedicated to seeking the truth. Last year, Ronn revealed a chal-lenging personal truth to his listeners. He was diagnosed with Parkinson’s disease over a decade ago. He decided to go public after the tragic death of Robin Williams who was diag-nosed with Parkinson’s. Ronn hasn’t let his symptoms get in the way of doing his job. 
Recently he joked before surgery, ‘‘If I come 
out and say, ‘you know, that Sarah Palin would make a heckuva president,’ we’ll know something went wrong.’’ He meets the chal-lenges of his disease with great courage and humor. 
Ronn started his radio career when analog 
reel-to-reel tape recorders, cartridges and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Oct 27, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26OC8.005 E26OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1535 October 26, 2015 
turntables were modern, but he has stayed 
with the times, in fact he is an early adopter and loves technology. I remember when at a visit to his studio I pulled out my Blackberry to take a photo, and he burst out laughing mak-ing fun of my ‘‘antique’’ phone, I promptly bought an iPhone. 
The love for radio and story-telling has 
shaped Ronn’s professional and personal life. He is married to former KGO and KCBS an-chor Jan Black and they have two truly ac-complished daughters, Sarah and Laura. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask the House of Represent-
atives to rise with me to honor Ronn Owens, an icon in radio news and commentary, for his extraordinary career. He has kept me and countless public officials on our political toes and will continue to do so for a long time. 
f 
IN TRIBUTE TO DR. IRVING J. 
SELIKOFF, A PIONEER IN ENVI-RONMENTAL AND OCCUPA-TIONAL MEDICINE 
HON. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, October 26, 2015 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to Dr. Irving J. Selikoff (1915–1992), whose ground break-ing work created the field of environmental and occupational medicine. Dr. Selikoff estab-lished the first hospital division of occupational and environmental medicine in the nation at Mount Sinai Hospital in New York City, devel-oping clinical programs that have cared for thousands of workers impacted by occupa-tional diseases. This month, Mount Sinai cut the ribbon on the Selikoff Centers for Occupa-tional Health, named in his honor. 
Revered as the father of occupational 
health, Dr. Selikoff’s research and tireless ad-vocacy has saved millions of lives. In 1952, working with Dr. Edward H. Robitzek, he dem-onstrated that isonazaid was an effective treat-ment for tuberculosis. He subsequently opened a clinic for lung patients in Paterson, N.J., where he saw 17 workers from an as-bestos plant with similar symptoms. Within a few years, 15 were dead, 14 of them from lung cancer, asbestosis or mesothelioma. This led him to begin investigating the cause of their illnesses. His research expanded and he began studying the health of other insulation workers, often collaborating with labor unions. Despite heavy resistance from the industry, he ultimately recruited 17,800 workers for a sur-vey that documented widespread illness among those who had worked with asbestos. Even people who had been exposed for less than a week had lung scarring 30 years later. 
Dr. Selikoff’s research on asbestos disease 
and his expert testimony shaped public policy and improved working conditions for America’s working men and women. Thanks to his care-ful research, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration imposed safeguards for workers starting in the 1970s. His work also prompted the Environmental Protection Admin-istration to implement regulations regarding asbestos products; however, the United States remains one of the few developed nations that do not ban asbestos. 
Dr. Selikoff’s tireless advocacy led to a fun-
damental understanding in this country that workers have the right to safe working condi-
tions. Over the span of his 50-year career until his death in 1992, he taught two generations of physicians, published over 380 scientific works, and publicized the health risks associ-ated with toxins found in everyday work envi-ronments. He wrote more than 350 scientific articles and two books, edited 11 books and founded two journals. In 1982 Dr. Selikoff, Cesare Maltoni and other eminent scientists founded the Collegium Ramazzini. Comprised of 180 internationally renowned experts in oc-cupational and environmental health, the Col-legium Ramazzini helps social and political leaders understand how scientific discoveries impact public health. 
Researchers at Mount Sinai and around the 
world continue his work and are leaders in the prevention, diagnosis and treatment of work-place injuries and illnesses. After 9/11, when people who had worked at Ground Zero began to experience disproportionate levels of illness, Mount Sinai began to do research on the cause. Their work helped document the need for a program to provide care for people who had been made sick by the toxins re-leased on 9/11. Mount Sinai was naturally se-lected as one of the Centers of Excellence to treat their illnesses under the direction of Dr. Philip J. Landrigan. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in applauding the extraordinary work and leg-acy of Dr. Irving J. Selikoff. His focus on the health impacts of workplace conditions has benefitted millions of American workers. 
f 
HONORING DAN JENSEN 
HON. JEFF DENHAM 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, October 26, 2015 
Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, on 
behalf of myself and Congressman M CCLIN-
TOCK to acknowledge and honor Dan Jensen 
who announced his retirement as President of Delaware North at Yosemite. In that position, he is responsible for overseeing lodging, food service, retail, transportation and guest recre-ation in Yosemite National Park provided under contract to the National Park Service. 
Born and raised in Visalia, a central Cali-
fornia community, located in a rich agricultural region, Dan attended college at UC Riverside and graduated in 1971 with a Bachelors of Arts in Economics. In addition he holds an MBA from University of California, Los Ange-les. Immediately after graduating, he joined the Los Angeles office of Price Waterhouse, the world’s largest professional services firm, where he worked in the audit services division. 
In 1993, Dan began his career in the theme 
park industry as the executive vice president and general manager of Universal Studios in Florida. He was instrumental in the expansion of the major resort destination which included a second theme park, three themed hotels and a nighttime entertainment complex known as City Walk. In 2001, Dan’s theme park ca-reer went overseas, where he became the ex-ecutive vice president and chief operating offi-cer of the newly opened park Universal Stu-dios in Japan. During Dan’s time with Uni-versal Studios Japan, it had the most success-ful first year of operations in the history of theme parks. Participating in a cultural exchange program 
in Russia in 1998, gave Dan the opportunity to visit various national parks throughout Russia. The purpose was to gain valuable insight into business and social issues that would con-tribute to improved funding for Russia’s na-tional park system. This made him an ideal candidate for his extensive role as President of Delaware North located near one of Califor-nia’s most established National Parks. 
Having worked for the previous conces-
sioner from 1979 to 1992 in various financial and operational roles, Dan returned to Yosem-ite in 2006 as President of Delaware North at Yosemite. The global leading company’s oper-ations in Yosemite includes 1,350 hotel rooms, 21 food service operations and 16 retail loca-tions as well as a variety of recreational activi-ties. 
Despite Dan’s extensive work load, he finds 
the time to be an active participant in the com-munity of Yosemite. He was on the board of trustees and the council of the Yosemite Con-servancy, chairman of the Yosemite/Mariposa Tourism Bureau and a member of the Univer-sity of California at Merced Board of trustees. Dan is an active supporter of NatureBridge, an educational nonprofit organization that pro-vides outdoor environmental education in Yo-semite as well as other national parks. 
Dan and his wife Susan, parents of two now 
adult children, reside in the Yosemite Valley. 
Mr. Speaker, please join Congressman 
M
CCLINTOCK and I in honoring and com-
mending the outstanding contributions made to Yosemite by the President of Delaware North, Dan Jensen. We wish him continued success in his retirement. 
f 
HONORING MS. FRANCES CHOW 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, October 26, 2015 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor 
an extraordinary member of the East Bay community, Ms. Frances Chow upon her re-tirement. 
Ms. Chow was born and raised in Stockton, 
California. She spent countless hours of her personal time volunteering in soup kitchens and senior centers, as a summer camp coun-selor for physically challenged youths, and in local community organizations including the United Way. 
Later, Ms. Chow went on to graduate from 
the University of San Diego with a Bachelor of Arts Degree in Business Administration and minor in Mathematics. She is also trained and certified in Clinical Psychology, Project Man-agement, and Bank Compliance. 
Upon graduating, Ms. Chow was recruited 
to work with the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC), which is an independent federal agency created by Congress to main-tain stability and confidence in the nation’s fi-nancial system. During her 20-year career at the FDIC, Ms. Chow received numerous per-formance awards, including ‘‘Employee of the Year.’’ 
Currently, Ms. Chow is Senior Vice Presi-
dent and Regional Operations Manager of Gateway Bank, FSB, located in Oakland Chinatown. 
Throughout the years, Ms. Chow has made 
innumerable contributions to the Chinatown 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Oct 27, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26OC8.009 E26OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1536 October 26, 2015 
and East Bay community, through her service 
as a Sunday school teacher, youth and science camp counselor, and her work with various local organizations. Ms. Chow has served as the Asian Advisory Committee on Crime’s Annual Banquet Chairperson, former President of the Oakland Chinatown Chamber of Commerce, and the former President of the Oakland Chinatown Lions Club. 
Ms. Chow currently serves as the Vice 
President of the Oakland Chinatown Chamber of Commerce, Vice President of the Asian Ad-visory Committee on Crime, Treasurer of the Oakland Police Foundation, the Health Fair Chairperson for the Chinatown Lions Club, and volunteers at the Oakland Children’s Hos-pital Children’s Network. 
Ms. Chow has also received numerous 
awards for her community work. She was rec-ognized as the Oakland Chinatown Chamber of Commerce’s ‘‘Volunteer of the Year’’ in 1998, received the Lions Club’s Melvin Jones Award in 2011, and in 2012, was recognized as the Asian Advisory Committee on Crime’s ‘‘Citizen of the Year’’ Award and recognized as ‘‘Citizen/Member of the Year’’ by Gateway Bank. 
On behalf of the residents of California’s 
13th Congressional District, Ms. Frances Chow, I salute her. I thank her for a lifetime of service and congratulate her on her many achievements. I wish her and her loved ones 
the very best as she enjoys her well-deserved retirement. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, October 26, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,152,650,688,229.10. We’ve 
added $7,525,773,639,316.02 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
HONORING JOAN MILLMAN 
HON. NYDIA M. VELA´ZQUEZ 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, October 26, 2015 
Ms. VELA ´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, today I ex-
tend a heartfelt appreciation of Joan Millman for her tireless work for the residents of the 52nd Assembly District over the last two dec-ades. 
‘‘Brownstone Joan’’ has represented us in 
Albany as a reformer to challenge the estab-lishment. She has lent her voice to those who too often are neglected or ignored in the polit-ical process. 
Joan has been a trailblazer like our beloved 
Eileen Dugan before her, and today our new Assemblywoman Jo Anne Simon continues that tradition. 
Joan Millman has been a steadfast and 
dedicated champion of seniors, children and the most vulnerable among us. Among her many achievements, she has 
been critical to making the dream of Brooklyn Bridge Park a reality. 
She has advocated for affordable housing, 
street safety and access to quality education and parental engagement. 
My friends, Joan has a long public service 
record that speaks for itself. She is a leader with great integrity who has led our assembly district with distinction and honor. 
Not only is Joan a fine public servant, she 
is also a very good friend. 
Joan Millman’s tireless efforts over the last 
17 years on behalf of all Brooklyn residents are an inspiration to all of us in public service and I salute her. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF 100TH ANNI-
VERSARY OF THE METROPOLI-TAN CLUB 
HON. JACKIE SPEIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, October 26, 2015 
Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor 
the 100th anniversary of a landmark in San Francisco that is beloved as an important gathering place for women and as a historic building. The Metropolitan Club at 640 Sutter Street today serves over 1,000 members and countless non-profits that use the beautiful building for meetings and events. 
The Metropolitan Club started in 1912–1914 
as a vision of a group of Bay Area women who were determined to build an athletic club for women similar in size, grandeur and serv-ices to those available to men. These ladies were active in civic and charitable organiza-tions and the preparations for the 1915 Pan-ama Pacifica International Exposition. 
On October 25, 1915 their vision became a 
reality and the Women’s Athletic Club of San Francisco was incorporated as the first wom-en’s athletic club west of Chicago. For a cen-tury now, the club has been a special place for women of all ages to pursue physical and intellectual fitness. 
The historic building was designed by Bliss 
& Faville, a prominent architectural firm that is responsible for landmarks such as the Bank of California, the Geary Theater, the Masonic Temple, Southern Pacific headquarters, China Basin, the Marines’ Memorial Club and the University Club. After a major addition to the clubhouse was finished in 1923, the San Fran-cisco Chronicle lauded the club as ‘‘unlike anything in the United States maintained for and by women.’’ 
The unique character of the Metropolitan 
Club has made it a desirable place for historic events. It became the unofficial headquarters for visiting women journalists who covered the signing of the United Nations Charter in San Francisco in 1945. In 1948, it was the only local club represented at the first Western meeting of UNESCO. 
In 2004, the Metropolitan Club received one 
of the most prestigious honors from the U.S. Department of the Interior; it was nominated to be listed in the National Register of Historic Places which is the official list of the Nation’s historic places worthy of preservation. The Metropolitan Club was described as a ‘‘place where the women who formed a club and gen-erations of San Francisco women after them have met their friends, exercised, dined, 
played cards, celebrated holidays, attended lectures, entertained others and engaged in all the activities of the club.’’ The same year, the 640 Heritage Preservation Foundation was created as a 502(c)3 with the mission to pre-serve the club’s historic building and important heritage. 
Major seismic and life-saving renovations 
were completed in 2009 to prepare the club for its second century as the ‘‘House that Women Built.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that the House of Rep-
resentatives join me in saying happy 100th birthday to the Metropolitan Club which has touched the lives of countless San Francisco families and helped shape the history of our beautiful city by the bay. 
f 
CONGRATULATING OAK TRACE EL-
EMENTARY SCHOOL, A BLUE RIBBON SCHOOL 
HON. SUSAN W. BROOKS 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, October 26, 2015 
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to congratulate an outstanding school in my district that is being honored as a 2015 National Blue Ribbon School. It is a pleasure to congratulate Oak Trace Elemen-tary School in Westfield, Indiana in celebration of this special occasion. 
The National Blue Ribbon designation, given 
by the United States Department of Education, 
is awarded to both public and private schools across our great nation. Started by President Reagan and given annually since 1982, the award celebrates great American schools that achieve very high learning standards or are making significant improvements in the aca-demic achievements of their students. In my district and across the country, the award rec-ognizes the great educators, students, and parents who have worked so hard to ensure Indiana’s children reach their full potential and achieve academic success. 
For all of these reasons and many more, I 
am so proud that Oak Trace Elementary School is receiving this prestigious designa-tion. It is a wonderful acknowledgement of the school’s commitment to providing young Hoo-siers an exceptional education. While hun-dreds of schools nationwide were nominated, only 335 schools were designated as 2015 National Blue Ribbon Schools, making this recognition all the more impressive. 
Serving developmental preschool children 
through fourth grade, Oak Trace Elementary School provides its students with a safe and exciting learning environment. Oak Trace is a C.L.A.S.S. (Connecting Learning Assures Suc-cessful Students) school that implements a non-cognitive curriculum focused on doing the right thing and treating people right. They offer a unique learning atmosphere that focuses on building life skills, measures performance by individual student growth, and offers plenty of opportunities to give back to the community. Through differentiated instruction, students achieve well above the national average and consistently place in the top 5 percent of all students in Indiana. I applaud its administra-tors and teachers for their focus on individual growth and commitment to ensuring its stu-dents engage with the Hoosier community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Oct 27, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A26OC8.012 E26OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1537 October 26, 2015 
As an advocate for education and youth, I 
also want to acknowledge how important it is to our nation’s future to encourage and raise a new generation of Americans who have the skills and knowledge to succeed both in and out of the classroom. Students like those at Oak Trace Elementary School give me hope that we will accomplish this vital mission. Their outstanding work is an inspiration to students, educators, and parents across the nation. Once again, congratulations to Oak Trace Ele-mentary School. I am very proud of you. 
f 
HONORING LINDA B. SWADEL, 
CHIEF ASSESSOR FROM WEST-BOROUGH, MASSACHUSETTS 
HON. JAMES P. McGOVERN 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, October 26, 2015 
Mr. McGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor Linda B. Swadel, Chief Assessor from Westborough, Massachusetts. 
Linda is retiring this November after having 
served as an Assessor in several commu-nities—including Leicester, Northbridge and Westborough—over the last 30 years as well as serving on various committees for the Mas-sachusetts Association of Assessing Officers. She is currently serving as the MAAO Legisla-tive Committee Co-Chair. 
Like assessors throughout Massachusetts, 
Linda has helped to provide our cities and towns with the critical financial services essen-tial to supporting strong budgets for our com-munities’ schools, public safety, recreation, and so many other services our families count on every day. 
She is currently the Chairman of the Board 
of Assessors and Chief Assessor in Westborough and she serves on the Massa-chusetts Farmland Valuation Advisory Sub- Committee as well as the Legislative Task Force for the Council on Aging. 
She has served on various other MAAO 
Committees in her tenure, such as the Edu-cation Committee and the Telecom Com-mittee. She is a recipient of the MAAO’s Wil-son Award as well as the MAAO’s Past Presi-dent’s Award. Both of which are given to members for their service and dedication to the profession and the Association. 
Linda is also a two-time Past President of 
the Worcester County Assessors Association and I am so grateful for the difference she has made in our community. 
Throughout her career, she has shared her 
passion for her profession by speaking at con-ferences, inspiring and helping her peers to grow in their own careers. 
For all of Linda’s hard work and dedication, 
I am proud to recognize her as she retires from a career dedicated to helping others and keeping our communities strong. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. MARTHA 
BRUCKNER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, October 26, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Dr. Mar-tha Bruckner of Council Bluffs, Iowa, for her 
selection as Iowa’s 2015–16 School Super-intendent of the Year. Under Dr. Bruckner’s leadership the Council Bluffs Community School District has seen great successes, in-cluding improved graduation rates and in-creased academic achievement. 
This award is presented by the School Ad-
ministrators of Iowa, based on standards that include a shared vision of learning, a presence of school culture, a safe and effective learning environment, engagement with the community, integrity and fairness, and a dedication to ad-dressing the issues facing public education. Dr. Bruckner embodies these criteria with her passion for education and her leadership with-in the Council Bluffs School District. She has shown that a commitment to improving the learning environment within a school district can and will yield positive results for students. 
Mr. Speaker, I commend Dr. Bruckner for 
her dedicated service to the Council Bluffs Community School District, and more impor-tantly, to each and every student she over-sees. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Dr. Bruckner for receiving this outstanding award and in wishing her and her students nothing but continued success. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE 2016 VIR-
GINIA TEACHER OF THE YEAR, MRS. NATALIE D
IFUSCO-FUNK 
HON. H. MORGAN GRIFFITH 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, October 26, 2015 
Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Speaker, I submit these 
remarks to congratulate the 2016 Virginia Teacher of the Year, Mrs. Natalie DiFusco- Funk. She is a fifth-grade teacher at West Salem Elementary School in Salem, Virginia, where my two sons attend school. 
According to press reports, DiFusco-Funk 
earned her Bachelor of Arts in Education and her Master of Education at Boston College, and in 2013, earned her National Board Cer-tification in Literacy. She is a 12-year veteran of the classroom who has been teaching in Salem City Schools for five years. Previously, she taught in Botetourt County as a reading specialist and also taught in schools in Massa-chusetts. 
‘‘Natalie is an exceptional teacher and a 
consummate professional who positively changes the lives of young people and facili-tates the growth and development of her col-leagues,’’ said Salem Superintendent H. Alan Seibert. 
DiFusco-Funk, who has said she felt called 
to teach since she was in fifth grade, is the first Salem City Schools teacher to have earned this recognition. She will now compete to be the National Teacher of the Year. 
She said, ‘‘I told my students—like Spider- 
Man says, ‘With great power comes great re-sponsibility,’ and so it is my responsibility to represent the field of education well and to speak on behalf of all the teachers of Virginia, and take it to the White House.’’ 
On behalf of many in the district, I thank 
Mrs. Natalie DiFusco-Funk for all she has done for our area, and congratulate her for this hard-earned recognition and praise. Best wishes for many more years of success. CONGRATULATING OUR LADY OF 
MOUNT CARMEL CATHOLIC SCHOOL, A BLUE RIBBON SCHOOL 
HON. SUSAN W. BROOKS 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, October 26, 2015 
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to congratulate an outstanding school in my district that is being honored as a 2015 National Blue Ribbon School. It is a pleasure to congratulate Our Lady of Mount Carmel Catholic School in Carmel, Indiana in celebration of this special occasion. 
The National Blue Ribbon designation, given 
by the United States Department of Education, is awarded to both public and private schools across our great nation. Started by President Reagan and given annually since 1982, the award celebrates great American schools that achieve very high learning standards or are making significant improvements in the aca-demic achievements of their students. In my district and across the country, the award rec-ognizes the great educators, students, and parents who have worked so hard to ensure Indiana’s children reach their full potential and achieve academic success. 
For all of these reasons and many more, I 
am so proud that Our Lady of Mount Carmel Catholic School is receiving this prestigious designation. It is a wonderful acknowledge-ment of the school’s commitment to providing young Hoosiers an exceptional education. While hundreds of schools nationwide were nominated, only 335 schools were designated as 2015 National Blue Ribbon Schools. Of the 335 schools, Our Lady of Mount Carmel was 1 of 50 private schools to receive recognition, making this recognition all the more impres-sive. 
Serving children from kindergarten through 
eighth grade, Our Lady of Mount Carmel Catholic School provides its students with an outstanding education in both academics and the Catholic faith. It is a Four Star School, awarded by the state of Indiana. The school achieved this designation by placing in the top 25th percentile of schools in three ISTEP- based categories. Our Lady consistently pro-vides excellence in education by facilitating a Christ-centered educational community that creates a vibrant learning community, provides opportunities to serve others, and prepares students for lifelong learning. As a mother whose children attended Catholic school, I ap-plaud Our Lady of Mount Carmel Catholic School for its work to ensure its students en-gage in significant acts of community service and remain dedicated to carrying out the mis-sion of Jesus Christ. 
As an advocate for education and youth, I 
also want to acknowledge how important it is to our nation’s future to encourage and raise a new generation of Americans who have the skills and knowledge to succeed both in and out of the classroom. Students like those at Our Lady of Mount Carmel Catholic School give me hope that we will accomplish this vital mission. Their outstanding work is an inspira-tion to students, educators, and parents across the nation. Once again, congratulations to Our Lady of Mount Carmel Catholic School. I am very proud of you. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Oct 27, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26OC8.016 E26OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1538 October 26, 2015 
CQUENCE HEALTH GROUP: BEST 
PLACE TO WORK IN HEALTH CARE 
HON. BRAD ASHFORD 
OF NEBRASKA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, October 26, 2015 
Mr. ASHFORD. Mr. Speaker, today I’d like 
to recognize CQuence Health Group, named number one on the list of ‘‘Best Places to Work in Healthcare’’ by Modern Healthcare. Ranked on their commitment to wellness, bal-ance, and workplace fitness, Modern Healthcare definitively found CQuence was on top this year. 
This type of recognition is not unusual for 
CQuence, who were also named ‘‘Employee Voice Award’’ this year as well. In 2014 they were ranked Top 10 ‘‘Best Places to Work’’ and given the ‘‘Golden Well Workplace Award’’. The list of awards and accomplish-ments spans back all the way to 2009, dem-onstrating CQuence’s real commitment to a better work place. Not only am I proud that CQuence’s 31 employees work in my district, I’m also proud to represent this innovative leadership. CEO Mike Cassling clearly under-stands that the way we work has dramatically changed, so must we change the way we deal with stress and quality of life. 
Studies have shown workplace stress is 
costing our economy money: from health care costs, low productivity, to job turnover, stress negatively impacts businesses everywhere. CQuence’s approach to work life balance and employee wellness will certainly change their employees’ lives, which in turn will change the lives of their families and friends. Soon, this employee wellness first approach will per-meate into the Omaha community, the greater state of Nebraska, and our country. 
I hope to see more businesses follow this 
example. If anyone is seeking a new job, I en-courage them to see what Nebraska has to offer. Our low unemployment to our high em-ployee satisfaction, Nebraska leads the way. I applaud Mike and CQuence for their award 
winning wellness programs and I am excited to see how they continue to enrich their lives next year. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS 
Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, 
agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. 
As an additional procedure along 
with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  
on Monday and Wednesday of each week. 
Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, Oc-
tober 27, 2015 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
OCTOBER 28 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Foreign Relations 
To hold hearings to examine the United 
States role and strategy in the Middle East. 
SD–419 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing 
and Urban Development, and Related Agencies 
To hold hearings to examine unmanned 
aircraft systems and the steps being taken to successfully integrate this technology into our National Airspace System. 
SD–192 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and 
Urban Affairs 
Subcommittee on Financial Institutions 
and Consumer Protection 
To hold hearings to examine the state of 
rural banking, focusing on challenges and consequences. 
SD–538 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation 
To hold hearings to examine the nomina-
tion of Jessica Rosenworcel, of the Dis-trict of Columbia, to be a Member of the Federal Communications Commis-sion for a term of five years from July 1, 2015. 
SR–253 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Energy and Water Devel-
opment 
To hold hearings to examine realizing 
the potential of the Department of En-ergy national laboratories. 
SD–138 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, 
and Pensions 
Subcommittee on Primary Health and Re-
tirement Security 
To hold hearings to examine retirement 
plan options for small businesses. 
SH–216 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine the state of 
our nation’s biodefense. 
SD–342 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine Department 
of Veterans Affairs mental health, fo-cusing on ensuring access to care. 
SR–418 
3:30 p.m. 
Committee on Foreign Relations 
To hold hearings to examine the nomina-
tions of Peter William Bodde, of Mary-land, to be Ambassador to Libya, Marc Jonathan Sievers, of Maryland, to be Ambassador to the Sultanate of Oman, Elisabeth I. Millard, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Tajikistan, and Kenneth Damian Ward, of Virginia, for the rank of Ambassador during his tenure of service as United States Representative to the Organiza-tion for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons, all of the Department of State, and John Morton, of Massachu-setts, to be Executive Vice President of the Overseas Private Investment Cor-poration. 
SD–419 OCTOBER 29 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
To hold hearings to examine alternative 
approaches to defense strategy and force structure. 
SD–G50 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Finance 
To hold hearings to examine welfare and 
poverty in America. 
SD–215 
Committee on Foreign Relations 
To hold hearings to examine the nomina-
tion of Thomas A. Shannon, Jr., of Vir-ginia, to be an Under Secretary of State (Political Affairs). 
SD–419 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, 
and Pensions 
To hold hearings to examine mental 
health and substance use disorders in America, focusing on priorities, chal-lenges, and opportunities. 
SD–430 
Committee on the Judiciary 
Business meeting to consider pending 
calendar business. 
SD–226 
2:15 p.m. 
Committee on Foreign Relations 
To hold hearings to examine protocol 
Amending the Convention between the United States of America and the Swiss Confederation for the Avoidance of Double Taxation with Respect to Taxes on Income, signed at Washington on October 2, 1996, signed on September 23, 2009, at Washington, as corrected by an exchange of notes effected Novem-ber 16, 2010 and a related agreement ef-fected by an exchange of notes on Sep-tember 23, 2009 (Treaty Doc. 112–01), protocol Amending the Convention be-tween the Government of the United States of America and the Government of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with Respect to Taxes on Income and Cap-ital, signed on May 20, 2009, at Luxem-bourg (the ‘‘proposed Protocol’’) and a related agreement effected by the ex-change of notes also signed on May 20, 2009 (Treaty Doc. 111–08), convention between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of the Republic of Hungary for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with Re-spect to Taxes on Income, signed on February 4, 2010, at Budapest (the ‘‘pro-posed Convention’’) and a related agreement effected by an exchange of notes on February 4, 2010 (Treaty Doc. 111–07), the Convention between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of the Republic of Chile for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with Respect to Taxes on Income and Capital, signed in Wash-ington on February 4, 2010, with a Pro-tocol signed the same day, as corrected by exchanges of notes effected Feb-ruary 25, 2011, and February 10 and 21, 2012, and a related agreement effected by exchange of notes (the ‘‘related Agreement’’) on February 4, 2010 (Trea-ty Doc. 112–08), the Protocol Amending the Convention on Mutual Administra-tive Assistance in Tax Matters, done at Paris on May 27, 2010 (the ‘‘proposed Protocol’’), which was signed by the United States on May 27, 2010 (Treaty Doc. 112–05), the Protocol Amending the Convention between the United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Oct 27, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A26OC8.021 E26OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1539 October 26, 2015 
States of America and the Kingdom of 
Spain for the Avoidance of Double Tax-ation and the Prevention of Fiscal Eva-sion with Respect to Taxes on Income and its Protocol, signed at Madrid on February 22, 1990 (Treaty Doc. 113–04), the Convention between the United States of America and the Republic of Poland for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and the Prevention of Fiscal 
Evasion with Respect to Taxes on In-come, signed on February 13, 2013, at Warsaw (Treaty Doc. 113–05), and the Protocol Amending the Convention be-tween the Government of the United States of America and the Government 
of Japan for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with respect to Taxes on In-come and a related agreement entered into by an exchange of notes (together the ‘‘proposed Protocol’’), both signed on January 24, 2013, at Washington, to-gether with correcting notes exchanged March 9 and March 29, 2013 (Treaty Doc. 114–01). 
SD–419 2:30 p.m. 
Select Committee on Intelligence 
To hold closed hearings to examine cer-
tain intelligence matters. 
SH–219 
NOVEMBER 4 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine the value of 
education choices for low-income fami-lies, focusing on reauthorizing the D.C. Opportunity Scholarship Program. 
SD–342 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:36 Oct 27, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M26OC8.000 E26OCPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D1129 Monday, October 26, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S7479–S7496 
Measures Introduced: One bill and five resolutions 
were introduced, as follows: S. 2206, S.J. Res. 23–24, and S. Res. 296–298.
                              Page S7491 
Measures Reported: 
S. 2123, to reform sentencing laws and correc-
tional institutions, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute.
                                                            Page S7491 
Measures Passed: 
Wounded Warriors Federal Leave Act: Com-
mittee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs was discharged from further consideration of H.R. 313, to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide leave to any new Federal employee who is a veteran with a service-connected disability rated at 30 percent or more for purposes of undergoing med-ical treatment for such disability, and the bill was then passed.
                                                                  Page S7495 
Improving Regulatory Transparency for New 
Medical Therapies Act: Committee on Health, Edu-
cation, Labor, and Pensions was discharged from fur-ther consideration of H.R. 639, to amend the Con-trolled Substances Act with respect to drug sched-uling recommendations by the Secretary of Health and Human Services, and with respect to registration of manufacturers and distributors seeking to conduct clinical testing, and the bill was then passed, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:
                                                                            Page S7495 
Portman (for Alexander) Amendment No. 2748, 
in the nature of a substitute.                                Page S7495 
Congratulating the Minnesota Lynx: Senate 
agreed to S. Res. 297, congratulating the Minnesota 
Lynx on their victory in the 2015 Women’s Na-tional Basketball Association Finals.
                Page S7495 
Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act—Agree-ment: A unanimous-consent-time agreement was 
reached providing that at approximately 10 a.m., on Tuesday, October 27, 2015, Senate resume consider-ation of S. 754, to improve cybersecurity in the United States through enhanced sharing of informa-
tion about cybersecurity threats, with the time until 11 a.m., equally divided between the two Leaders, or their designees; and that notwithstanding the provi-sions of rule XXII, that there be two minutes of de-bate equally divided prior to each vote, and that all votes after the first vote in each series be 10 minutes each.
                                                                                 Page S7496 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-
lowing nomination: 
By a unanimous vote of 88 yeas (Vote No. EX. 
284), Lawrence Joseph Vilardo, of New York, to be United States District Judge for the Western Dis-trict of New York.
                              Pages S7486–88, S7496 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S7489 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S7489 
Measures Placed on the Calendar: 
                                                                            Pages S7479, S7489 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                                    Page S7489 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S7489–91 
Petitions and Memorials:                                    Page S7491 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S7491–92 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S7492–94 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S7488–89 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S7494–95 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. 
(Total—284)                                                                 Page S7488 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 3 p.m. and ad-
journed at 6:13 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, Oc-tober 27, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on pages S7495–96.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:04 Oct 27, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26OC5.REC D26OCPT1rfrederick on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1130 October 26, 2015 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 6 public 
bills, H.R. 3828–3833; and 5 resolutions, H.J. Res. 71–72; H. Con. Res. 87; and H.Res. 492–493 were introduced.
                                                            Pages H7188–89 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H7189–90 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: 
H.R. 1317, to amend the Commodity Exchange 
Act and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to specify how clearing requirements apply to certain affiliate transactions, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–311, Part 1); 
H.R. 1338, to require the Secretary of Veterans 
Affairs to conduct a study on matters relating to the burial of unclaimed remains of veterans in national cemeteries, and for other purposes, with an amend-ment (H. Rept. 114–312); and 
H. Res. 491, providing for consideration of the 
bill (H.R. 1090) to amend the Securities and Ex-change Act of 1934 to provide protections for retail customers, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–313).
                                                                      Page H7188 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Dold to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                                     Page H7177 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:04 p.m. and re-
convened at 2 p.m.                                                    Page H7177 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:03 p.m. and recon-
vened at 6:32 p.m.                                                    Page H7178 
Motion to discharge committee: Pursuant to clause 
2 of rule XV, Representative Fincher called up Mo-tion No. 2, to discharge the Committee on Rules from the further consideration of H. Res. 450, pro-viding for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 597) to reauthorize the Export-Import Bank of the United States. Subsequently, the House agreed to the mo-tion to discharge the Committee on Rules by a yea- and-nay vote of 246 yeas to 177 nays, Roll No. 569. 
                                                                                    Pages H7178–82 
Reform Exports and Expand the American Econ-omy Act—Rule for consideration: The House 
began consideration of H. Res. 450, providing for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 597) to reauthor-ize the Export-Import Bank of the United States. Further proceedings were postponed.
      Pages H7182–83 
Suspension: The House agreed to suspend the rules 
and pass the following measure: 
READ Act: H.R. 3033, amended, to require the 
President’s annual budget request to Congress each year to include a line item for the Research in Dis-
abilities Education program of the National Science Foundation and to require the National Science Foundation to conduct research on dyslexia. 
                                                                                    Pages H7184–87 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate 
by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page H7178. 
Senate Referral: S. 1493 was held at the desk. 
                                                                                            Page H7178 
Quorum Calls—Votes: One yea-and-nay vote de-
veloped during the proceedings of today and appears on page H7182. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-
journed at 8:15 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
RETAIL INVESTOR PROTECTION ACT 
Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on 
H.R. 1090, the ‘‘Retail Investor Protection Act’’. The committee granted, by record vote of 9–3, a structured rule for H.R. 1090. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Financial Services. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Com-mittee Print 114–31 shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule makes in order only the amendment printed in the Rules Com-mittee report, if offered by Representative Lynch of Massachusetts, or his designee, which shall be con-sidered as read, shall be debatable for 10 minutes equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amendment printed in the report. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or with-out instructions. Testimony was heard from Chair-man Hensarling and Representative Maxine Waters of California. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:04 Oct 27, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26OC5.REC D26OCPT1rfrederick on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1131 October 26, 2015 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see DAILY DIGEST , p. D1104) 
H.R. 3116, to extend by 15 years the authority 
of the Secretary of Commerce to conduct the quar-terly financial report program. Signed on October 22, 2015. (Public Law 114–72) 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, 
OCTOBER 27, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine 
United States military strategy in the Middle East, 9 a.m., SD–G50. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: busi-
ness meeting to consider pending calendar business, Time to be announced, S–207, Capitol. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: to hold an 
oversight hearing to examine the Office of Surface Min-ing, Reclamation, and Enforcement’s proposed Stream Protection Rule, 9 a.m., SD–366. 
Committee on Finance: to hold hearings to examine the 
Internal Revenue Service’s response to Committee rec-ommendations contained in its August 5, 2015 report, 9 a.m., SD–215. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: to receive a closed brief-
ing on the Administration’s response to the Syrian con-flict, 9:30 a.m., SVC–217. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: to hold closed hearings to 
examine certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Agriculture, Subcommittee on Nutrition, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Past, Present, and Future of SNAP: Breaking the Cycle’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. 
Committee on Armed Services, Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Shortening the Defense Acquisition Cycle’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection Forces, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Game Changers—Undersea Warfare’’, 2 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
Committee on Education and the Workforce, Subcommittee 
on Early Childhood, Elementary, and Secondary Edu-cation, hearing entitled ‘‘Improving Career and Technical Education to Help Students Succeed in the Workforce’’, 10 a.m., 2261 Rayburn. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on 
Communications and Technology, hearing entitled ‘‘Com-mon Carrier Regulation of the Internet: Investment Im-pacts’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Environment and the Economy, hear-
ing entitled ‘‘E-manifest: An Update on Implementa-tion’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on Africa, 
Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘The Global Crisis of Re-ligious Freedom’’, 12:30 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Syrian Humanitarian Crisis from the Ground, Part II’’, 2 p.m., 2167 Rayburn. 
Committee on House Administration, Full Committee, 
markup on a committee resolution amending Committee regulations to permit officially-sanctioned competitions, 11 a.m., 1310 Longworth. 
Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, markup on 
H.R. 3279, the ‘‘Open Book on Equal Access to Justice Act’’; and H.R. 2834, to enact certain laws relating to the environment as title 55, United States Code, ‘‘Envi-ronment’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Sub-
committee on Information Technology; and Sub-committee on Oversight and Investigations of the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, joint hearing entitled ‘‘VA and DoD IT: Electronic Health Records Interoper-ability’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘A Review of Progress by the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), Science and Technology Directorate’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
Committee on Small Business, Subcommittee on Con-
tracting and Workforce, hearing entitled ‘‘Maximizing Mentoring: How are the SBA and DoD Mentor-Prote ´ge´ 
Programs Serving Small Businesses?’’, 10 a.m., 2360 Ray-
burn. 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Sub-
committee on Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation, hearing entitled ‘‘Prevention of and Response to the Ar-rival of a Dirty Bomb at a U.S. Port’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD 
Week of October 27 through October 30, 2015 
Senate Chamber 
On Tuesday , at approximately 10 a.m., Senate will re-
sume consideration of S. 754, Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act. At approximately 11 a.m., Senate will vote on or in relation to a series of amendments to the bill. At 4 p.m., Senate will continue to vote on or in relation to amendments to the bill, followed by a vote on the mo-tion to invoke cloture on the bill, and then a vote on final passage of the bill. 
During the balance of the week, Senate may consider 
any cleared legislative and executive business. 
Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Appropriations: October 28, Subcommittee 
on Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine unmanned aircraft systems and the steps being taken to successfully integrate this technology into our National Airspace Sys-tem, 10 a.m., SD–192. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:04 Oct 27, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26OC5.REC D26OCPT1rfrederick on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1132 October 26, 2015 
October 28, Subcommittee on Energy and Water De-
velopment, to hold hearings to examine realizing the po-tential of the Department of Energy national laboratories, 2:30 p.m., SD–138. 
Committee on Armed Services: October 27, to hold hear-
ings to examine United States military strategy in the Middle East, 9 a.m., SD–G50. 
October 29, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-
amine alternative approaches to defense strategy and force structure, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Octo-
ber 28, Subcommittee on Financial Institutions and Con-sumer Protection, to hold hearings to examine the state of rural banking, focusing on challenges and con-sequences, 10 a.m., SD–538. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Octo-
ber 27, business meeting to consider pending calendar business, Time to be announced, S–207, Capitol. 
October 28, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-
amine the nomination of Jessica Rosenworcel, of the Dis-trict of Columbia, to be a Member of the Federal Com-munications Commission for a term of five years from July 1, 2015, 10 a.m., SR–253. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: October 27, 
to hold an oversight hearing to examine the Office of Surface Mining, Reclamation, and Enforcement’s proposed Stream Protection Rule, 9 a.m., SD–366. 
Committee on Finance: October 27, to hold hearings to 
examine the Internal Revenue Service’s response to Com-mittee recommendations contained in its August 5, 2015 report, 9 a.m., SD–215. 
October 29, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-
amine welfare and poverty in America, 10 a.m., SD–215. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: October 27, to receive a 
closed briefing on the Administration’s response to the Syrian conflict, 9:30 a.m., SVC–217. 
October 28, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-
amine the United States role and strategy in the Middle East, 9:30 a.m., SD–419. 
October 28, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-
amine the nominations of Peter William Bodde, of Mary-land, to be Ambassador to Libya, Marc Jonathan Sievers, of Maryland, to be Ambassador to the Sultanate of Oman, Elisabeth I. Millard, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Tajikistan, and Kenneth Damian Ward, of Virginia, for the rank of Ambassador during his tenure of service as United States Representative to the Organi-zation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons, all of the Department of State, and John Morton, of Massachu-setts, to be Executive Vice President of the Overseas Pri-vate Investment Corporation, 3:30 p.m., SD–419. 
October 29, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-
amine the nomination of Thomas A. Shannon, Jr., of Vir-ginia, to be an Under Secretary of State (Political Affairs), 10 a.m., SD–419. 
October 29, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-
amine protocol Amending the Convention between the United States of America and the Swiss Confederation for the Avoidance of Double Taxation with Respect to Taxes on Income, signed at Washington on October 2, 1996, signed on September 23, 2009, at Washington, as cor-rected by an exchange of notes effected November 16, 
2010 and a related agreement effected by an exchange of notes on September 23, 2009 (Treaty Doc. 112–01), pro-tocol Amending the Convention between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with Respect to Taxes on Income and Capital, signed on May 20, 2009, at Luxembourg (the ‘‘proposed Protocol’’) and a related agreement effected by the exchange of notes also signed on May 20, 2009 (Treaty Doc. 111–08), con-vention between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of the Republic of Hungary for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with Respect to Taxes on Income, signed on February 4, 2010, at Budapest (the ‘‘proposed Convention’’) and a related agreement effected by an ex-change of notes on February 4, 2010 (Treaty Doc. 111–07), the Convention between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of the Re-public of Chile for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with Respect to Taxes on Income and Capital, signed in Washington on February 4, 2010, with a Protocol signed the same day, as cor-rected by exchanges of notes effected February 25, 2011, and February 10 and 21, 2012, and a related agreement effected by exchange of notes (the ‘‘related Agreement’’) on February 4, 2010 (Treaty Doc. 112–08), the Protocol Amending the Convention on Mutual Administrative As-sistance in Tax Matters, done at Paris on May 27, 2010 (the ‘‘proposed Protocol’’), which was signed by the United States on May 27, 2010 (Treaty Doc. 112–05), the Protocol Amending the Convention between the United States of America and the Kingdom of Spain for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with Respect to Taxes on Income and its Protocol, signed at Madrid on February 22, 1990 (Treaty Doc. 113–04), the Convention between the United States of America and the Republic of Poland for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with Respect to Taxes on Income, signed on February 13, 2013, at Warsaw (Treaty Doc. 113–05), and the Protocol Amending the Convention between the Government of the United States of America and the Government of Japan for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and the Pre-vention of Fiscal Evasion with respect to Taxes on Income and a related agreement entered into by an exchange of notes (together the ‘‘proposed Protocol’’), both signed on January 24, 2013, at Washington, together with cor-recting notes exchanged March 9 and March 29, 2013 (Treaty Doc. 114–01), 2:15 p.m., SD–419. 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Oc-
tober 28, Subcommittee on Primary Health and Retire-ment Security, to hold hearings to examine retirement plan options for small businesses, 2:30 p.m., SH–216. 
October 29, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-
amine mental health and substance use disorders in 
America, focusing on priorities, challenges, and opportu-nities, 10 a.m., SD–430. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:04 Oct 27, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26OC5.REC D26OCPT1rfrederick on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1133 October 26, 2015 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
October 28, to hold hearings to examine the state of our nation’s biodefense, 2:30 p.m., SD–342. 
Committee on the Judiciary: October 29, business meeting 
to consider pending calendar business, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: October 28, to hold hear-
ings to examine Department of Veterans Affairs mental health, focusing on ensuring access to care, 2:30 p.m., SR–418. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: October 27, to hold 
closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. 
October 29, Full Committee, to hold closed hearings 
to examine certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House Committees 
Committee on Agriculture, October 28, Full Committee, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Big Data and Agriculture: Innovation and Implications’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. 
Committee on Armed Services, October 28, Subcommittee 
on Military Personnel, hearing entitled ‘‘Transition As-sistance Program—A Unity of Effort’’, 2 p.m., 2212 Ray-burn. 
October 28, Subcommittee on Oversight and Investiga-
tion, hearing entitled ‘‘Assessing DOD’s Assured Access to Micro-Electronics in Support of U.S. National Security Requirements’’, 3:30 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. 
Committee on the Budget, October 28, Full Committee, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Restoring the Trust for America’s Most 
Vulnerable’’, 10 a.m., 210 Cannon. 
Committee on Education and the Workforce, October 28, 
Full Committee, markup on H.R. 3459, the ‘‘Protecting Local Business Opportunity Act’’, 10 a.m., HVC–210. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, October 28, Sub-
committee on Communications and Technology, hearing entitled ‘‘Breaking Down Barriers to Broadband Infra-structure Deployment’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. October 28, Subcommittee on Environment and the 
Economy, hearing entitled ‘‘Update on Low-Level Radio-active Waste Disposal Issues’’; markup on S. 611, the ‘‘Grassroots Rural and Small Community Water Systems Assistance Act’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
Committee on Homeland Security, October 28, Sub-
committee on Counterterrorism and Intelligence, hearing entitled ‘‘Terror Inmates: Countering Violent Extremism in Prison and Beyond’’, 10 a.m., 311 Cannon. 
Committee on the Judiciary, October 28, Full Committee, 
hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the United States Depart-ment of Justice’’, 9:30 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
Committee on Natural Resources, October 28, Sub-
committee on Federal Lands, hearing on a discussion draft of the ‘‘Federal Lands Recreation Enhancement Mod-ernization Act’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. 
October 28, Subcommittee on Indian, Insular and 
Alaska Native Affairs, hearing on H.R. 3764, the ‘‘Tribal Recognition Act of 2015’’, 2 p.m., 1334 Longworth. 
October 28, Subcommittee on Water, Power and 
Oceans, hearing on H.R. 1219, the ‘‘Arbuckle Project Maintenance Complex and District Office Conveyance Act of 2015; H.R. 1296, to amend the San Luis Rey Indian Water Rights Settlement Act to clarify certain settlement terms, and for other purposes; and H.R. 3062, the ‘‘As-suring Private Property Rights Over Vast Access to Land (APPROVAL) Act’’, 2:30 p.m., 1324 Longworth. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, October 
28, Subcommittee on National Security, hearing entitled ‘‘Radicalization: Social Media and the Rise of Terrorism’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, October 28, 
Subcommittee on Research and Technology, hearing enti-tled ‘‘A Review of the Networking and Information Technology Research and Development (NITRD) Pro-gram’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:04 Oct 27, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D26OC5.REC D26OCPT1rfrederick on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1134 October 26, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
10 a.m., Tuesday, October 27 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will resume consideration 
of S. 754, Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act. At ap-proximately 11 a.m., Senate will vote on or in relation to a series of amendments to the bill. At 4 p.m., Senate will continue to vote on or in relation to amendments to the bill, followed by a vote on the motion to invoke clo-ture on the bill, and then a vote on final passage of the bill. 
(Senate will recess following the vote on or in relation to 
Feinstein (for Franken) Further Modified Amendment No. 2612 (to Amendment No. 2716), until 2:15 p.m. for their re-spective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
10 a.m., Tuesday, October 27 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: To be announced. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Ashford, Brad, Nebr., E1538 
Blum, Rod, Iowa, E1532 Bost, Mike, Ill., E1534 Brooks, Susan W., Ind., E1536, E1537 Byrne, Bradley, Ala., E1532 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E1536 Denham, Jeff, Calif., E1535 
Griffith, H. Morgan, Va., E1537 Israel, Steve, N.Y., E1533 Lee, Barbara, Calif., E1531, E1534, E1535 Lieu, Ted, Calif., E1531 Maloney, Carolyn B., N.Y., E1535 McCaul, Michael T., Tex., E1531 McGovern, James P., Mass., E1537 McMorris Rodgers, Cathy, Wash., E1532 
Nolan, Richard M., Minn. E1531, E1532 Scott, David, Ga., E1533 Speier, Jackie, Calif., E1533, E1534, E1536 Vargas, Juan, Calif., E1534 Vela´zquez, Nydia M., N.Y., E1536 
Young, David, Iowa, E1537 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:04 Oct 27, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D26OC5.REC D26OCPT1rfrederick on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST