Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H5119 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JULY 14, 2015 No. 109 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. C
URBELO of Florida). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO 
TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
July 14, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable C ARLOS  
CURBELO to act as Speaker pro tempore on 
this day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 6, 2015, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
The Chair will alternate recognition 
between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. 
f 
SUPPORT FOR UKRAINE AND 
GEORGIA 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
OSKAM ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, ladies 
and gentlemen of the House, we ought not bet against Ukraine and Georgia. 
I recently returned from a bipartisan 
delegation of the House Democracy Partnership that visited Ukraine and Georgia over the Fourth of July recess. Our purpose was to reflect this body to those parliamentary bodies in Ukraine and Georgia. 
I—and I know the other members of 
the House Democracy Partnership— came away with a feeling of encourage-
ment and a feeling of gratitude for the tenacity and very seriousness with which the Ukrainians and the Geor-gians are pursuing freedom. 
These are two nations that des-
perately want to be in the orbit of the West. They desperately want to be a part of the EU; they desperately want to be a part of NATO, and they are doing everything they can to stiff-arm and push back from the aggression of Vladimir Putin. They need our help; they need our encouragement, and they need our support. 
It is said that there are some who 
look at this as the front line of the ris-ing voices against authoritarianism, 
and I think that is true. We have got to do everything we can in this body not only to provide the economic support and other support that these countries need, but also to do everything we can to push the administration to do the right thing as well. 
f 
TRANSPORTATION FUNDING 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, 
this is a big day on Capitol Hill. The Iranian agreement has been signed. Hopefully, we will all have a chance to study it and think through the impli-cations of this historic event, but the legislative clock is ticking down on an-other area. We have only 10 legislative days left this month before we face an-other transportation funding cliff. 
The expectation now is that there 
will be a 34th short-term transpor-tation extension that we have faced since our last, meaningful 6-year reau-thorization. People are scrambling for another short-term funding source to keep us going for the next few months that targets, presumably, $8 billion to $11 billion to get us through the end of the year. This is actually worse than no solu-
tion at all because it perpetuates the uncertainty, the crisis mentality, the inability of State and local govern-ments that rely on this Federal part-nership to supply approximately one- half of the capital expenditures for our surface transportation. 
This uncertainty comes at a time 
when our bridges, roads, and transit systems are all in serious areas of dis-repair. We are desperately in need of bigger, longer-term projects. 
It is a myth that somehow we can’t 
afford to take action. The public is paying now hundreds of dollars a year in damage to each of their vehicles, costs far in excess of a few cents a day for a gas tax increase. 
American commuters and businesses 
are suffering over $120 billion a year in costs related to congestion, costs di-rectly related to inadequate infrastruc-ture. People are tying themselves in knots when there is a simple, obvious solution. 
As pointed out in a delightful op-ed 
in The Washington Post on July 9, we should simply follow Ronald Reagan’s example and fill up America’s highway trust fund. 
They ask how the famously tax-cut-
ting conservative President raised the Federal user fee—the gas tax—on motor fuels 125 percent. While he was concerned about general taxation, he was absolutely comfortable with hav-ing user fees cover specific costs like the fuel tax for aviation or inland wa-terway fees. 
He worked with Republicans in Con-
gress, who demonstrated significant support for user fee increases. He then gave his Secretary of Transportation, Drew Lewis, free hand to lay the groundwork. 
Finally, when he decided to support a 
gas tax increase, his Department of Transportation swung into action, as did Ronald Reagan himself. He gave an eloquent speech November 29, 1982, on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY7.000 H14JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5120 July 14, 2015 
Thanksgiving Day, calling on Congress 
to come back into session and approve the gas tax increase. 
We have the opportunity for such 
leadership today. My proposed gas tax increase, H.R. 680, is supported by all the major interest groups: unions, the Chamber of Commerce, truckers, AAA, transit, local government, environ-mentalists, engineers, and contractors. 
The same approach has been used in 
20 States since 2012 to raise transpor-tation revenues. Six States have raised the gas tax already this year, six red Republican States. It is simple. My bill would provide the money necessary to actually pass a 6-year bill. It would be sustainable so we wouldn’t be back in the same pickle in a year, 2 years, or 5 years. 
Finally, it is dedicated so people can 
count upon it to implement the steps necessary to rebuild and renew Amer-ica’s infrastructure. 
It is time to stop temporizing, and it 
is time to act. Filling the highway trust fund with borrowed money inad-equate to do the job but enough to avoid responsibility is not a solution that we can be proud of, especially when America is ready and Ronald Reagan pointed the way. 
f 
AFTER 45 SEASONS, 50 
CONSECUTIVE WINS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
MMER ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate St. Cloud Cathedral High School baseball coach Bob Karn on 
being named not only the Regional Coach of the Year, but also the Dia-mond National Coach of the Year, by the American Baseball Coaches Asso-ciation. 
Under Coach Karn’s direction, the 
Crusaders have won 50 consecutive games, and this year, they celebrated their second straight State title. These impressive statistics are nothing new for Coach Karn. Karn has coached a total of 45 seasons, and under his lead-ership, Cathedral has a record of 736– 237 and nine State championships. 
Coach Karn, you have made a lasting 
impact on the lives of your players, and they will no doubt use all you have taught them wherever they go. Your team, your school, and your commu-nity have all benefited from your lead-ership. 
Thank you so much for everything 
that you do. Keep up the excellent work, and best of luck next season. 
ACCOUNTABLE REGULATION , NOT MORE  
REGULATION  
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today in support of the REINS Act. 
In my time in Congress, one message 
I consistently hear at home is Wash-ington is not listening to the people. Unelected, nameless bureaucrats con-tinue to impose harmful and burden-some regulation on the American peo-ple. In total, compliance with Federal 
regulation costs $1.8 trillion a year. These regulations are devastating to small business and cost American fami-lies nearly $15,000 a year. 
Using the REINS Act, the new Con-
gress has stepped up to the plate. Under the REINS Act, major rules from Federal agencies would require congressional approval before enact-ment. Through Congress, the American people would have up to 70 days to view a major rule before it is ever called for a vote. To prevent long legal chal-lenges, courts are allowed to ensure agencies have adhered to all necessary requirements before final implementa-tion. 
Finally, the REINS Act allows for 
Congress to disapprove of any minor rule, thus holding this administration accountable and protecting against a runaway Federal Government. 
I am a proud cosponsor of the REINS 
Act, which restores the democratic process in favor of those who originally formed our government, the people. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in 
supporting this vital legislation. 
TRANSPORTATION IS OUR FUTURE  
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. 
Speaker, transportation is the key to the future economic growth of my dis-trict and our Nation. 
For years, the Federal highway trust 
fund has run deficits and fostered an environment of waste and frivolous spending. This week, Congress is poised to pass another short-term fix. While I applaud the efforts of Chairmen R
YAN 
and S HUSTER , my constituents need 
long-term answers and solutions to the transportation gridlock and congestion that stifles growth and expansion. 
Projects in my district, such as 
Interstate 94, which is one of the most congested corridors in the region, are slowing development and cost com-muters valuable time and money while they are stuck in traffic. U.S. Highway 10 has become such an issue that cities are placing moratoriums on new busi-ness development. 
Mr. Speaker, this is a travesty, and 
my constituents have every right to be frustrated. I call upon this body to work to pass a long-term funding bill and give our constituents the certainty they deserve in their transportation system. 
ONE OF ST . CLOUD ’S FINEST IS ONE OF THE  
WORLD ’S STRONGEST  
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to recognize St. Cloud’s own Nick Tylutki for his sec-ond-place finish at the International Powerlifting Federation World Cham-pionship in Salo, Finland. 
This past year, after topping 108 com-
petitors, Nick won the national title and a ticket to the world championship in Finland. With eight previous world championships under his belt, Nick fin-ished higher than ever before, coming just shy of completing a 744-pound deadlift for the gold. 
In addition to his successful 
powerlifting career, Nick is also a St. Cloud police officer and SWAT team 
operator. As a child, Nick dreamed of becoming a police officer, and that dream was realized 7 years ago when he joined the St. Cloud police force. 
I congratulate Nick on his impressive 
silver medal at the world champion-ship, and I thank him for his service as one of St. Cloud’s finest. 
f 
MARKING THE OCCASION OF THE 
‘‘NEW HORIZONS’’ SPACECRAFT REACHING PLUTO 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. N
EAL) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I rise this 
morning to mark the occasion of the New Horizons spacecraft reaching 
Pluto. 
New Horizons launched on January 19, 
2006, and since 2007, has been traveling steadily at 30,000 miles per hour. This morning, at approximately 7:49:57 a.m., the New Horizons spacecraft ren-
dezvoused with Pluto, three billion miles away from Earth. Having just passed Pluto this morning, New Hori-
zons will continue on in the Kuiper 
belt. 
Standing here as the spacecraft just 
passed Pluto, I take great pride in not-ing that a Massachusetts astronomer helped in the discovery of its existence. While Clyde Tombaugh formally dis-covered Pluto, it was Boston astron-omer Percival Lowell’s calculations that led the way. The P and the L that make the astronomical symbol for Pluto serve as a testament to Lowell’s part in the discovery of this small planet. 
Lowell’s contribution to astronomy 
also stands today with the establish-ment of the Lowell Observatory lo-cated in Flagstaff, Arizona. Percival Lowell inspired countless generations with his advocacy of astronomy, and more than 80,000 visitors each year go through the doors of the observatory. 
I am certainly proud to have known 
Lowell’s descendants, the Putnam fam-ily, for years; and I admire their con-tinued advocacy of the Lowell Observ-atory. 
b1015 
New Horizons is the first in the ‘‘New 
Frontiers’’ series, inspired by another son of Massachusetts, President John Kennedy, who said about the need to explore space: ‘‘We set sail on this new sea because there is a new knowledge to be gained, new rights to be won, and they must be won and used for the progress of all people.’’ 
President Kennedy’s support of our 
Nation’s first space program set us on course for hope and optimism for our future. 
New Horizons ’ accomplishment this 
morning, along with other initiatives such as the International Space Sta-tion, which I am very proud to say that I supported and recall that in this in-stitution, the space station survived by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.026 H14JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5121 July 14, 2015 
one vote at a precarious time in our 
history. It serves today as a strong re-minder of the continued importance of space exploration and the very smart people that are drawn to this initia-tive. 
I also want to close by saying that I 
would hope that we might remind our-selves of the optimism of the Kennedy years and the space exploration pro-gram which Kennedy highlighted and helped to inaugurate but which he never got to see many of the benefits of, a sentiment that all Members of Congress should grasp, and that is that the candidate who offers the best sense of optimism for the future is generally the candidate that prevails. During the course of a campaign when one makes arguments on behalf of a particular ini-tiative, we are also to understand that it is part of forming a government. So optimism becomes infectious in our po-litical system when embraced properly. 
I hope today, as we celebrate this re-
markable achievement of New Horizons 
and just the thought that that space-craft travels at 30,000 miles per hour and the fact, at 3 billion miles from Earth, America’s science, achievement, and initiative have once again pre-vailed in this world, that we will con-tinue to support these space initiatives and embrace the notion and the role that science plays in our lives. 
Thank you Percival Lowell, and 
thank you President John Kennedy. 
f 
CUT ILLEGAL ALIEN LABOR SUP-
PLY THAT COSTS AMERICAN JOBS AND SUPPRESSED IN-COMES 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. B
ROOKS ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. Mr. Speak-
er, yesterday Democrat Presidential candidate Hillary Clinton unveiled her economic program stating: ‘‘The defin-ing economic challenge of our time is clear. We must raise incomes for hard- working Americans so they can afford a middle class life. We must drive strong and steady income growth that lifts up families’’; and, ‘‘The measure of our success must be how much in-comes rise for hard-working families.’’ 
Clinton concluded that: ‘‘If you work 
hard and do your part, you should be able to get ahead. But over the past several decades, that bargain has erod-ed.’’ 
Hillary Clinton identifies the prob-
lem and goals; however, I submit her trickle-down Federal Government dic-tates solution, while splendid rhetoric, misses the target entirely. 
What changed over the past several 
decades that eroded the American dream? 
Three decades ago, America gave am-
nesty to millions of illegal aliens. That amnesty beget millions and millions in more illegal aliens. This illegal alien tsunami has done more to take jobs from and suppress wages of struggling American families than anything else over the past three decades. The Pew Hispanic Center established 
in 2009 that American workers lost 7.8 million job opportunities to illegal aliens. A more recent FAIR study esti-mates Americans lost 8.5 million job opportunities to illegal aliens. 
Economic studies reveal that wage 
suppression caused by the surge in cheap, illegal alien labor costs Amer-ican high school graduates an esti-mated $800 per year and America’s low- skilled labor an estimated $2,300 per year in income. But it is not just ille-gal alien labor that undermines Amer-ican opportunity and the American Dream for American citizens. 
America’s generous legal immigra-
tion policy created a second tsunami of legal foreign labor that doubles the economic damage to struggling Amer-ican families. Census Bureau, Home-land Security, and Labor Department data offers a startling and sobering in-sight for Americans in the 16–65 age bracket. 
While the American economy created 
5.6 million net new jobs in the 16–65 age bracket over the past 14 years, Amer-ican-born citizens lost 127,000 net jobs. All net job gains and more went to ille-gal and legal immigrants. While Amer-ican-born citizens lost 127,000 jobs, for-eign-born persons gained 5.7 million jobs. 
Worse yet, when you factor in popu-
lation growth, there were 17 million more Americans in the 16–65 age brack-et not working in 2014 than in 2000. 
Contrary to the propaganda of am-
nesty and open border proponents and their media allies, immigrants gained across the labor market in lower skilled jobs, such as maintenance, con-struction, and food service, and middle skilled jobs, like office support and healthcare support, and higher skilled jobs, including management, com-puters, and healthcare practitioners. 
The propaganda that immigrants 
only do jobs Americans won’t do is not supported by fact. Immigrants gained jobs while Americans lost jobs in each of the following high-paying industries: architecture, engineering, transpor-tation and material moving, office and administrative support. 
Further, American-born citizens of 
all major races lost ground. The per-centage of working African Americans dropped 9.2 percentage points; Hispanic Americans dropped 7.7 percentage points; Caucasian Americans dropped 6.1 percentage points. 
In a dig at Jeb Bush, Clinton added 
that Americans ‘‘don’t need a lecture, they need a raise.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, Hillary Clinton is right. 
America does not need lectures. Amer-ica needs solutions. And the number one job and economic solution for Americans is securing America’s bor-ders and implementing a rational im-migration policy that reflects eco-nomic conditions and protects Amer-ican jobs and American wages for struggling American families. CENTRAL PENNSYLVANIA 
FESTIVAL OF THE ARTS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C
OS-
TELLO of Pennsylvania). The Chair rec-
ognizes the gentleman from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, this past weekend, over 125,000 people flocked to Pennsylvania’s Fifth District to attend the 49th an-nual Central Pennsylvania Festival of the Arts, affectionately known as Arts Fest. 
Every July, people gather in State 
College, Pennsylvania, to enjoy works of art, live music, and great foods. Arts Fest is home to one the Nation’s pre-mier outdoor fine art and craft shows, and hosts over 300 exhibitors. 
Now, these artists, ranging from 
international talent to local artists, display a wide variety of art that fits any and all interests. Live musical per-formances also take place throughout the weekend at a number of venues. 
Arts Fest strives to instill an inter-
est and appreciation of the arts in the area’s youth through performances for young people by young people. 
Mr. Speaker, as co-chairman of the 
Congressional Art Competition, I rise in strong support of the arts, and it is my honor to recognize all the volun-teers and the staff who did such a great job of putting on this year’s Central Pennsylvania Festival of the Arts. 
f 
STOP IRAN DEAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
ESANTIS ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. D ESANTIS. Mr. Speaker, Con-
gress, at this juncture, has one over-riding task, and that is to stop Presi-dent Obama’s capitulation to Iran. Make no mistake, this is less a deal than it is a list of concessions to the world’s leading state sponsor of ter-rorism. And there is a reason why you see smiles on the ayatollahs in Tehran and Javad Zarif in Vienna. 
Congress should stop this deal be-
cause it gives billions of dollars to the Iranian regime, which Iran will use to foment jihad and terrorism throughout the Middle East. Congress should stop this deal because it validates Iran’s en-tire nuclear infrastructure—no disman-tling, not even Iran’s underground nu-clear bunker at Fordo, which has no ra-tional peaceful purpose. 
Indeed, Iran is crossing all of Presi-
dent Obama’s red lines. President Obama had said you could not have Fordo, he said you could not have a plutonium reactor in Iraq. He said you could not have advanced centrifuges because there is no peaceful purpose for any of those, and yet this final deal validates each and every one of those pieces of Iran’s nuclear arsenal. 
Congress should stop this deal be-
cause it removes sanctions from Iran’s Quds force and its commander, Qasem Soleimani, who are responsible for kill-ing hundreds of American soldiers in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.004 H14JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5122 July 14, 2015 
Iraq. And indeed, when I served in Iraq, 
Iran was responsible for killing more Americans than even al Qaeda in Iraq. 
Why reward those with American 
blood on their hands by lifting sanc-tions on them? 
Congress needs to stop this deal be-
cause it stabs our allies in the back, most notably, our trusted ally Israel. Iran threatens to wipe Israel off the map and refers to Israel as a one-bomb country. 
Congress needs to stop this deal be-
cause the inspections are not snap in-spections. Indeed, the inspections de-pend on Iran allowing the inspections, and there is an entire bureaucracy set up so that even if you end up getting approval, Iran will have the ability to remove their offending conduct and conceal it before the inspectors see it. 
The bottom line is that this deal does 
not dismantle Iran’s nuclear infra-structure. The deal empowers Iran. It makes the world less safe by paving Iran’s path to the bomb. 
It is a time for choosing in this 
House. Congress must act swiftly and decisively and reject this capitulation. This deal cannot stand. 
f 
THE PRESIDENT’S FOREIGN 
POLICY SCORECARD 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, the 
President’s foreign policy has been dis-astrous for more than 6 years. If you are keeping score at home on this deal with Iran, feel free to add another major error in the box score, labeled, ‘‘The Failed Obama Doctrine.’’ 
President Obama’s insistence on 
force-feeding a deal with Iran is trou-bling. The unrelenting attempt to boost his legacy has created a gross lack of discernment. The President and his State Department have left a trail of detrimental decisions with deterio-rating relationships throughout the world. 
How can we forget the President’s 
blurred red lines in demanding that Syria’s Assad end his human rights violation? After the President drew his line in the sand, Assad responded with the bombing of hospitals and the use of chemical weapons against his own peo-ple. 
The President has failed to show any 
initiative or strategy and has consist-ently attempted to lead from behind. Meanwhile, of all people, Russia’s Vladimir Putin was the one who inter-vened in this international crisis. 
Speaking of Putin, the President’s 
posture with Putin has been pitiful. 
Of course, it was President Obama 
who mocked Presidential candidate Mitt Romeny’s 1980s concern of Russia being a threat. Maybe it is time Presi-dent Obama revisited Ronald Reagan’s foreign policy of the 1980s. 
Wasn’t it Vice President J
OEBIDEN 
that claimed the President’s work in Iraq would be one of the greatest 
achievements of this administration? 
Syria, Russia, Benghazi, Iraq, ISIS, 
and we are supposed to be excited about a deal with the world’s leader in state-sponsored terrorism. All the while, we have given the cold shoulder to Israel, our greatest ally in the Mid-dle East for generations, as we have lis-tened to, over the weekend, shouts from Iran, ‘‘Death to Israel. Death to America.’’ 
The great majority of Americans had 
hoped that our President would find the strength to increase the sanctions on Iran rather than remove them and surrender control of inspections to Iran. As a Member of Congress, I will stand against any agreement that doesn’t completely strip Iran of all nu-clear capability. 
While we are at it, Mr. President, 
maybe it is time to stop ignoring the imprisonment of Saeed Abedini, Jason Rezaian, Bob Levinson, and Amir Hekmati, our four Americans in Iran. Both the House and the Senate have showed compassion and strength de-manding these Americans return home to their families. Saeed has been held for over 1,000 days while his children plead for his release. 
I agree with the President when he 
exclaimed: ‘‘We should always do ev-erything in our power to bring these Americans home safe.’’ 
Mr. President, it is time to honor the 
commitment you have made to these men, these families, and to all Ameri-cans. 
b1030 
May I close with the words of the 
Prime Minister of Israel in agreeing that this is ‘‘a mistake of historic pro-portion.’’ 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-
bers are reminded to direct their re-marks to the Chair. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF KEN-
TUCKY STATE TROOPER ERIC K. CHRISMAN OF LAWRENCEBURG, KENTUCKY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. B
ARR) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to celebrate the life and to note the re-cent passing of Kentucky State Troop-er Eric K. Chrisman of Lawrenceburg, Kentucky. 
On June 23, Trooper Chrisman was 
killed in the line of duty during a vehi-cle collision while responding to a dis-tress call. Trooper Chrisman was 23 years old and had served on the force for only 6 months. 
The fact that in this year alone 64 
law enforcement officers have already been killed while serving in the line of duty gives great testament to the dan-gers and challenges officers face every single day. 
Inscribed on the National Law En-
forcement Officers Memorial are the words, ‘‘Carved on these walls is the story of America, of a continuing quest 
to preserve both democracy and de-cency, and to protect a national treas-ure that we call the American Dream.’’ 
Trooper Chrisman gave his life while 
striving to preserve democracy and de-cency, and I thank him for his service and his devotion to his community. 
f 
LAW ENFORCEMENT AND FIRST 
RESPONDERS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. L
OUDERMILK ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Speaker, just 
a few weeks ago, in Fulton County, Georgia, officers of the Fulton County Police Department were alerted to shots fired in a neighborhood around 1:30 in the morning. 
The initial call indicated that a man 
was terrorizing citizens by going house to house, banging on doors and firing a weapon. Officers immediately re-sponded and began searching for the gunman. 
About 45 minutes later another call 
was received, reporting gunfire in an-other part of the same neighborhood. Additional officers were dispatched. 
One of the officers responding to the 
second call was Detective Terrence Green, a 22-year veteran of the Fulton County Police force. Upon arriving in the neighborhood, officers could hear shots coming from the direction of one of the homes. 
As Terrence Green and his fellow offi-
cers bravely moved toward the gunfire, they were unknowingly walking into an ambush. 
When the officers were in range, the 
gunman emerged from a concealed po-sition and began firing upon the offi-cers. While running for cover, the offi-cers returned fire, and in the ensuing firefight the gunman was eventually wounded. 
When the officers approached the 
gunman, they discovered that two of their own officers had also been shot during the ambush. All three were rushed to the hospital, where the gun-man was treated for nonlife-threat-ening wounds. 
However, Detective Green had re-
ceived a fatal shot to the head and around 4:30 in the morning succumbed to his injuries, leaving behind four young children. 
In all aspects of the term, Detective 
Green is a hero. He put himself in harm’s way to protect the lives of oth-ers. 
I wish I could stand here today and 
say that what happened to Terrence Green was an isolated incident; but, unfortunately, this scenario plays out much too often in the cities, towns, and boroughs across America. 
But even in the midst of imminent 
danger, officers like Detective Green courageously fulfill their duty to pro-tect and serve the people of this Na-tion. And I am grateful to those men and women who willingly put their lives on the line for us daily. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:56 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.005 H14JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5123 July 14, 2015 
It is the cop walking the streets, the 
officer on patrol, the sergeant on watch, or the deputy responding to a call who are on the front lines in our States, counties, and cities. 
Whether the call is for a crime in 
progress, an automobile accident, or a natural disaster, they are often the first on the scene to render aid, give comfort, or even save a life. 
While they don’t do their job for ac-
colades nor do they expect our contin-uous praise, it is encouraging for some-one to occasionally say thank you. 
But instead of thanking them for 
their dedication to duty, some officials instead publicly criticize our law en-forcement community. This unwar-ranted public criticism not only under-mines the morale of our law enforce-ment officers, but it undermines the public trust in these dedicated serv-ants. 
With a growing number of violent 
protests and riots in our Nation, ten-sions between the police and the public have grown significantly over the past several years. 
But instead of using their positions 
of influence to diffuse the tension, cer-tain officials have stoked the fire, which has rekindled distrust and en-couraged public unrest. 
Careless remarks, such as comparing 
American law enforcement officers to terrorist organizations like ISIS, have placed more officers’ lives at risk and have sparked more anti-law enforce-ment sentiment across our Nation. 
As a result, public bashing of our po-
lice has skyrocketed and now Amer-ican law enforcement officers feel they have been thrown under the bus by the very people that should be supporting them. 
Recently, during a meeting with 
local first responders in my district, I asked if there was something I could do to help them. 
They asked for me to go back to 
Washington, D.C., and tell our govern-ment officials to please stop under-mining them, to stop publicly criti-cizing them for doing the job they are tasked to do. 
‘‘Please make Washington under-
stand,’’ they said, ‘‘that it is incredibly demoralizing to be putting your life on the line, fighting crime, while those in positions of leadership are making you out to be the criminal.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, as with any organiza-
tion, there are a few in law enforce-ment that haven’t held themselves to the high standards of dedication ex-pected within the law enforcement community, and those who violate the public trust should and most often are removed from their positions to face harsh disciplinary action. 
But just as every elected official in 
Washington, D.C., our peace officers have sworn an oath to uphold and de-fend the Constitution of the United States. 
And while there are some instances 
where officers have strayed off-course, from what I have seen in the short time that I have been here, as a whole, 
law enforcement has a better record of upholding their oaths than some of the elected officials here in Washington. 
Mr. Speaker, our law enforcement of-
ficers deserve our admiration, respect, and appreciation, and today I want to thank them for the work they do for us. 
I want to thank the spouses and the 
families who have endured many sleep-less nights while their loved ones were responding to a call. 
And to the families of those that 
have given their lives in the line of duty, on behalf of a grateful Nation, I thank you for your sacrifice for our safety, security, and freedom. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. 
Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 37 
minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
Lord our God, thank You for giving 
us another day. 
Protect us and guide us as a free peo-
ple who turn to You in faith and prayer and who strive to grow in virtue and integrity. 
Be with the Members of this people’s 
House in all their undertakings today. May the recent celebration of the birth of this Nation 239 years ago renew all hearts in the same spirit that guided the signers of the Declaration of Inde-pendence and the Framers of the Con-stitution. May those goals and aspira-tions still serve to guide every in-formed decision here today and across this Nation. 
Let us, ‘‘the people of the United 
States, in order to form a more perfect Union, establish justice, insure domes-tic tranquility, provide for the common defense, promote the general welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty for ourselves and our posterity.’’ 
May all that is done within the peo-
ple’s House this day be for Your great-er honor and glory. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-
ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentle-
woman from Indiana (Mrs. W
ALORSKI ) 
come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mrs. WALORSKI led the Pledge of 
Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-
tain up to 15 requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
RECOGNIZING PRINCIPAL JAMES 
CONDON OF PLYMOUTH HIGH SCHOOL 
(Mrs. WALORSKI asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Principal James Condon of Plymouth High School for being named the 2015 Principal of the Year. His success in providing high- quality learning opportunities for stu-dents in Plymouth is nothing short of remarkable. 
Principal Condon’s leadership has 
been instrumental in the development of digital and project-based learning, creation of dual credit courses, and preparation of students for the job market. As a result of his leadership, Hoosier classrooms are full of future doctors, scientists, and entrepreneurs. 
His success reminds us of how impor-
tant educators are to kids everywhere. Every one of us depends on our teach-ers, and because of that, they deserve our support and our appreciation. 
Principal Condon has helped spark 
imagination and give young Hoosiers the ability to make their dreams be-come a reality. Today I thank Prin-cipal Condon for helping students in Plymouth develop their talents and be-come our future leaders. 
f 
CONTINUED INACTION ON THE 
HIGHWAY TRUST FUND AND RE-AUTHORIZATION OF OUR SUR-FACE TRANSPORTATION PRO-GRAMS 
(Ms. ESTY asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, exactly 2 
months ago, I came to the floor to speak out against this House’s reckless inaction on the highway trust fund, needlessly endangering hundreds of thousands of good-paying jobs. Yet here we are again, with only 10 legisla-tive days left before the highway trust 
fund runs out of money. Mr. Speaker, this is harmful and it is wrong. 
According to the American Society 
of Civil Engineers, 73 percent of Con-necticut’s roads are in poor or medi-ocre condition. These poor road condi-tions cost the average Connecticut 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:56 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.006 H14JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5124 July 14, 2015 
driver $628 in otherwise unnecessary re-
pairs and expenses every year. Thirty- five percent of Connecticut’s bridges are structurally deficient, functionally obsolete, or both. 
A great nation does not respond to 
crises with duct tape. A great nation leads with bold action. I urge the lead-ership of the House to work with us to pass a long-term highway bill and in-vest in America’s infrastructure. 
f 
SUPPORT OUR PUBLIC LIBRARIES 
(Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, as students across Pennsylva-nia’s Sixth Congressional District and the rest of the country enjoy the sum-mer months, many are looking for ac-tivities to participate in to occupy their days. 
I wanted to highlight the value of 
public libraries and, specifically, an ex-ceptional program in my district that empowers, inspires, and supports per-formance arts. 
The Tredyffrin Public Library is of-
fering a series of camps that seek to ‘‘cultivate performance arts skills and instill confidence in students in rising fifth through rising ninth grades.’’ 
The vocal and musical theater camps 
are led by Conestoga High School grad-uates and serve as a wonderful resource for area students to improve theatrical and music skills over the summer vaca-tion. 
It has long been proven that students 
that participate in the arts have im-proved academic performance and a strong sense of community. I applaud the Tredyffrin and Paoli Public Librar-ies across Pennsylvania’s Sixth Dis-trict in their efforts to promote life-long learning, entertainment, and en-richment. 
Our public libraries are local treas-
ures that add value and promote learn-ing in our communities. I encourage everyone to share this support this summer and year-round by attending our libraries, by supporting those who work there and offering our thanks to those who volunteer there. 
f 
SUPPORTING A LONG-TERM SOLU-
TION FOR THE HIGHWAY TRUST FUND 
(Ms. HAHN asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. HAHN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
highlight America’s infrastructure cri-sis. 
Almost 30 percent of our Nation’s 
major roadways, and 50 percent in Cali-fornia, are in poor condition, meaning they must be rebuilt, not just patched up. 
Drivers are now paying a hidden pot-
hole tax, the extra cost to maintain a car because of bad roads. In California, the average driver pays $760 because of poor roads. People and goods are 
slowed down by congestion. 
In just 10 legislative days, our high-
way trust fund expires. Congress must pass a long-term surface transpor-tation bill to ensure that the United States has the best infrastructure. 
In May, this Congress kicked the can 
down the road and passed a short-term bill. It seems we are likely to do that again. This is not a responsible way to govern. 
We should invest in our transpor-
tation system to be globally competi-tive and to move these goods effi-ciently. Drivers want less time stuck in traffic and more time at home with their families. Let’s invest in Amer-ica’s future and pass a long-term sur-face transportation bill. 
f 
IRAN—WOLF IN WOLF’S CLOTHING 
(Mr. POE of Texas asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, while 
the Ayatollah has preached ‘‘Death to America,’’ the United States and the West have made a deal with the deceit-ful wolf of the desert. 
Iran promises to temporarily cut 
back and not continue its nuclear weapon development capability. Then Iran will receive sanction relief. It will be able to export oil and receive bil-lions of dollars in cash. 
In 5 years, the embargo on most con-
ventional weapons against Iran will be lifted. In 8 years, Iran will be able to import ICBMs. In 10 years, the deal ex-pires and Iran can develop nuclear weapons, thus legitimizing the number one state sponsor of terrorism and al-lowing it to be a nuclear weapons power. 
This is dangerous. This will start a 
nuclear arms race. Israel will be less safe. So will America. 
In theory, this deal is supposed to 
give us ‘‘peace in our time,’’ to coin a phrase. But Iran is a wolf in wolf’s clothing, and the wolf has made a deal with the sheep not to eat them for 10 years. Then what? Supper? 
And that is just the way it is. 
f 
ARROWS AND AN OLIVE BRANCH 
(Mr. DOGGETT asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, in the 
Great Seal of the United States, the eagle clutches arrows and an olive branch. While today’s Iran agreement puts the olive branch out first, the ar-rows remain firmly in our grasp. 
The safety of all our families in the 
United States, in Israel, and elsewhere, is advanced by pursuing a verifiable, enforceable, diplomatic solution. Re-fusing to be frozen by fear or pushed into conflict by those who are just campaigning or who are campaigning for war, the President recognizes diplo-macy as our greatest strength. So many of those who loudly re-
nounced this deal before they have even read it also loudly supported the stunning historic mistake of a go-it- alone invasion of Iraq. 
No choice is without risk, but strong 
inspections and verification are the best path to peace and security for all of our families. 
f 
A BAD DEAL FOR THE UNITED 
STATES AND OUR ALLIES 
(Mr. DOLD asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, far from 
backing Iran’s path to a nuclear weap-on, the inherently flawed deal an-nounced this morning preserves and le-gitimizes Iran’s nuclear program. The fact that Iran is celebrating and that our allies are not should tell you every-thing that you need to know about this deal. 
I have read the deal. I have it right 
here. 
I believe that it will usher in a terri-
fying new era of proliferation in which neighboring nations feel no choice but to build nuclear programs of their own, while the massive sanctions relief in the deal will provide Iran with hun-dreds of billions of dollars in new funds to foment terrorism around the globe and prop up its proxies, like Assad in Syria and Hamas, to launch brutal at-tacks on Israel. 
The measure of success and diplo-
macy is not simply whether agreement is reached; it is whether a good agree-ment is achieved. Unfortunately, the administration arrived at this deal through a parade of concessions on poor issues and by straying far from the insistence that Iran’s nuclear pro-gram be dismantled. The world is a more dangerous place today with this, as a result. 
Mr. Speaker, Congress can and must 
step forward, do the right thing, and reject this deal. 
f 
WE NEED A LONG-TERM HIGHWAY 
BILL 
(Mrs. BUSTOS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
urge my colleagues to take up and pass a long-overdue bill to fund our roads and bridges for the long term. Yet again, we are approaching the end of a short-term extension with the highway trust fund in danger of expiring at the end of this month. We can’t keep kick-ing the can down the road. We need a long-term bill, and we need it now. 
In my congressional district alone, 
there are 421 bridges that are struc-turally deficient. Just earlier this month, I stood alongside the Murray Baker Bridge in Peoria that runs over the Illinois River, the heart of my dis-trict. Its structure is in need of re-placement. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:56 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.008 H14JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5125 July 14, 2015 
Further northwest, where I live, 
there is the Interstate 74 Bridge. Just over the weekend, I stood alongside it. It spans the Mississippi River. It was built for traffic of about 40,000 cars. Today it accommodates about twice that many. In fact, former Secretary of Transportation Ray LaHood stood alongside that bridge and said it is the worst bridge he has seen in the United States of America. 
The families I represent deserve bet-
ter. The businesses I represent deserve better. We need to pass a bill, a long- term highway bill, and we need to pass it now. 
f 
b1215 
IRAN DEAL 
(Mr. BABIN asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
talk about this Iran deal. President Obama has made a deal with Islamic Republic of Iran, a terrorist regime that regularly leads chants of ‘‘Death to America,’’ burns our flag, and has killed hundreds of American soldiers. 
In April, Energy Secretary Moniz 
said inspectors would have ‘‘anywhere, anytime access’’ to Iran’s civil and military sites. Unfortunately, this deal sets forth no such requirement. 
Under the deal, inspectors can only 
ask for permission to access Iranian military sites, like their fortified un-derground facility in Fordow. Decisions about access will be left to Iran’s lead-ers, who have said that inspectors will not be permitted to inspect military sites even ‘‘in their dreams.’’ 
This deal doesn’t require the release 
of the American hostages being held by Iran’s Government. It has no acknowl-edgement of Israel’s right to exist. These provisions would signal that Iran is serious about changing their ways, but they have said no. And that is why Congress should reject this bad deal. 
f 
SAN DIEGO PRIDE MONTH 
(Mrs. DAVIS of California asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speak-
er, June may be LGBT Pride month. Back home in San Diego we continue to celebrate well into July, and we sure have something to be proud of this year. 
The Supreme Court finally affirmed 
what all of us know to be true, that love is love, that equality is for every-one, and that discrimination against one is discrimination against all. 
Without knowing the outcome of the 
Supreme Court decision, but knowing that all are created equal, San Diego Pride appropriately chose this year’s theme as ‘‘Liberty and Justice for All.’’ As we continue to push toward that goal, we can’t forget that there is more to be done. 
LGBT individuals still do not have 
workplace or housing protections in many States. Many LGBT students 
aren’t protected from bullying in schools, and transgender individuals, in particular, face added obstacles that arise from stigma and ignorance. 
So while we have much to be proud 
of, there is still work for this House to do. Let’s come together to ensure that truly there is liberty and justice for all. 
f 
IRAN NUCLEAR NEGOTIATION 
(Mr. L AMALFA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, from 
the very beginning of the negotiations, President Obama and Secretary Kerry placed far too much faith in the Ira-nian regime. Trusting Iran to adhere to the terms of this agreement is a fool’s errand. 
This deal allows Iran to continue re-
search on advanced nuclear tech-nologies. Over the course of the deal, the temporary restrictions on Iran’s nuclear weapons program will wind down. President Obama admitted him-self that toward the end of the agree-ment Iran’s nuclear breakout time could shrink almost down to zero. 
Meanwhile, Iran will receive sanction 
relief, a boon of $100 billion in frozen assets, at the same time while chant-ing ‘‘death to America’’ and ‘‘death to Israel.’’ 
The agreement lifts an arms embargo 
of conventional weapons in 5 years, and they will even achieve the ability to have intercontinental ballistic missiles in 8 years, meaning Iran will have even more money and more weapons to con-tinue to destabilize Iraq, Syria, and its neighbors in the Mideast and, with the advent of ICBMs, even the United States of America. 
Congress now has 60 days to review 
this plan and see if there is something good in it or not, but we need to be very cautious. Just to take any deal is not a good deal. So it is time that we be tough with Iran. 
f 
CUTTING OFF YOUR NOSE TO 
SPITE YOUR FACE 
(Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York asked and was given permis-sion to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY. Mr. 
Speaker, as of the first day of this month, thousands of American export-ers, big and small, were unilaterally disarmed in the battle for new business overseas. 
The conservative Members of this 
body succeeded in their quest to kill the U.S. Export-Import Bank. They did it. The Ex-Im’s charter has expired. 
Now there is only the Export-Import 
Bank of China, the Export Finance and Insurance Corporation of Australia, the Export Development of Canada, Finn-ish Export Credit, Hungarian Export Credit Insurance, the Israel Export In-surance Corporation, the Japan Bank for International Cooperation, the Ex-
port-Import Bank of Korea, the Nor-wegian Guarantee Institute for Export Credits, the Export Credit Bank of Tur-key, and about 75 other foreign govern-ment-run agencies that are all helping businesses, big and small, in their quest to export and create jobs in their countries. 
American companies alone find 
themselves at a distinct disadvantage. Our colleagues have successfully cut off their nose to spite their face. 
It is never too late to fix a mistake. 
Let this Chamber vote on renewing the Export-Import charter and create more American jobs. 
f 
IRAN, STATE SPONSOR OF 
TERROR 
(Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, 
let’s not forget the kind of regime that exists in Iran, a country that will soon be receiving billions of dollars in sanc-tions relief. 
Look at this poster. Friday was Al 
Quds Day in Iran. And what were they all doing? Officially sanctioned parade, shouting ‘‘death to America’’ and ‘‘death to Israel.’’ 
Iran has been labeled as a U.S.-des-
ignated state sponsor of terrorism for over three decades now. Yet, just yes-terday the White House spokesman couldn’t even confirm that Iran would remain on the terrorism list after this deal. 
How hard a question is it to answer, 
Mr. Speaker? Will the administration’s next concession to Iran be to remove it from the terrorism list in addition to the billions of dollars in sanctions re-lief? 
Doing so would mean that we will be 
helping to finance Iran’s support for terror, most of it aimed at us and our ally, the democratic Jewish State of Israel. 
Look at this poster, Mr. Speaker, 
where the Supreme Leader says, ‘‘No cure for barbaric Israel, but total anni-hilation.’’ 
Doing so would be a problem of seri-
ous consequences to the United States. Let’s get a better, tougher deal. We de-serve better. 
f 
GI BILL STEM EXTENSION ACT 
(Ms. TITUS asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, we all agree 
that we should provide veterans the tools they need to successfully transi-tion from Active Duty to civilian life. Yet, far too many servicemen and -women are struggling to provide for themselves and their families once they return home. We can and must do better. 
That is why I am proud to partner 
with my Republican colleague, D
AVID 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:56 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.009 H14JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5126 July 14, 2015 
MCKINLEY , in sponsoring legislation to 
provide resources to help our veterans pursue higher education and gain the skills and training they need to suc-ceed in STEM careers. 
The ability to analyze, communicate, 
and motivate, honed while in the mili-tary, makes veterans ideal candidates for the STEM fields. And with growth and demand for STEM experts expected to outpace other professions in the next two decades, this legislation will help meet the need for a highly skilled workforce, enabling us to better com-pete in the global economy while also creating new employment opportuni-ties for our Nation’s heroes. 
So I urge my colleagues to join Mr. 
M
CKINLEY and me in supporting the GI 
Bill STEM Extension Act. 
f 
‘‘WE THE PEOPLE’’ INITIATIVE 
(Mr. GUINTA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to urge participation in my new initiative, ‘‘We the People.’’ 
Imagine a Congress that functions ef-
fectively. Imagine a Congress that hears from you daily and, as a result, devises legislation and legislative solu-tions based on your individual needs and from your own experiences. This is my view of an effective government, and it is why I have launched the ‘‘We the People’’ initiative this week. 
Because of your ideas and your feed-
back, we have been able to pass two pieces of legislation this year. Let’s continue to build on that success and continue to make Washington work for the Granite State. 
I know we have much left to accom-
plish. So I want to hear from you. From now on, my office will be acces-sible 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. You can email me directly your legislative solutions and ideas to wethepeople@mail.house.gov or you can call me or text me directly at 603– 250–6850. 
From your suggestions, I will better 
be able to tailor legislation to meet your needs. My office remains yours. So please spread the word about the ‘‘We the People’’ initiative. 
f 
U.S. MUST CONSIDER ITS ISLAND 
TERRITORIES 
(Ms. PLASKETT asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, sev-
eral weeks ago the President an-nounced resumption of diplomatic rela-tions with Cuba. 
While we celebrate the implications 
of a renewed relationship both for Cuban and American citizens, the citi-zens of my own home district do so with guarded welcome. 
Mr. Speaker, the U.S. territories of 
the Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico and our geographic proximity to Cuba 
makes us a direct economic compet-itor. All indicators point to massive 
growth in Cuba’s tourism industry. 
While the U.S. Virgin Islands con-
tinues to be a premier tourist destina-tion particularly for Americans, with more than 2.7 million tourists in 2014 alone, Cuba is shaping to be a formi-dable competitor. 
Prior to resumption of relations, a 
report from the Caribbean Tourism Or-ganization showed just over 3 million visitors to Cuba in 2014 compared to 2.7 for the Virgin Islands and 3 million in Puerto Rico. 
However, in the first quarter of 2015, 
the Cuban Government has already re-ported more than 1.4 million tourist visits, a number that more than dou-bles the amount reported for the Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico during this same time. 
Mr. Speaker, the United States must 
consider its own island territories of the U.S. Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico in the advancement of diplomatic relations with Cuba. Investments must come to the U.S. Virgin Islands. 
I wish all of our French citizens a 
happy Bastille Day. 
f 
HELPING BUREAU OF INDIAN 
EDUCATION SCHOOLS 
(Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, we 
should always strive as a country to make sure that the promises we make are kept. Unfortunately, when it comes to the students at our Bureau of Indian Education schools, our promise to them is falling far short. 
Students at these schools in Min-
nesota and around the country have endured deplorable conditions, includ-ing leaking roofs, schools with no heat, and other problems that make it dif-ficult, if not impossible, to learn. 
However, momentum is gaining to 
right this wrong. Some of us in the Minnesota delegation, including my colleagues J
OHN KLINE and B ETTY  
MCCOLLUM , have highlighted the need 
for critical repairs and construction for these schools. 
The issue is not just financial, 
though. Washington, including the ex-ecutive branch, needs to ensure that red tape is not keeping these students from getting an acceptable learning en-vironment. 
Mr. Speaker, it is time for us to take 
action and focus on making sure that these students have a safe school set-ting where they can learn, grow, and excel. 
f 
NEVADA FAA 2015 WORLD CHAM-
PION LIVESTOCK JUDGING TEAM 
(Mrs. HARTZLER asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to give honor to Payton Dahmer, Kaylee Farmer, Cara Comstock, and 
Skyler Scotten for earning the title of the 2015 World Championship FFA Livestock Judging Team. 
These members of the Nevada FAA 
chapter, along with their coach, Tanya St. John, practiced for countless hours, traveling all across the State and Na-tion to evaluate the quality of classes of cattle, swine, sheep, and goats as well as demonstrate the reasoning be-hind their placements in the oral pres-entation. 
At the national competition, the 
team placed first overall, with all four competitors placing in the top ten indi-vidually. Winning nationals qualified them for the International Livestock Judging Competition in Scotland, where they again placed first in the team judging event. 
While it was a long and challenging 
journey to earn this title, I would like to commend the 2015 World Champion FFA Livestock Judging Team for their dedication, perseverance, and poise they displayed in this competition. I am proud of how they represented themselves, their families, and our country. 
I want to congratulate Payton, 
Kaylee, Cara, and Skyler for this amaz-ing achievement. You are the future agriculture leaders this country needs. 
f 
b1230 
WESTERN WATER AND AMERICAN 
FOOD SECURITY ACT OF 2015 
(Mr. DENHAM asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to talk about California’s water crisis. Later this week, we will be de-bating a bill, the Western Water and American Food Security Act of 2015, which was born out of many conversa-tions with the Senate and with the ad-ministration. 
Over the years, we have discussed 
how dry California is. Now, we can’t prevent Mother Nature from creating a drought, but we can plan and store water for those dry years. It has hap-pened for centuries. The problem is it just hasn’t been happening in the last several decades in California, which means over 1 million acres of farmland will go fallow. 
Mr. Speaker, this is not just a Cali-
fornia issue. This is an issue that will affect the entire United States food supply. We need to make sure we are capturing water. 
While Members want to continue to 
debate climate change, shouldn’t we all agree that hydroelectricity, the clean-est electricity out there, is good for our environment? The trees that I grow as an almond farmer are good for the environment. If you want to reduce carbon, let’s plant more trees. 
If we want to have safety and secu-
rity in our communities that have forestland, then shouldn’t we clear the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:56 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.011 H14JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5127 July 14, 2015 
brush and make sure that we don’t 
have a fuel supply again, creating a better environment with a healthy for-est? 
There are things that we should do to 
create a healthy California and a healthy country. This water bill is one of those solutions. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
FARENTHOLD ). Pursuant to clause 8 of 
rule XX, the Chair will postpone fur-ther proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. 
Record votes on postponed questions 
will be taken later today. 
f 
BREAST CANCER AWARENESS 
COMMEMORATIVE COIN ACT 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2722) to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in rec-ognition of the fight against breast cancer, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2722 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Breast Can-
cer Awareness Commemorative Coin Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
The Congress finds the following: (1) Breast cancer is the most common can-
cer among American women, except for skin cancers. Today, about 1 in 8, or 12 percent of, women in the United States will develop invasive breast cancer during their lifetime. This is an increase from 1 in 11, or 9 percent of, women in 1975. 
(2) Breast cancer is the second leading 
cause of cancer death in women. The chance of dying from breast cancer is about 1 in 36. Thanks to earlier detection, increased awareness, and improved treatment, death rates from breast cancer have decreased since about 1989. 
(3) There is a strong interest among the 
American public to do more to tackle this disease. The National Cancer Institute esti-mates $16.5 billion is spent in the United States each year on breast cancer treatment. Assuming that incidence and survival rates follow recent trends, it is estimated that $17.2 billion will be spent on breast cancer care in the United States in 2014. 
(4) Finding a cure for breast cancer is a 
goal of the United States Government. 
(5) The National Institutes of Health dedi-
cated an estimated $674 million for breast cancer research in Fiscal Year 2014. In Fiscal Year 2014, the Department of Defense’s Breast Cancer Research Program received $120 million. 
(6) While the National Institutes of Health 
and the Department of Defense program on Breast Cancer research remain the largest funders of breast cancer research in the United States, in 2013, the National Cancer Institute funding was reduced by nearly $66 million since 2011. The funding level for the Department of Defense Breast Cancer Re-search Program has remained consistent 
since 2012, however this amount represents a 20-percent decrease from 2011 funding levels. 
(7) Additional private sector support for 
breast cancer research will help us find cures for breast cancer even faster. 
(8) It is estimated that in the United 
States 231,840 women will be diagnosed with and 40,290 women will die of cancer of the breast in 2015. This means that every 13 min-utes a woman dies of breast cancer in the United States. 
(9) However, due to disease type and lack 
of adequate care, African-American women have the highest death rates of all racial and ethnic groups overall and are at least 44 per-cent more likely to die of breast cancer as compared to other racial and ethnic groups. 
(10) Breast cancer used to be considered a 
disease of aging but recent trends show that more aggressive forms of the disease have been increasingly diagnosed in younger women. 
(11) Breast cancer is the most frequently 
diagnosed cancer among nearly every racial and ethnic group, including African-Amer-ican, American Indian/Alaska Native, Asian/ Pacific Islander and Hispanic/Latina women. 
(12) Clinical advances, resulting from re-
search, have led to increased survival from breast cancer. Since 1990, death rates from breast cancer have dropped over 34 percent. 
(13) Among men in the United States it is 
estimated that there will be 2,350 new cases of invasive breast cancer and 440 breast can-cer deaths in 2015. 
(14) At this time there are more than 3.1 
million breast cancer survivors in the United States. 
(15) It is estimated that breast cancer costs 
$12.5 billion in lost productivity. Such pro-ductivity losses will increase with projected growth rate and aging of the U.S. population if cancer mortality rates stay constant in the future. 
(16) There is a better chance of survival 
and there are more treatment options with early stage detection through mammograms and clinical breast exams. 
(17) Breast cancer is the most common can-
cer in women worldwide, with an estimated 1.7 million new cases of breast cancer among women worldwide in 2012. 
(18) Breast Cancer Research Foundation 
(BCRF) is considered one of the most effi-cient cancer research charities. 
(19) Of every dollar donated to BCRF, $0.91 
goes to research and awareness programs—88 cents towards research and 3 cents towards awareness. 
(20) Founded in 1993, the BCRF has raised 
more than $500 million to fuel discoveries in tumor biology, genetics, prevention, treat-ment, survivorship and metastasis, making BCRF one of the largest private funders of breast cancer research in the world. For 2014–2015, BCRF committed $58.6 million in research, including $11.6 million to the inter-national Evelyn H. Lauder Founder’s Fund focused on metastasis, to support the work of more than 220 researchers at leading med-ical institutions across six continents (25 states and 14 countries). 
(21) Susan G. Komen (Komen) is the largest 
non-government funder of breast cancer re-search, funding research that spans the breast cancer continuum from basic biology to treatment to survivorship. 
(22) Over the past 5 years, more than 80 
cents of every dollar spent by Komen has gone directly to its mission to save lives and end breast cancer by empowering people, en-suring quality care for all and energizing science to find the cures. 
(23) Since its inception in 1982, Komen has 
invested more than $2.6 billion towards its mission, including more than $847 million in over 2400 research grants and 450 clinical trials in 48 states and 21 different countries. 
Recent funding has focused on research to stem metastatic and aggressive disease, find scientifically sound preventive strategies, and investigate environmental links to breast cancer development. 
(24) Today, BCRF and Susan G. Komen 
continue their work to advance research and support programs for patients and their fam-ilies. 
SEC. 3. COIN SPECIFICATIONS. 
(a) D ENOMINATIONS .—The Secretary of the 
Treasury (hereafter in this Act referred to as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall mint and issue the following coins: 
(1) $5 
GOLD COINS .—Not more than 50,000 $5 
gold coins, which shall— 
(A) have a diameter of 0.850 inches; and (B) be made of ‘‘pink gold’’ which contains 
not less than 75 percent gold. 
(2) $1 
SILVER COINS .—Not more than 400,000 
$1 coins, which shall— 
(A) weigh 26.73 grams; (B) have a diameter of 1.500 inches; and (C) contain not less than 90 percent silver. (3) H
ALF-DOLLAR CLAD COINS .—Not more 
than 750,000 half-dollar coins which shall— 
(A) weigh 11.34 grams; (B) have a diameter of 1.205 inches; and (C) be minted to the specifications for half- 
dollar coins contained in section 5112(b) of title 31, United States Code. 
(b) L
EGAL TENDER .—The coins minted 
under this Act shall be legal tender, as pro-vided in section 5103 of title 31, United States Code. 
(c) N
UMISMATIC ITEMS .—For purposes of 
sections 5134 and 5136 of title 31, United States Code, all coins minted under this Act shall be considered to be numismatic items. 
SEC. 4. DESIGN OF COINS. 
(a) D ESIGN REQUIREMENTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The design of the coins 
minted under this Act shall be emblematic of the fight against breast cancer. 
(2) D
ESIGNATION AND INSCRIPTIONS .—On 
each coin minted under this Act there shall be— 
(A) a designation of the face value of the 
coin; 
(B) an inscription of the year ‘‘2018’’; and (C) inscriptions of the words ‘‘Liberty’’, 
‘‘In God We Trust’’, ‘‘United States of Amer-ica’’, and ‘‘E Pluribus Unum’’. 
(b) S
ELECTION .—The design for the coins 
minted under this Act shall be selected by the Secretary based on the winning design from a juried, compensated design competi-tion described under subsection (c). 
(c) D
ESIGN COMPETITION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall hold a 
competition and provide compensation for its winner to design the obverse and reverse of the coins minted under this Act. The com-petition shall be judged by an expert jury chaired by the Secretary and consisting of 3 members from the Citizens Coinage Advisory Committee who shall be elected by such Committee and 3 members from the Commis-sion of Fine Arts who shall be elected by such Commission. 
(2) P
ROPOSALS .—As part of the competition 
described in this subsection, the Secretary may accept proposals from artists, engravers of the United States Mint, and members of the general public, and any designs sub-mitted for the design review process de-scribed herein shall be anonymized until a final selection is made. 
(3) A
CCOMPANYING DESIGNS ; PREFERENCE  
FOR PHYSICAL DESIGNS .—The Secretary shall 
encourage 3-dimensional designs to be sub-mitted as part of the proposals, and the jury shall give a preference for proposals that are accompanied by a 3-dimensional physical de-sign instead of, or in addition to, an elec-tronic design. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:56 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.013 H14JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5128 July 14, 2015 
(4) C OMPENSATION .—The Secretary shall de-
termine compensation for the winning design under this subsection, which shall be not less than $5,000. The Secretary shall take into ac-count this compensation amount when deter-mining the sale price described in section 6(a). 
SEC. 5. ISSUANCE OF COINS. 
(a) Q UALITY OF COINS.—Coins minted under 
this Act shall be issued in uncirculated and proof qualities. 
(b) P
ERIOD FOR ISSUANCE .—The Secretary 
may issue coins minted under this Act only during the 1-year period beginning on Janu-ary 1, 2018. 
SEC. 6. SALE OF COINS. 
(a) S ALE PRICE.—The coins issued under 
this Act shall be sold by the Secretary at a price equal to the sum of— 
(1) the face value of the coins; (2) the surcharge provided in section 7(a) 
with respect to the coins; and 
(3) the cost of designing and issuing the 
coins (including labor, materials, dies, use of machinery, overhead expenses, marketing, and shipping). 
(b) B
ULK SALES .—The Secretary shall 
make bulk sales of the coins issued under this Act at a reasonable discount. 
(c) P
REPAID ORDERS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall ac-
cept prepaid orders for the coins minted under this Act before the issuance of such coins. 
(2) D
ISCOUNT .—Sale prices with respect to 
prepaid orders under paragraph (1) shall be at a reasonable discount. 
SEC. 7. SURCHARGES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—All sales of coins issued 
under this Act shall include a surcharge of— 
(1) $35 per coin for the $5 coin; (2) $10 per coin for the $1 coin; and (3) $5 per coin for the half-dollar coin. 
(b) D
ISTRIBUTION .—Subject to section 
5134(f) of title 31, United States Code, all sur-charges which are received by the Secretary from the sale of coins issued under this Act shall be promptly paid by the Secretary as follows: 
(1) 
1⁄2to the Susan G. Komen for the Cure, 
Dallas, Texas, for the purpose of furthering research funded by the organization. 
(2) 
1⁄2to the Breast Cancer Research Foun-
dation, New York, New York, for the purpose of furthering research funded by the Founda-tion. 
(c) A
UDITS .—The surcharge recipients 
under subsection (b) shall be subject to the audit requirements of section 5134(f)(2) of title 31, United States Code, with regard to the amounts received under that subsection. 
(d) L
IMITATIONS .—Notwithstanding sub-
section (a), no surcharge may be included with respect to the issuance under this Act of any coin during a calendar year if, as of the time of such issuance, the issuance of such coin would result in the number of com-memorative coin programs issued during such year to exceed the annual 2 commemo-rative coin program issuance limitation under section 5112(m)(1) of title 31, United States Code (as in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act). The Secretary of the Treasury may issue guidance to carry out this subsection. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. L
UETKEMEYER ) and the 
gentlewoman from California (Ms. M
AXINE WATERS ) each will control 20 
minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Missouri. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in 
which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on the bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Missouri? 
There was no objection. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
ES-
SIONS ), the distinguished chairman of 
the Rules Committee. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I appre-
ciate the gentleman, my dear friend from Missouri, for this opportunity to allow me to speak today. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today with my 
friends and colleagues, including the gentlewoman from New York, Con-gresswoman C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY , in 
support of H.R. 2722, the Breast Cancer Awareness Commemorative Coin Act. 
This bipartisan legislation supports 
research only and awareness with a new $1 gold minted coin, proceeds of which will benefit breast cancer re-search. 
Mr. Speaker, breast cancer research 
is one of the most important pieces of research that the Federal Government and other organizations perform on be-half of the American people and people all around the world. This is going to allow, for the first time ever, for these congressionally approved coins to be minted in pink gold in honor of the fight against breast cancer. 
Mr. Speaker, today, I wear this pin of 
the breast cancer fight. I applaud orga-nizations all across the country that are not only trying to make progress in this issue, but are making sure that awareness about breast cancer and ac-tual research to eliminate this deadly disease, that progress is being made. That is what the funds would do from private contributions of individuals all around the United States. 
There will be approximately 231,840 
cases—new cases—of breast cancer among women and 2,350 new cases of breast cancer in men this year alone. That means that every 13 minutes, a woman will die of breast cancer in the United States, making breast cancer the second leading cause of death in women in the United States. 
I think it is important that we un-
derstand what we are trying to accom-plish with this coin and this act today. The bottom line is that the United States Congress allows several organi-zations each year to be able to mint coins on behalf of highlighting the services that they offer to the Amer-ican people. 
It comes at no cost to the taxpayers 
of this country. As a matter of fact, the Treasury makes a small amount of money as a result of their doing the work. 
Mr. Speaker, what will happen is 
that through this legislation today— that is very intricate and well under-stood—no money outside of any money that is brought to bear would be for anything other than breast cancer re-search. I am aware of the sensitivity of 
taxpayer money and how that might be used, but no taxpayer money would be used for this effort today. 
I want to recognize not only the peo-
ple in breast cancer research, but also many of the survivors all across this country who are recognizing that the awareness and highlighting this project and the money that would be brought to bear of how important that is. 
I would say to my colleagues today 
that breast cancer research cannot be done entirely through taxpayer money. We are counting on outside money. This is allowing the American people to buy coins, just as we did when I han-dled the Boy Scout coin with the 100th anniversary of the Boy Scouts several years ago. People who were part of the Boy Scouts of America paid money in, and it helped us to sell the coin and to celebrate the 100th anniversary of the Boy Scouts. 
That is exactly what this coin would 
do also. It would be money from citi-zens all across this country that would highlight breast cancer awareness and the research dollars that would come as a result of that. That is why we are here today, the incredible medical re-search that is improving the lives of those who are diagnosed and under-going treatment for breast cancer. 
Mr. Speaker, I believe this is the 
right thing to do for breast cancer re-search, and I want to thank my col-league, C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY , who has 
been doing this bill, not only for the hard work necessary to get 290 Mem-bers of Congress to say we want to vote on this bill, but also the awareness that, if we will join ranks with millions of people who are back home in our congressional districts who want to see breast cancer be solved in our lifetime, that it means that it would be all of us across this country. 
I want to thank the gentleman who is 
handling this on behalf of the Finan-cial Services Committee, the gen-tleman from Missouri, for his great work. I think that this is an over-whelmingly bipartisan bill where the money will go 100 percent for research, not a dime of taxpayer dollars, and it is a well-understood process that is in the best interests of cancer research for our country. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the 
gentleman. 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I 
reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in 
favor of H.R. 2722, introduced by my distinguished colleague on the Finan-cial Services Committee, Representa-tive C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY , the ranking 
member of the Financial Services Sub-committee on Capital Markets and Government Sponsored Enterprises. 
I commend the gentlewoman for in-
troducing the bill before us today, the Breast Cancer Awareness Commemora-tive Coin Act, which provides a chance 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:56 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY7.002 H14JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5129 July 14, 2015 
for all of us to come together to raise 
awareness about this critical health issue that impacts the lives of so many women and families. 
Mr. Speaker, the statistics are star-
tling. Approximately one in eight women in the United States will de-velop invasive breast cancer during her lifetime; and many of these women, ap-proximately 1 in 36, will lose their lives 
from this horrible disease. 
This means that every 13 minutes, a 
woman in this country will die from breast cancer. That is 40,290 women in the United States are expected to die from breast cancer in 2015 alone. 
b1245 
While this disease affects women in 
every community across this country for a variety of reasons, such as the lack of adequate care, the likelihood of dying from the disease is particularly high for African American women. In fact, African American women had a 44 percent higher rate of breast cancer mortality than White women. That is why the conversation we are having here today is so important. 
With increased awareness, early de-
tection, new research, and better medi-cine, we can save lives, thousands of them each year. If consideration of the bill before us today causes at least one woman to get screened for breast can-cer, we will be better off for it. 
I urge my colleagues to support the 
bill before us today, which will help raise awareness and modest sums for the fight against breast cancer. 
Again, I urge adoption of the bill, and 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I 
reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY ), 
the author of this legislation. 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend and colleague from the great State of California for yielding me the time and for her leadership in so many important areas before this body. 
Mr. Speaker, I am very, very proud 
to rise today to urge the passage of H.R. 2722, the Breast Cancer Awareness Commemorative Coin Act, a bill that I authored with my good friend and col-league, Congressman P
ETE SESSIONS  
from Texas. I also want to add my thanks to Chairman H
ENSARLING , 
Ranking Member M AXINE WATERS of 
the Financial Services Committee, and the House leadership for bringing this bill so quickly to the floor. 
And a very special thank-you to my 
partner in this effort, Congressman S
ESSIONS , who has worked with great 
commitment and, I would say, cre-ativity in bringing this bill forward and has selflessly worked to have it passed in this body. With his leader-ship, we were able to secure over 307 cosponsors supporting the passage of this bill in writing. 
What we are doing together with this 
bill is we are going to save American lives. I am absolutely delighted that 
Senator H
EIDI HEITKAMP from North 
Dakota, who is, herself, a breast cancer survivor, has pledged to put 100 percent of her effort to making sure that the passage of this bill happens in the United States Senate. 
In the United States, over 200,000 new 
cases of breast cancer will be diagnosed this year, and more than 40,000 women will die. Breast cancer is the second leading cause of cancer death in women, and over 2,000 men will be diag-nosed. Many people think that it is a woman’s disease, but there will be, on average, over 400 men a year who will die from breast cancer. There is only one thing, and one thing only, that can possibly save these lives, and that is research. 
The Breast Cancer Commemorative 
Coin Act will create the opportunity to raise millions of dollars for badly need-ed breast cancer research without spending one taxpayer dime. Money buys research, and research saves lives. Make no mistake, there have been sig-nificant advances in medical research and better detection efforts over the years. But 40,000 women are still dying every year, and so much more needs to be done. 
I suspect that absolutely everyone in 
this body and everyone who is listening who hears my voice today knows some-one that they love, some woman they admire, some family member that they care for who has been touched by the shadow of breast cancer. Through this bill, we offer them hope. 
Our bill directs the U.S. Mint to cre-
ate up to 50,000 $5 gold coins, 400,000 sil-ver dollars, and 750,000 clad commemo-rative coins and make them available for purchase by the public throughout 2018 so that the American public can be involved with their dollars themselves making a decision to support breast cancer research. 
These coins will feature designs sub-
mitted and judged through a national art competition that will symbolize the fight against this terrible disease. The gold coin will be unique, made out of the beautiful, highly-prized pink gold to reflect the pink ribbon, an inter-national symbol of breast cancer awareness. Like the ribbon, we hope that Americans across this Nation will be wearing the pink gold coin. 
Actually, Mr. Speaker, there has 
never been a pink gold commemorative coin made like this in U.S. history. This will be another congressional first. 
This bill is a creative way to raise 
awareness about breast cancer entirely from private funds for critically needed research that is necessary to find a cure. The proceeds will be split be-tween two outstanding organizations: the Breast Cancer Research Founda-tion and Susan G. Komen. Over the years, the Breast Cancer Research Foundation and Komen each have raised hundreds of millions of dollars for breast cancer research across this Nation. I am privileged to represent the 
Breast Cancer Research Foundation and appreciate the constant support and effort from its founder, Evelyn Lauder, who has passed but created this wonderful organization, and Myra Biblowit, president of the Breast Can-cer Research Foundation. The Re-search Foundation has been responsible for many of the cures that have come forward and breakthroughs. 
There are 3.1 million Americans alive 
today because of cures that have been financed by the Breast Cancer Re-search Foundation and Komen. Both organizations have low administrative cost rates so that the majority of every dollar received goes directly to re-search. For instance, for every dollar donated to the Breast Cancer Research Foundation, 91 cents goes directly to research, and that is incredibly impor-tant. 
The bill requires that every dollar 
generated through the coin program must also be matched by private fund-raising dollars that are raised by these two organizations. The coin program has the potential to raise millions of dollars to save lives—and at absolutely no cost to the American taxpayer. It can raise as much as $8 million. The money will buy research, and the re-search will save lives. When so many lives are on the line, every dollar counts, every dollar matters. 
I thank my colleagues, particularly 
my partner in this effort, Congressman S
ESSIONS , for their support, and I urge 
their continued bipartisan support in passing the Breast Cancer Commemo-rative Coin Act. 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I 
reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Just to reiterate, the gentleman from 
Texas and the fine ladies from New York and California have really done a good job of explaining this bill. The im-portance of this, the fact that we are going to try and go after one of the Na-tion’s leading killers, a disease that has claimed many lives, I think it is important to show that the bipartisan support here and the well wishes and good intentions of the group are some-thing where it is nice to see something like this happen in Congress. 
I urge support of the bill, and I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. L
UETKEMEYER ) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2722, as amended. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. AMASH. Mr. Speaker, on that I 
demand the yeas and nays. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:56 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.014 H14JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5130 July 14, 2015 
The yeas and nays were ordered. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
HOMES FOR HEROES ACT OF 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 251) to transfer the position of Special Assistant for Veterans Af-fairs in the Department of Housing and Urban Development to the Office of the Secretary, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 251 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Homes for 
Heroes Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. SPECIAL ASSISTANT FOR VETERANS AF-
FAIRS IN THE DEPARTMENT OF HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOP-MENT. 
(a) T RANSFER OF POSITION TO OFFICE OF THE  
SECRETARY .—Section 4 of the Department of 
Housing and Urban Development Act (42 U.S.C. 3533) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(h) S
PECIAL ASSISTANT FOR VETERANS AF-
FAIRS .— 
‘‘(1) P OSITION .—There shall be in the Office 
of the Secretary a Special Assistant for Vet-erans Affairs, who shall report directly to the Secretary. 
‘‘(2) A
PPOINTMENT .—The Special Assistant 
for Veterans Affairs shall be appointed based solely on merit and shall be covered under the provisions of title 5, United States Code, governing appointments in the competitive service. 
‘‘(3) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The Special Assist-
ant for Veterans Affairs shall be responsible for— 
‘‘(A) ensuring veterans have fair access to 
housing and homeless assistance under each program of the Department providing either such assistance; 
‘‘(B) coordinating all programs and activi-
ties of the Department relating to veterans; 
‘‘(C) serving as a liaison for the Depart-
ment with the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, including establishing and maintaining relationships with the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; 
‘‘(D) serving as a liaison for the Depart-
ment, and establishing and maintaining rela-tionships with the United States Interagency Council on Homelessness and officials of State, local, regional, and nongovernmental organizations concerned with veterans; 
‘‘(E) providing information and advice re-
garding— 
‘‘(i) sponsoring housing projects for vet-
erans assisted under programs administered by the Department; or 
‘‘(ii) assisting veterans in obtaining hous-
ing or homeless assistance under programs administered by the Department; 
‘‘(F) coordinating with the Secretary of 
Housing and Urban Development and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs in carrying out section 3 of the Homes for Heroes Act of 2015; and 
‘‘(G) carrying out such other duties as may 
be assigned to the Special Assistant by the Secretary or by law.’’. 
(b) T
RANSFER OF POSITION IN OFFICE OF  
DEPUTY ASSISTANT SECRETARY FOR SPECIAL  
NEEDS .—On the date that the initial Special 
Assistant for Veterans Affairs is appointed pursuant to section 4(h)(2) of the Department 
of Housing and Urban Development Act, as added by subsection (a) of this section, the position of Special Assistant for Veterans Programs in the Office of the Deputy Assist-ant Secretary for Special Needs of the De-partment of Housing and Urban Development shall be terminated. 
SEC. 3. ANNUAL SUPPLEMENTAL REPORT ON 
VETERANS HOMELESSNESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Housing 
and Urban Development and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, in coordination with the United States Interagency Council on Home-lessness, shall submit annually to the Com-mittees of the Congress specified in sub-section (b), together with the annual reports required by such Secretaries under section 203(c)(1) of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11313(c)(1)), a sup-plemental report that includes the following information with respect to the preceding year: 
(1) The same information, for such pre-
ceding year, that was included with respect to 2010 in the report by the Secretary of 
Housing and Urban Development and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs entitled ‘‘Vet-erans Homelessness: A Supplemental Report to the 2010 Annual Homeless Assessment Re-port to Congress’’. 
(2) Information regarding the activities of 
the Department of Housing and Urban Devel-opment relating to veterans during such pre-ceding year, as follows: 
(A) The number of veterans provided as-
sistance under the housing choice voucher program for Veterans Affairs supported housing (VASH) under section 8(o)(19) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f(o)(19)), the socioeconomic characteris-tics of such homeless veterans, and the num-ber, types, and locations of entities con-tracted under such section to administer the vouchers. 
(B) A summary description of the special 
considerations made for veterans under pub-lic housing agency plans submitted pursuant to section 5A of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437c–1) and under com-prehensive housing affordability strategies submitted pursuant to section 105 of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Affordable Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 12705). 
(C) A description of the activities of the 
Special Assistant for Veterans Affairs of the Department of Housing and Urban Develop-ment. 
(D) A description of the efforts of the De-
partment of Housing and Urban Development and the other members of the United States Interagency Council on Homelessness to co-ordinate the delivery of housing and services to veterans. 
(E) The cost to the Department of Housing 
and Urban Development of administering the programs and activities relating to veterans. 
(F) Any other information that the Sec-
retary of Housing and Urban Development and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs con-sider relevant in assessing the programs and activities of the Department of Housing and Urban Development relating to veterans. 
(b) C
OMMITTEES .—The Committees of the 
Congress specified in this subsection are as follows: 
(1) The Committee on Banking, Housing, 
and Urban Affairs of the Senate. 
(2) The Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of 
the Senate. 
(3) The Committee on Appropriations of 
the Senate. 
(4) The Committee on Financial Services of 
the House of Representatives. 
(5) The Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of 
the House of Representatives. 
(6) The Committee on Appropriations of 
the House of Representatives. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. L
UETKEMEYER ) and the 
gentlewoman from California (Ms. M
AXINE WATERS ) each will control 20 
minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Missouri. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and to include extraneous mate-rial on the bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Missouri? 
There was no objection. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support 
of H.R. 251, the Homes for Heroes Act of 2015. 
This bill, introduced by my colleague 
from Texas, Congressman A
LGREEN , 
would establish the position of special assistant for Veterans Affairs within HUD to coordinate services provided to homeless veterans and to serve as 
HUD’s liaison to the Department of Veterans Affairs, the U.S. Interagency Council on Homelessness, State and local officials, and nonprofit service or-ganizations. The position is currently in the Office of the Deputy Assistant Secretary for Special Needs. This transfer highlights the importance of this issue. 
H.R. 251 would also require HUD to 
submit a comprehensive annual report to Congress on the housing needs of homeless veterans and the steps under-taken by HUD to meet these needs. 
Previous iterations of H.R. 251 have 
garnered broad support in the past. In 2013, the bill passed by a vote of 420–3; in 2012, by a vote of 414–5; in 2009, by a vote of 417–2; and in 2008, by a vote of 412–9. 
Our servicemen and -women continue 
to bravely serve our country both here and abroad. The least we can do is en-sure they have proper access to the services offered to them. This bill rep-resents a step in that direction. 
I urge my colleagues to again support 
this worthy endeavor. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I would like to thank my colleague 
and friend, Mr. G
REEN , for introducing 
this important bill, the Homes for He-roes Act of 2015. 
This bill aims to help prevent low-in-
come veteran families from falling into homelessness, while also providing re-lief for those who are currently home-less. This bill achieves these aims by elevating a position at HUD aimed spe-cifically at coordinating efforts to en-sure that all Federal agencies working to house our homeless veterans are working together at maximum capac-ity. This position will work closely 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:56 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.016 H14JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5131 July 14, 2015 
with the HUD Secretary to achieve 
these outcomes. 
The Homes for Heroes Act will also 
ensure the long-term coordination of services for homeless veterans by re-quiring HUD to submit a comprehen-sive annual report to Congress on the housing needs of homeless veterans. 
This bill will help ensure that we 
continue to make progress on the goal of ending veteran homelessness so that we can ensure that every veteran has a roof over their head. Recent efforts to house our homeless veterans have seen bipartisan support in both the House and Senate in the form of supporting robust funding for the HUD-Veterans Affairs Supportive Housing program, also known as HUD-VASH. This bill should be no different. 
Our veterans have been at the fore-
front of protecting this country, and we have an obligation here in Congress to protect and provide for those who are most vulnerable. No person in the country should be deprived of a safe, decent, and affordable place to call home. No person should be deprived of a roof over their head. This bill would help to ensure that we are taking care of those who have taken care of this country. 
In addition, this bill is supported by 
the National Alliance to End Homeless-ness, a national advocacy organization committed to preventing and ending homelessness in the United States. 
An identical bill passed the House 
last Congress. I urge my colleagues to again pass this important piece of leg-islation. 
I want to thank Mr. G
REEN for his 
persistence in bringing forth this legis-lation. It is another wonderful moment for him. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New Hampshire (Mr. G
UINTA ). 
b1300 
Mr. GUINTA. Mr. Speaker, the U.S. 
Department of Housing and Urban De-velopment estimates that almost 50,000 veterans are homeless on any given night. That means that right now there are roughly 50,000 of our Nation’s he-roes on the streets, without shelter, struggling to find a place to live. 
This is not how our country should 
treat the men and women who have risked their lives to protect our Na-tion. The issue of homeless veterans needs to be addressed and resolved, and it needs to be done now. 
It has always been a priority of mine 
to eliminate veterans homelessness not just in my home State of New Hamp-shire, but all across this great Nation. I think my colleagues will all agree with me that we must ensure our vet-erans and their families have access to affordable housing in order to help pro-mote their independence and well- being. 
When I was mayor of New Hamp-
shire’s largest city, Manchester, I launched a homeless veterans initia-
tive by working with leaders at Liberty House, a safe, supportive, and sub-stance-free housing community for those transitioning out of homeless-ness. 
Our veterans deserve equal treatment 
and access to HUD housing and home-less assistance programs. We can start now by cutting down the bureaucracy, bureaucratic hurdles, and by ensuring that the highest care is given to our veterans. This bipartisan bill is a step in the right direction. 
I thank the gentleman from Texas 
(Mr. A
LGREEN ) for fighting on behalf 
of homeless veterans. I am proud to rise in support of our Nation’s heroes, and I am proud to support H.R. 251. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ), the ranking 
member of the Subcommittee for Over-sight and Investigations of the Finan-cial Services Committee. 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. I thank the 
ranking member very much. 
Mr. Speaker, I am so honored to 
stand on the floor with the gentle-woman. Her reputation for supporting the needs of the homeless across the length and breadth of our country is widely known and greatly appreciated and, quite frankly, celebrated. 
She has been there for the homeless, 
she has spoken up in committee, and she has passed legislation to assist. So it does not surprise me that she would be supportive of this legislation. 
While it does not surprise me, I still 
must say that I am greatly appre-ciative for her support because her sup-port makes a difference in legislation moving forward from our committee. 
I am also honored to thank the chair 
of the committee, Mr. H
ENSARLING , 
who, without question, reservation, or hesitation, immediately concluded that this legislation should have an op-portunity to be voted upon. He has 
been a supporter of the legislation in the past, and I thank him for his cur-rent support. 
Mr. L
UETKEMEYER has been sup-
portive of the legislation, and I thank him for his willingness to allow it to come to the floor as quickly as it has. Sometimes it can take a little longer than we would like in getting legisla-tion to the floor, but the gentleman immediately responded, and this legis-lation has made its way to the floor. 
I also would like to thank the gen-
tleman from New Hampshire, who spoke very eloquently about the needs of veterans. It means a lot to me to know that we have the breadth of sup-port in the House of Representatives that we have. 
Mr. Speaker, I believe that it is al-
most sinful for us in the richest coun-try in the world to pass veterans who are living in the streets of life, holding signs indicating that they are homeless and that they need help. I believe that the richest country in the world can af-ford to provide for those who return home and are homeless. I think that, when a person signs up 
to serve in the military, you do not know where that assignment will take you. It could very well mean that you will go to some distant place or it could mean that you will stay right here within the continental United States. 
But when you sign up, you sign up to 
go wherever you are told and to do whatever is required, and a good many of those who sign up and go and do what is required don’t always return home the same way they left. 
As a result, we see not only veterans 
on the streets asking for help, but you see veterans who are sometimes with-out all of their body parts. It is espe-cially painful when you see a person who has served the country and who may be in a wheelchair now who is ask-ing for assistance on a street corner. 
I am proud to thank the Obama ad-
ministration for the work that has been done to eradicate homelessness among our veterans. In Houston, Texas, we had a meeting with the HUD Secretary and others. 
At that meeting, our mayor an-
nounced that we were ending homeless-ness in Houston, Texas, in the sense that a person who needs help could find help if one is a veteran in Houston, Texas. That means a lot to me to know that my hometown city is now moving forward and is helping those who are living in the streets of life. 
This piece of legislation, H.R. 251, 
makes permanent what is already tak-ing place. There is a person who is there to look out for veterans in HUD, but we want to make sure that that person is there permanently. That is what this legislation does. 
You have heard about the reports 
that will have to be submitted. It is ex-ceedingly important that we know how many people are homeless in the vet-erans population, and it is exceedingly important to know what it costs to house and to take care of them. These are the kinds of things that the report will reveal to all who wish to know. 
It is also important for us to under-
stand that this is not an effort that we can end, because we are making progress. Progress is important, but to continue the progress and to com-pletely eradicate this homelessness, we have to have people who are there, act-ing as sentinels, as watchmen, for those who have served us well. That is what this person will do who will be stationed in HUD. 
For further edification about the sit-
uation in terms of homelessness among the veterans population, let me share the statistical information with you: 
In January of 2014, the demographics 
indicated that, on any given night, as was indicated, about 50,000 veterans— 49,933—were homeless. 
Let’s talk about the people them-
selves and not allow them to become numbers. Here is what the statistical information further reveals: 12 percent of the homeless adult population are veterans. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:56 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.017 H14JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5132 July 14, 2015 
It reveals that 20 percent of the male 
homeless population are veterans. It reveals that 51 percent of individual homeless veterans had disabilities, 51 percent who need our help, 51 percent who will benefit from having a person whose job it is to monitor and to make sure that they are taken care of. 
Further, it would reveal that 70 per-
cent have substance abuse problems, which is something that we really don’t like to talk about. We know that it exists, and we know that something can be done about it, but you need someone who is there as a sentinel, as a watchman, to make sure that these needs are taken care of. 
Many of them developed their sub-
stance abuse problems while in the military, while serving the country. That is unfortunate, but it is a fact. What we want to do is to make sure that we take care of all of them. 
I am so honored to say to you that 
this bill has received great bipartisan support in the past, overwhelmingly so, I might add. 
I also want to just thank my col-
leagues by reminding us of Ruth Smeltzer’s words: 
Some measure their lives by days and 
years, others by heartthrobs, passions, and tears; but the surest measure under the God’s Sun is what for others in your lifetime have you done. 
I want to thank all who are going to 
do what they can to help eliminate homelessness among the veterans pop-ulation and those who will support this piece of legislation. Hopefully, we will get it passed in the Senate such that we won’t next term find ourselves sup-porting this same legislation. 
I thank the ranking member again so 
much for her many years of service and for her support for this legislation as well as for the many years of support that she has accorded those who have lived in the streets of life. 
God bless her, and God bless our 
country. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, 
in closing, just to reiterate and, again, congratulate and associate our re-marks with the fine gentleman’s from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ), one can see that 
his hard work and advocacy and his passion for this issue is unparalleled. We certainly want to continue to sup-port him, and we urge the support of this body for his fine bill here, H.R. 251. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
support to H.R. 251, the ‘‘Homes for Heroes Act of 2015,’’ which would amend the Depart-ment of Housing and Urban Development Act to establish in the Office of the Secretary of the Department of Housing and Urban Devel-opment (HUD) a Special Assistant for Vet-erans Affairs. 
Our military veterans deserve our deepest 
gratitude for the courage and valor they dem-onstrated in service while defending the United States of America. I support this bill strongly because it ensure 
veterans fair access to HUD housing and homeless assistance programs, coordinates all HUD programs and activities relating to vet-erans, and betters serves as a HUD liaison with the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA). 
Also, terminating the position of Special As-
sistant for Veterans Programs in the Office of the Deputy Assistant Secretary for Special Needs would create more coordinated rela-tions that will better serve the needs of our na-tion’s veterans. 
Mr. Speaker, today, in our country, there are 
approximately 107,000 veterans (male and fe-male) who are homeless on any given night. 
And perhaps twice as many (200,000) expe-
rience homelessness at some point during the course of a year. 
Many other veterans are considered near 
homeless or at risk because of their poverty, lack of support from family and friends, and dismal living conditions in cheap hotels or in overcrowded or substandard housing. 
In my hometown of Houston for example, 
between the years 2010 and 2012, the num-ber of homeless veterans increased from 771 to 1,162. 
President Obama and the Congress made a 
commitment to end homelessness by 2015. 
However, even with all the progress this ad-
ministration has made, until we have every veteran permanently sheltered in the United States, we have not succeeded. 
I have always devoted myself in these ef-
forts, as I know of the kind of impact assisting our heroes to get back on their feet can have on the well-being of our communities. 
H.R. 251, the ‘‘Homes for Heroes Act of 
2015,’’ is a positive step towards the right di-rection in our effort to support our nation’s he-roes, who have put their lives on the line for our protection. 
Mr. Speaker, we cannot let this issue of 
homelessness continue. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in voting in 
support of H.R. 251. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
C
ARTER of Georgia). The question is on 
the motion offered by the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. L
UETKEMEYER ) that 
the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 251. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, 
on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
HOUSING ASSISTANCE EFFICIENCY 
ACT 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1047) to authorize private nonprofit organizations to administer permanent housing rental assistance provided through the Continuum of Care Program under the McKinney- Vento Homeless Assistance Act, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 1047 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Housing As-
sistance Efficiency Act’’. 
SEC. 2. AUTHORITY TO ADMINISTER RENTAL AS-
SISTANCE. 
Subsection (g) of section 423 of the McKin-
ney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11383(g)) is amended by inserting ‘‘pri-vate nonprofit organization,’’ after ‘‘unit of general local government,’’. 
SEC. 3. REALLOCATION OF FUNDS. 
Paragraph (1) of section 414(d) of the 
McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11373(d)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘twice’’ and inserting ‘‘once’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. L
UETKEMEYER ) and the 
gentlewoman from California (Ms. M
AXINE WATERS ) each will control 20 
minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Missouri. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and to include extraneous mate-rial on this bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Missouri? 
There was no objection. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I rise today in strong support of H.R. 
1047, the Housing Assistance Efficiency Act, introduced by the gentleman from California (Mr. P
ETERS ). This bill 
makes a technical correction to the 2009 HEARTH Act amendments to the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act. 
H.R. 1047 will accomplish two goals: First, it would restore the ability of 
nonprofit organizations to administer permanent housing rental assistance provided through the McKinney-Vento Continuum of Care program. 
Second, it would authorize the HUD 
Secretary to reallocate any housing as-sistance provided from the Emergency Solutions Grants Program that is un-used or returned or that becomes avail-able after the minimum allocation re-quirements under McKinney-Vento have been met on an annual rather than on a semiannual basis. 
In 2009, the HEARTH Act amended 
McKinney-Vento to combine the Shel-ter Plus Care program and the sup-portive housing programs into a single, competitive program. 
When combining the activities of the 
previous programs into one, the HEARTH Act also created a new re-quirement that only States, units of local governments, or Public Housing Agencies—PHAs—could administer rental assistance. Previously, these public entities had used private non-profit organizations to administer the assistance. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:56 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.019 H14JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5133 July 14, 2015 
H.R. 1047 corrects an unintended con-
sequence of the HEARTH Act by re-storing nonprofit participation. The bill maximizes community flexibility to allow existing nonprofits that oper-ate leased housing to homeless families and individuals to continue to manage their McKinney-Vento grants as rental assistance as well as to continue to de-velop innovative practices that assist homeless families and individuals. 
Finally, H.R. 1047 reduces a regu-
latory burden by requiring HUD to re-allocate unused Emergency Solutions Grants Program funds only once per year. As I understand from HUD and many nonprofit organizations, there are very few unused funds available; yet, a complicated reallocation pro-gram, as required by current law, must be conducted twice a year even if the amount is miniscule. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
pass this commonsense legislation that is supported by the administration and many of the nonprofit organizations that continue to serve homeless popu-lations with limited resources. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I want to thank my colleague from 
California (Mr. P
ETERS ) for working on 
this important issue and introducing this bill. 
This bill, entitled the Housing Assist-
ance Efficiency Act, makes two key changes to the McKinney-Vento Home-less Assistance Act that are long over-do. 
Specifically, this bill is designed to 
fix two technical problems that have arisen in HUD’s homeless assistance programs due to technical errors in the language in the HEARTH Act, which was a bipartisan bill that significantly reformed the homeless assistance pro-grams in 2009. 
Among other things, HUD’s homeless 
assistance programs help homeless peo-ple pay rent when they move out of shelters or off the streets and into housing. 
Since the inception of these pro-
grams, local nonprofit organizations have received funding from HUD to ad-minister efficient and cost-effective rental assistance programs, working with local landlords to get places for homeless people to live. 
Unfortunately, in 2009, when certain 
programs were merged under the HEARTH Act, these nonprofits became ineligible to directly administer per-manent rental assistance. 
b1315 
This unintentional result of the 
HEARTH Act has created huge uncer-tainty on the ground for many non-profits who work hard to house our homeless populations across the coun-try. The permanent fix in H.R. 1047 would be extremely helpful for commu-nities that are working to end home-lessness for chronic individuals, vet-erans, children, and other populations. The second provision in H.R. 1047 ad-
dresses the Emergency Solutions Grants Program, a program aimed at homelessness prevention and rapid re-housing activities. The bill would amend the current HUD requirement to reallocate unused, returned, or other-wise newly available funds twice per year to just once per year. This change provides HUD and local agencies with administrative relief, while having no negative impact on beneficiaries of these programs. 
In addition, this program is sup-
ported by the National Alliance to End Homelessness, a national advocacy or-ganization committed to preventing and ending homelessness in the United States. An identical bill passed the House last December on the suspension calendar by voice vote. I urge my col-leagues to again vote in favor of this bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. I reserve the 
balance of my time, Mr. Speaker. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. P
ETERS ). 
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentlewoman for yielding. 
Today, I rise to urge passage of the 
Housing Assistance Efficiency Act, a bill that I introduced earlier this year. As the ranking member said, an iden-tical version of this legislation passed the House by voice vote last December. 
Many laws are intended to ensure ef-
ficiency in Federal agencies but often have unintended consequences, pre-venting agencies from serving the pub-lic and costing taxpayers money. 
Currently, the Department of Hous-
ing and Urban Development’s Con-tinuum of Care Program is forced to spend too much time fulfilling admin-istrative obligations, instead of helping individuals and families transition out of homelessness and putting them on a path to independent living. 
This legislation will reduce govern-
ment inefficiency and make it easier for Americans struggling to find a foot-hold to access the already existing re-sources available to them. 
Twice each fiscal year, HUD has to 
reallocate unused or returned funds in the Emergency Solutions Grants Pro-gram. Because funds are almost never unused or returned under this program, the reallocation of funds takes a lot of time and human capital to complete but with little end purpose. 
It is administratively more efficient 
to reallocate funds only once per year. This frees up HUD employees to pro-vide more human resources toward bet-ter providing service to constituents. We shouldn’t saddle HUD with more administrative work that isn’t helping anyone. 
In addition to mandatory fund allo-
cations, HUD faces a mountain of pa-perwork as it tries to administer that important system used by more than 3 million Americans each year. Prior to 2009, private nonprofits could admin-
ister rental assistance through HUD’s Continuum of Care. 
Nonprofits are uniquely positioned to 
handle the needs of those seeking rent-al assistance, using expertise in indi-vidual communities of vulnerable pop-ulations to serve the clients where they are. 
The HEARTH Act, however, muddled 
rental assistance laws, and private nonprofits were left off the list of enti-ties allowed to administer rental as-sistance. Currently, only States, local government units, or public housing agencies can dispense this housing as-sistance, although nonprofits have sub-stantial experience and the ability to reach vulnerable populations that is often unavailable to government pro-grams. 
Private nonprofits can still execute 
other homelessness programs, but they have to go through public housing agencies or another layer of bureauc-racy to get rental assistance to their clients or to the landlord. This creates more bureaucratic burdens when indi-viduals and families really need the help quickly to stay in their homes. 
Passing this bill would remedy both 
these problems, make HUD a more effi-cient agency, and get homelessness as-sistance to those who need it more quickly. This is particularly important in San Diego, where access to afford-able housing has been continually one of our region’s biggest obstacles and where we have the third largest home-less population in the country. By passing today’s bill, we can help HUD be more efficient and ensure that com-munity experts and nonprofits are not hamstrung by Federal inaction. 
In their statement supporting this 
legislation, the San Diego Housing Federation said: ‘‘This bill removes barriers to helping get important re-sources to those who need it most.’’ Mr. Speaker, that is what it is all about. 
I urge my colleagues to help pass this 
legislation and take substantive action to improve government efficiency and help fight chronic homelessness in our country. 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. I reserve the 
balance of my time, Mr. Speaker. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, 
we just want to reiterate our support for H.R. 1047. We feel it corrects some problems that have arisen inadvert-ently. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, 
today, I rise in support of H.R. 1047, the Housing Assistance Efficiency Act. This bill would remove non-essential administrative boundaries in order to better serve our na-tion’s homeless population. 
Under the McKinney-Vento Homeless As-
sistance Act, only a state, local government, or public housing agency may administer housing assistance to our nation’s homeless. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:56 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.021 H14JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5134 July 14, 2015 
This regulation prevents many non-profit agen-
cies—which often have deep ties to our com-munities—from assisting the homeless. 
Like many districts and states, the State of 
Alabama faces many challenges in addressing the needs of our homeless. We can accom-plish this by correcting any unintended legisla-tive consequences and taking action to create the most fast-acting and efficient system of housing assistance possible. 
The Housing Assistance Efficiency Act ad-
dresses these problems by increasing effi-ciency, eliminating red tape, and expediting the process of providing safe, stable shelter for homeless communities. 
I congratulate my colleague from California, 
Congressman P
ETERS , for remaining vigilant 
and continuing to be a voice for our most vul-nerable communities. This is a valuable oppor-tunity to eliminate barriers and offer a faster and more financially responsible approach to assisting the homeless. 
While we continue our efforts to help the 
homeless, we must remain mindful of our long-term goals. I urge my colleagues to help pass this legislation and reaffirm our commit-ment to the alleviation of homelessness in all of our communities. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. L
UETKEMEYER ) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1047. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
PRESERVATION ENHANCEMENT 
AND SAVINGS OPPORTUNITY ACT OF 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2482) to amend the Low-In-come Housing Preservation and Resi-dent Homeownership Act of 1990. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2482 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Preservation 
Enhancement and Savings Opportunity Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. DISTRIBUTIONS AND RESIDUAL RE-
CEIPTS. 
Section 222 of the Low-Income Housing 
Preservation and Resident Homeownership Act of 1990 (12 U.S.C. 4112) is amended by add-ing at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(e) D
ISTRIBUTION AND RESIDUAL RE-
CEIPTS .— 
‘‘(1) A UTHORITY .—After the date of the en-
actment of the Preservation Enhancement and Savings Opportunity Act of 2015, the owner of a property subject to a plan of ac-tion or use agreement pursuant to this sec-tion shall be entitled to distribute— 
‘‘(A) annually, all surplus cash generated 
by the property, but only if the owner is in material compliance with such use agree-ment including compliance with prevailing physical condition standards established by the Secretary; and 
‘‘(B) notwithstanding any conflicting pro-
vision in such use agreement, any funds ac-cumulated in a residual receipts account, but 
only if the owner is in material compliance with such use agreement and has completed, or set aside sufficient funds for completion of, any capital repairs identified by the most recent third party capital needs assessment. 
‘‘(2) O
PERATION OF PROPERTY .—An owner 
that distributes any amounts pursuant to paragraph (1) shall— 
‘‘(A) continue to operate the property in 
accordance with the affordability provisions of the use agreement for the property for the remaining useful life of the property; 
‘‘(B) as required by the plan of action for 
the property, continue to renew or extend any project-based rental assistance contract for a term of not less than 20 years; and 
‘‘(C) if the owner has an existing multi- 
year project-based rental assistance contract for less than 20 years, have the option to ex-tend the contract to a 20-year term.’’. 
SEC. 3. FUTURE REFINANCINGS. 
Section 214 of the Low-Income Housing 
Preservation and Resident Homeownership Act of 1990 (12 U.S.C. 4104) is amended by add-ing at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(c) F
UTURE FINANCING .—Neither this sec-
tion, nor any plan of action or use agreement implementing this section, shall restrict an owner from obtaining a new loan or refi-nancing an existing loan secured by the project, or from distributing the proceeds of such a loan; except that, in conjunction with such refinancing— 
‘‘(1) the owner shall provide for adequate 
rehabilitation pursuant to a capital needs as-sessment to ensure long-term sustainability of the property satisfactory to the lender or bond issuance agency; 
‘‘(2) any resulting budget-based rent in-
crease shall include debt service on the new financing, commercially reasonable debt service coverage, and replacement reserves as required by the lender; and 
‘‘(3) for tenants of dwelling units not cov-
ered by a project- or tenant-based rental sub-sidy, any rent increases resulting from the refinancing transaction may not exceed 10 percent per year, except that— 
‘‘(A) any tenant occupying a dwelling unit 
as of time of the refinancing may not be re-quired to pay for rent and utilities, for the duration of such tenancy, an amount that exceeds the greater of— 
‘‘(i) 30 percent of the tenant’s income; or ‘‘(ii) the amount paid by the tenant for 
rent and utilities immediately before such refinancing; and 
‘‘(B) this paragraph shall not apply to any 
tenant who does not provide the owner with proof of income. 
Paragraph (3) may not be construed to limit 
any rent increases resulting from increased operating costs for a project.’’. 
SEC. 4. IMPLEMENTATION. 
The Secretary of Housing and Urban Devel-
opment shall issue any guidance that the Secretary considers necessary to carry out the provisions added by the amendments made by sections 2 and 3 not later than the expiration of the 120-day period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. L
UETKEMEYER ) and the 
gentlewoman from California (Ms. M
AXINE WATERS ) each will control 20 
minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Missouri. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material 
on this bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Missouri? 
There was no objection. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise in support of H.R. 2482, the Preser-vation Enhancement and Savings Op-portunity Act of 2015. 
As my colleague from Minnesota, a 
longtime advocate of this preservation bill, will explain shortly, this bill pro-vides technical changes to the Low-In-come Housing Preservation and Resi-dent Homeownership Act of 1990, or LIHPRHA, to allow property owners access to their profits while ensuring long-term preservation of affordable, multifamily housing properties. 
By correcting the inequities result-
ing from a fixed return on investment, we are providing for continued preser-vation of an important asset and facili-tating future recapitalization to maxi-mize the remaining useful life of the LIHPRHA properties without any cost to the Federal Government. 
HUD recognized the need to address 
this issue in the administration’s fiscal year 2015 and fiscal year 2016 budget re-quests. Administratively, HUD has re-moved the limitation on distributions in similar circumstances where it had the authority to do so but has deter-mined it lacks such authority with the LIHPRHA portfolio. 
This bill ensures the continued via-
bility of the properties through contin-ued adherence to the use agreement. This includes compliance with physical need requirements and requirement to provide for any identified capital needs. 
I would like to reemphasize that this 
provision does not result in a cost to the Federal Government and ensures long-term preservation. I thank the gentleman from Minnesota for his hard work on this issue. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
This bill is the product of years of 
thoughtful consideration and negotia-tions. I am very pleased with the com-promises that were reached on this bill, especially some additional tenant pro-tections that include rent affordability restrictions for existing tenants. 
There are currently about 640 prop-
erties that are subject to restrictions in the Low-Income Housing Preserva-tion and Resident Homeownership Act of 1990, otherwise known as LIHPRHA. LIHPRHA imposed some significant re-strictions on property owners, which have proven to be problematic by mak-ing it more difficult for property own-ers to preserve these aging properties. 
This bill would help address this 
issue by providing affected property owners with greater flexibilities on the condition that they comply with basic requirements that ensure that the properties are adequately maintained 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:56 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.062 H14JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5135 July 14, 2015 
and that tenants do not see dramatic 
increases in rents. 
By providing these flexibilities, prop-
erty owners will have better access to capital to carry out repairs and other improvements that will help preserve these aging properties and ultimately benefit tenants. Particularly in light of the current rental housing crisis, this is an important bipartisan measure that seeks to preserve our affordable housing stock. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield such time as he may consume to the distinguished gentleman from Min-nesota (Mr. P
AULSEN ), who has been an 
advocate on this issue for a long, long time. 
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
support of the legislation, the Preser-vation Enhancement and Savings Op-portunity Act. Let me start by thank-ing the gentleman and the ranking member of the committee for their long efforts to bring this legislation forward with support. 
As was mentioned, in 1990 Congress 
enacted the Low-Income Housing Pres-ervation and Resident Homeownership Act, or LIHPRHA, to preserve and ex-tend the availability of low-income housing throughout the country. 
Many low-income housing properties 
at that time were nearing the end of a 20-year period of the owner’s obligation to maintain below-market rents for qualified tenants, and Congress was worried about a flood of thousands of properties coming out of the low-in-come housing pool. 
Congress used LIHPRHA to create 
new incentives, in the form of low-in-terest restructured mortgages, to en-tice property owners to maintain their properties as low-income housing. In exchange for the incentives, owners who agreed to extend low-income use of properties became obligated to operate properties as low-income housing for 50 years or the remaining useful life of the properties, whichever would be greater. 
Property owners also agreed to a 
fixed cap on their allowed annual cash distributions from rents from the prop-erties. The cap was designed to provide the owners with an 8 percent equity re-turn, based on property values at the time. The income from the properties above the cap is still the owner’s money, but it is held at HUD in an ac-count that the owners have no right to access until the end of that 50-year pe-riod. 
These 8 percent distribution limits, 
while initially workable, over time have resulted in very adverse and unex-pected consequences, in particular re-lating to the Federal income tax liabil-ities of the owners. Initially, owners were able to offset a portion of their taxes owed with depreciation and mort-gage interest deductions. The 8 percent cash distributions were sufficient to meet those tax obligations. However, since that time, rents have 
increased, and deductible mortgage in-terest and depreciation deductions have decreased for LIHPRHA property owners. This effectively means that the annual Federal taxable income of the owners has increased substantially, de-spite the fact that their allowed cash distributions have remained capped at a constant dollar amount fixed in the 1990s. 
Mr. Speaker, in recent years, for ex-
ample, owners’ income tax liabilities have often been more than double the amount of cash permitted to be distrib-uted to them under the law, and this is unfair to LIHPRHA property owners. It will only worsen over time. 
Fortunately, there is a simple solu-
tion to the problem. The Preservation Enhancement and Savings Opportunity Act will allow LIHPRHA property own-ers to access their funds held at HUD, after all operating expenses and prop-erty maintenance costs have been paid. More importantly, removing the limi-tation on distributions will not result in any cost to the Federal Government, as the funds belong to the owners and not to HUD. 
The legislation also requires individ-
uals refinancing LIHPRHA properties to provide adequate rehabilitation and replacement reserves. It includes pro-tections for low-income housing ten-ants from excessive rent increases. 
Removing the limitation on distribu-
tions and the refinancing provisions will facilitate additional recapitaliza-tion of these properties by private sec-tor developers and other preservation entities, which will in turn extend the availability of low-income housing across the country for those who most need it. This all happens at no addi-tional cost to American taxpayers. 
Mr. Speaker, I insert into the R
ECORD  
a letter to Chairman H ENSARLING and 
Ranking Member W ATERS from nine 
national housing organizations endors-ing this bill. 
I close by asking my colleagues to 
join me in support of this legislation. 
JUNE11, 2015. 
Hon. J EBHENSARLING , 
Chairman, Committee on Financial Services. Hon. M
AXINE WATERS , 
Ranking Minority Member, Committee on Fi-
nancial Services. 
DEARCHAIRMAN HENSARLING AND RANKING  
MEMBER WATERS : The undersigned organiza-
tions urge you to support H.R. 2482, the Pres-ervation, Enhancement and Savings Oppor-tunity Act of 2014. The bill provides tech-nical changes to the Low Income Housing Preservation and Resident Homeownership Act of 1990 (LIHPRHA) while ensuring long- term preservation of these affordable multi-family housing properties. 
When LIHPRHA was enacted, property 
owners were provided incentives to maintain the affordability of the properties for low and moderate income renters for the remain-ing useful life of the properties in exchange for relinquishing the right to prepay the mortgage after 20 years. As part of the proc-ess, the owners’ equity contributions in the property were redefined but a contractual limitation on property income distributions remained, even though all surplus funds be-long to the ownership entity. Such a limita-tion was workable twenty years ago, but as 
the mortgages mature the annual distribu-tion becomes insufficient to address increas-ing tax liabilities. 
The bill would remove the limitation on 
distributions and provide the ownership enti-ty/sponsor access to its own funds to address tax liabilities or other expenses while ensur-ing continued preservation and adherence to the properties’ use agreements. Such action provides additional incentives for future in-vestors to recapitalize these multifamily properties, therefore extending their useful life and the continuation of a scarce housing resource for years to come. For the last 15 years, HUD has administratively removed limitations on distributions where it had the authority to do so. HUD has concluded that it lacks this authority with the LIHPRHA portfolio. 
The bill’s changes to LIHPRHA have no as-
sociated budgetary or tax cost to the Federal Government and ensure the preservation of an important housing resource. We urge you to support H.R. 2482. 
Sincerely, 
Council for Affordable and Rural Housing 
(CARH); Institute of Real Estate Man-agement (IREM); Institute for Respon-sible Housing Preservation (IRHP); Mortgage Bankers Association (MBA); National Affordable Housing Manage-ment Association (NAHMA); National Apartment Association (NAA); Na-tional Association of Home Builders (NAHB); National Leased Housing As-sociation (NLHA); National Multi-family Housing Council (NMHC). 
b1330 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers. I encourage support for this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I 
urge support of H.R. 2482, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. L
UETKEMEYER ) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2482. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
PRIVATE INVESTMENT IN 
HOUSING ACT OF 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2997) to authorize the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Develop-ment to carry out a demonstration pro-gram to enter into budget-neutral, per-formance-based contracts for energy and water conservation improvements for multifamily residential units. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2997 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Private In-
vestment in Housing Act of 2015’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:56 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.024 H14JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5136 July 14, 2015 
SEC. 2. BUDGET-NEUTRAL DEMONSTRATION PRO-
GRAM FOR ENERGY AND WATER CONSERVATION IMPROVEMENTS AT MULTIFAMILY RESIDENTIAL UNITS. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary of 
Housing and Urban Development (in this sec-tion referred to as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall es-tablish a demonstration program under which the Secretary may execute budget- neutral, performance-based agreements in fiscal years 2016 through 2019 that result in a reduction in energy or water costs with such 
entities as the Secretary determines to be appropriate under which the entities shall carry out projects for energy or water con-servation improvements at not more than 20,000 residential units in multifamily build-ings participating in— 
(1) the project-based rental assistance pro-
gram under section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437f), other than assistance provided under section 8(o) of that Act; 
(2) the supportive housing for the elderly 
program under section 202 of the Housing Act of 1959 (12 U.S.C. 1701q); or 
(3) the supportive housing for persons with 
disabilities program under section 811(d)(2) of the Cranston-Gonzalez National Afford-able Housing Act (42 U.S.C. 8013(d)(2)). 
(b) R
EQUIREMENTS .— 
(1) P AYMENTS CONTINGENT ON SAVINGS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-
vide to an entity a payment under an agree-ment under this section only during applica-ble years for which an energy or water cost savings is achieved with respect to the appli-cable multifamily portfolio of properties, as determined by the Secretary, in accordance with subparagraph (B). 
(B) P
AYMENT METHODOLOGY .— 
(i) I N GENERAL .—Each agreement under 
this section shall include a pay-for-success provision that— 
(I) shall serve as a payment threshold for 
the term of the agreement; and 
(II) requires that payments shall be contin-
gent on realized cost savings associated with reduced utility consumption in the partici-pating properties. 
(ii) L
IMITATIONS .—A payment made by the 
Secretary under an agreement under this section— 
(I) shall be contingent on documented util-
ity savings; and 
(II) shall not exceed the utility savings 
achieved by the date of the payment, and not previously paid, as a result of the improve-ments made under the agreement. 
(C) T
HIRD-PARTY VERIFICATION .—Savings 
payments made by the Secretary under this section shall be based on a measurement and verification protocol that includes at least— 
(i) establishment of a weather-normalized 
and occupancy-normalized utility consump-tion baseline established pre-retrofit; 
(ii) annual third-party confirmation of ac-
tual utility consumption and cost for utili-ties; 
(iii) annual third-party validation of the 
tenant utility allowances in effect during the applicable year and vacancy rates for each unit type; and 
(iv) annual third-party determination of 
savings to the Secretary. 
An agreement under this section with an en-
tity shall provide that the entity shall cover costs associated with third-party verification under this subparagraph. 
(2) T
ERMS OF PERFORMANCE -BASED AGREE -
MENTS .—A performance-based agreement 
under this section shall include— 
(A) the period that the agreement will be 
in effect and during which payments may be made, which may not be longer than 12 years; (B) the performance measures that will 
serve as payment thresholds during the term of the agreement; 
(C) an audit protocol for the properties 
covered by the agreement; 
(D) a requirement that payments shall be 
contingent on realized cost savings associ-ated with reduced utility consumption in the participating properties; and 
(E) such other requirements and terms as 
determined to be appropriate by the Sec-retary. 
(3) E
NTITY ELIGIBILITY .—The Secretary 
shall— 
(A) establish a competitive process for en-
tering into agreements under this section; and 
(B) enter into such agreements only with 
entities that, either jointly or individually, demonstrate significant experience relating to— 
(i) financing or operating properties receiv-
ing assistance under a program identified in subsection (a); 
(ii) oversight of energy or water conserva-
tion programs, including oversight of con-tractors; and 
(iii) raising capital for energy or water 
conservation improvements from charitable organizations or private investors. 
(4) G
EOGRAPHICAL DIVERSITY .—Each agree-
ment entered into under this section shall provide for the inclusion of properties with the greatest feasible regional and State vari-ance. 
(5) P
ROPERTIES .—A property may only be 
included in the demonstration under this section only if the property is subject to af-fordability restrictions for at least 15 years after the date of the completion of any con-servation improvements made to the prop-erty under the demonstration program. Such restrictions may be made through an ex-tended affordability agreement for the prop-erty under a new housing assistance pay-ments contract with the Secretary of Hous-ing and Urban Development or through an enforceable covenant with the owner of the property. 
(c) P
LAN AND REPORTS .— 
(1) P LAN.—Not later than 90 days after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Appro-priations and Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Commit-tees on Appropriations and Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate a de-tailed plan for the implementation of this section. 
(2) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, and annu-ally thereafter, the Secretary shall— 
(A) conduct an evaluation of the program 
under this section; and 
(B) submit to Congress a report describing 
each evaluation conducted under subpara-graph (A). 
(d) F
UNDING .—For each fiscal year during 
which an agreement under this section is in effect, the Secretary may use to carry out this section any funds appropriated to the Secretary for the renewal of contracts under a program described in subsection (a). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. L
UETKEMEYER ) and the 
gentlewoman from California (Ms. 
MAXINE WATERS ) each will control 20 
minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Missouri. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material 
on this bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Missouri? 
There was no objection. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Today, I rise in support of H.R. 2997, 
the Private Investment in Housing Act of 2015. This bill, introduced by my col-league, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. R
OSS), would authorize the Sec-
retary of Housing and Urban Develop-ment to establish a demonstration pro-gram to make assisted multifamily properties more energy and water effi-cient at no cost to U.S. taxpayers. 
Currently, HUD spends in excess of $7 
billion in annual energy and water costs for HUD-assisted properties. These properties are generally older, with inefficient energy and water usage. In most cases, owners of these older assisted properties lack the cap-ital to modernize their buildings to perform energy and water efficiency. 
H.R. 2997 would create a demonstra-
tion for no more than 20,000 assisted units where HUD would enter into agreements with intermediaries—most likely, nonprofit entities—to produce energy and water efficiency in ex-change for a share of the savings. 
This demonstration and the subse-
quent contract with the intermediary would allow these entities to raise cap-ital from private investors and founda-tions. HUD would not provide upfront capital investments for any energy ret-rofits and there would be no risk to the Federal Government. 
Savings due to the retrofits, verified 
by an independent third party, would then result in HUD remitting a portion of the savings back to the inter-mediaries. If savings are not realized, the loss is absorbed by the private in-vestors or foundations. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2997 is an example 
of the public-private partnership inno-vation needed to attract capital invest-ment to our public- and assisted-hous-ing stock. This demonstration, in addi-tion to the Rental Assistance Dem-onstration program, is the beginning of bipartisan legislative initiatives to bring private sector resources and management to affordable housing for low- and very low-income families. 
As chairman of the Housing and In-
surance Subcommittee of the Financial Services Committee, I am working with Members on both sides of the aisle to develop legislation similar to H.R. 2997, which would make the operations of HUD and its programs more effi-
cient. Today’s bill is a step in that di-rection. 
In addition to the sponsor, Rep-
resentative R
OSS, I want to thank the 
ranking member of the Housing and In-surance Subcommittee, Mr. C
LEAVER , 
along with Representatives H IMES of 
Connecticut and D ELANEY of Maryland, 
for their hard work on this legislation. 
I urge all Members to support H.R. 
2997, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY7.007 H14JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5137 July 14, 2015 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, this bill would create a 
pilot program within HUD which would allow for energy and water efficiency upgrades to be made to certain private multifamily HUD properties at no cost to the government. 
Under this innovative pilot program, 
investors would provide all of the up-front capital to make the improve-ments, and they would only get paid based on a portion of the cost savings that result from the improvements. If there are no cost savings, the losses would be completely on the investors, not HUD or the taxpayers. 
This is a rare win-win situation. HUD 
and taxpayers benefit from cost sav-ings; tenants benefit from the improve-ments made to their homes; investors benefit from the profits, and of course, the environment benefits from the more responsible use of natural re-sources. 
This bill also ensures accountability 
by requiring a third-party evaluation to verify any cost savings and also by requiring the Secretary to report on the outcomes of the pilot within a year of enactment. 
There is simply no reason for bipar-
tisan bickering on a bill like this. I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. R
OSS), 
a distinguished member of the Housing and Insurance Subcommittee. 
Mr. ROSS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the 
chairman and Ranking Member W
ATERS for their support. 
As the chairman pointed out, cur-
rently, HUD spends more than $7 bil-lion annually in energy and water costs. In our current fiscal environ-ment, we must look to new technology and for innovative solutions to gen-erate savings for both taxpayers and the Federal Government. 
Today, I am proud to ask my col-
leagues to join me in supporting bipar-tisan H.R. 2997, the Private Investment and Housing Act. This legislation will establish a demonstration project that will encourage private sector entities to retrofit and modernize a limited number of HUD multifamily housing units at absolutely no cost to tax-payers. 
This legislation is necessary because 
nonprofits and other entities that focus on financing for affordable housing are unable to enter into contractual agree-ments to retrofit HUD multifamily housing units. Imagine leveraging pri-vate capital to enhance the livability and inhabitability of affordable hous-ing at no cost to the taxpayers or the Federal Government. 
It doesn’t involve any risk to the 
Federal Government or the taxpayer. In fact, investors take the first loss po-sition on energy upgrades. If energy savings from these projects are not re-alized after private entities enter these contracts, the Federal Government 
does not pay anything, period. 
If savings through these projects are 
achieved, they would lower HUD’s en-ergy expenditures by as much as 20 per-cent, creating tremendous savings for the taxpayer. Private entities who take on the risk to retrofit these units will receive a $1 return for every $1 in cost savings that are verified by a third party. 
The demonstration program created 
by this legislation would help improve up to 20,000 HUD-assisted apartments receiving project-based rental assist-ance, supportive housing for the elder-ly, or supportive housing for persons with disabilities. 
The demonstration projects will help 
a limited number of people at first in Florida and across the country. How-ever, over time, once it is a proven suc-cess, more than 48,000 eligible prop-erties in the State of Florida and the 900 units in my district alone may be able to benefit, again, at no expense to the taxpayer. 
In addition to the direct economic 
benefits to taxpayers, these upgrades will bring meaningful health and other benefits to the families living in the buildings, creating a healthier and safer environment for residents. 
I want to thank my colleagues, Rep-
resentative J
IMHIMES; Representative 
EMANUEL CLEAVER , ranking member of 
the subcommittee; and Representative J
OHN DELANEY , for their support on 
this legislation. 
I also want to thank Enterprise Com-
munity Partners for their support of this legislation and for the support of projects that encourage a public-pri-vate partnership in affordable housing. 
I ask you join me in supporting this 
legislation to engage the private sector to help HUD reduce their annual $7 bil-lion in energy and water spending. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge support, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I 
encourage support for H.R. 2997. I think it is a great idea to, again, go into a public-private partnership and utilize that as an opportunity, again, at no cost to the taxpayers. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. L
UETKEMEYER ) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2997. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, 
on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. MORTGAGE SERVICING ASSET 
CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS ACT OF 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1408) to require certain Fed-eral banking agencies to conduct a study of the appropriate capital re-quirements for mortgage servicing as-sets for nonsystemic banking institu-tions, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1408 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Mortgage 
Servicing Asset Capital Requirements Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. STUDY OF MORTGAGE SERVICING AS-
SETS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) B ANKING INSTITUTION .—The term ‘‘bank-
ing institution’’ means an insured depository institution, Federal credit union, State cred-it union, bank holding company, or savings and loan holding company. 
(2) B
ASEL III CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS .—The 
term ‘‘Basel III capital requirements’’ means the Global Regulatory Framework for More Resilient Banks and Banking Systems issued by the Basel Committee on Banking Super-vision on December 16, 2010, as revised on June 1, 2011. 
(3) F
EDERAL BANKING AGENCIES .—The term 
‘‘Federal banking agencies’’ means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Office of the Comptroller of the Cur-rency, the Federal Deposit Insurance Cor-poration, and the National Credit Union Ad-ministration. 
(4) M
ORTGAGE SERVICING ASSETS .—The term 
‘‘mortgage servicing assets’’ means those as-sets that result from contracts to service loans secured by real estate, where such loans are owned by third parties. 
(5) NCUA 
CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS .—The 
term ‘‘NCUA capital requirements’’ means the proposed rule of the National Credit Union Administration entitled ‘‘Risk-Based Capital’’ (80 Fed. Reg. 4340 (January 27, 2015)). 
(6) O
THER DEFINITIONS .— 
(A) B ANKING DEFINITIONS .—The terms 
‘‘bank holding company’’, ‘‘insured deposi-tory institution’’, and ‘‘savings and loan holding company’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 3 of the Federal De-posit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813). 
(B) C
REDIT UNION DEFINITIONS .—The terms 
‘‘Federal credit union’’ and ‘‘State credit union’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 101 of the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1752). 
(b) S
TUDY OF THE APPROPRIATE CAPITAL  
FORMORTGAGE SERVICING ASSETS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Federal banking 
agencies shall jointly conduct a study of the appropriate capital requirements for mort-gage servicing assets for banking institu-tions. 
(2) I
SSUES TO BE STUDIED .—The study re-
quired under paragraph (1) shall include, with a specific focus on banking institu-tions— 
(A) the risk to banking institutions of 
holding mortgage servicing assets; 
(B) the history of the market for mortgage 
servicing assets, including in particular the market for those assets in the period of the financial crisis; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:56 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.030 H14JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5138 July 14, 2015 
(C) the ability of banking institutions to 
establish a value for mortgage servicing as-sets of the institution through periodic sales or other means; 
(D) regulatory approaches to mortgage 
servicing assets and capital requirements that may be used to address concerns about the value of and ability to sell mortgage servicing assets; 
(E) the impact of imposing the Basel III 
capital requirements and the NCUA capital requirements on banking institutions on the ability of those institutions— 
(i) to compete in the mortgage servicing 
business, including the need for economies of scale to compete in that business; and 
(ii) to provide service to consumers to 
whom the institutions have made mortgage loans; 
(F) an analysis of what the mortgage serv-
icing marketplace would look like if the Basel III capital requirements and the NCUA capital requirements on mortgage servicing assets— 
(i) were fully implemented; and (ii) applied to both banking institutions 
and nondepository residential mortgage loan servicers; 
(G) the significance of problems with mort-
gage servicing assets, if any, in banking in-stitution failures and problem banking insti-tutions, including specifically identifying failed banking institutions where mortgage servicing assets contributed to the failure; and 
(H) an analysis of the relevance of the 
Basel III capital requirements and the NCUA capital requirements on mortgage servicing assets to the banking systems of other sig-nificantly developed countries. 
(3) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 
180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Federal banking agencies shall sub-mit to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives a report con-taining— 
(A) the results of the study required under 
paragraph (1); 
(B) any analysis on the specific issue of 
mortgage servicing assets undertaken by the Federal banking agencies before finalizing regulations implementing the Basel III cap-ital requirements and the NCUA capital re-quirements; and 
(C) any recommendations for legislative or 
regulatory actions that would address con-cerns about the value of and ability to sell and the ability of banking institutions to hold mortgage servicing assets. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. L
UETKEMEYER ) and the 
gentlewoman from California (Ms. M
AXINE WATERS ) each will control 20 
minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Missouri. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on this bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Missouri? 
There was no objection. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I rise today in support of H.R. 1408, as 
amended. I want to thank the gen-tleman from Colorado (Mr. P
ERL-
MUTTER ) for introducing the legisla-
tion. 
Mortgage servicing assets, or MSAs, 
also known as mortgage servicing rights, are contracts to service mort-gage loans. Historically, these assets have been held by banks and credit unions that have existing or developing relationships with their customers. 
However, the Basel III negotiations 
dramatically changed the capital re-quirements for MSAs, forcing many fi-nancial institutions to sell off these as-sets. Many have been sold to hedge funds or other nonbanks with little to no experience in dealing directly with consumers. 
In recent years, a bipartisan group of 
five members of the Financial Services Committee sent letters to Federal banking regulators asking whether or not they have studied MSAs or MSA performance during the financial crisis before finalizing the Basel-generated capital requirements. The answer was pretty clear; the regulators had not. 
There was no consideration of MSAs, 
how the assets have performed histori-cally, or the impact that higher capital would have on consumers. What is more disconcerting is MSAs exist only in the United States. These are a uniquely American product. Nowhere else in the world do MSAs exist; yet it was international regulators who de-cided how these assets should be treat-ed. 
Last year, New York State super-
intendent of financial services Ben-jamin Lawsky addressed MSAs before a meeting of the Institute of Inter-national Bankers. Lawsky stated: 
We are finding we are creating giant 
nonbank servicers who, in a couple of in-stances . . . are not fully prepared to deal with this exponential rise in their portfolios, and they don’t have the capacity to service the loans they are taking on. 
Lawsky went on to say: 
While, on the one hand, we were trying to 
get rid of a problem, we made a different problem worse. 
H.R. 1408 is a straightforward, bipar-
tisan bill. The bill simply says that the U.S. banking regulators need to go back and study MSAs and the impact the new capital requirements will have on consumers. Given what we have seen in this space in the last year, I think it is not only appropriate but completely necessary that we take an-other look at MSAs. 
I want to, again, thank Mr. P
ERL-
MUTTER for his work on this legisla-
tion, and I ask that my colleagues sup-port our effort to ensure that a more methodical approach is taken by the banking regulators. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
During the foreclosure crisis of the 
last several years, we have learned how important the role of mortgage serv-icing is to our economy and our con-stituents. I am proud of the work we 
did in the Dodd-Frank Act and of the work that the Consumer Financial Pro-tection Bureau continues to do to re-form the practices of the mortgage servicing industry. 
Unfortunately, this Congress has not 
been able to move legislation on broad-er housing finance reform. While we have left this business unfinished, there has been a large shift in the structure of the mortgage servicing in-dustry, as nonbank servicers who are supervised by State regulators play a much larger role than they have in the past. 
That is why I am supporting the 
good, bipartisan work Mr. P
ERLMUTTER  
and Mr. L UETKEMEYER have engaged in 
to make sure that State and Federal regulators are working together to un-derstand the changes in the mortgage servicing industry and to make sure bank and nonbank services are treated appropriately under new financial rules. 
This study will give regulators the 
information they need to monitor the impact of capital standards on the mortgage servicing market and encour-age State and Federal regulators to work together to ensure that all mort-gage services are appropriately capital-ized, regardless of who regulates them. 
b1345 
H.R. 1408 will ensure that regulators 
are paying close attention to a vital part of our housing and financial sys-tem, and I am happy that we were able to work with the majority to pass this bill. 
So I thank you, and I reserve the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL), who is a distinguished member 
of our Financial Services Committee. 
Mr. HILL. I thank the manager, my 
friend from Missouri. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of H.R. 1408, the Mortgage Servicing Asset Capital Requirements Act. 
Mortgage servicing is a very valued 
product for our community banks. I am proud to represent several mortgage service firms connected to community banks in my State of Arkansas. 
Having mortgage servicing assets 
connected with a residential lending portfolio adds value; it is incidental and important to banking; and, effec-tively, it is a proper hedge, a natural hedge for that residential lending busi-ness. 
However, because of Basel III’s cap-
ital requirements imposed on mortgage servicing organizations, many banks are being forced to sell their MSA port-folios to hedge funds or nonbanks, which don’t really have the experience with the local customers in a personal, knowledgeable way like our commu-nity banks do. 
MSAs are unique, as the gentleman 
from Missouri said, to the United States, but they are being regulated by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:56 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY7.008 H14JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5139 July 14, 2015 
rules developed by an international 
body without any study as to whether additional capital is even needed or any review on the impact of customer relationships. 
In my view, while staying implemen-
tation of these capital requirements during a study, as provided in the original version of the bill, would be optimal, it is nonetheless imperative that the impacts of this rule be thor-oughly analyzed, vetted, and under-stood. 
I thank my friends, the gentlemen 
from Colorado and Missouri, for their work. I ask my colleagues to support this commonsense bill. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
ERLMUTTER ), and I 
would like to thank him for the work that he has put into this legislation. 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, to 
my friend from California, I thank Con-gresswoman W
ATERS , Chairman H EN-
SARLING for allowing me to bring this 
forward, my friend from Missouri (Mr. L
UETKEMEYER ), and I appreciate the re-
marks of the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL). 
So after years of working on this 
issue, I am glad to see our work is cul-minating with the passage of H.R. 1408 today. 
The language before us today rep-
resents a compromise simply requiring the Federal banking regulators—and by those I mean the Federal Reserve, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corpora-tion, the National Credit Union Admin-istration, and the Office of the Comp-troller of Currency—to jointly study the capital treatment of mortgage servicing assets or mortgage servicing rights, and I will say MSRs or MSAs, under the Basel III Accords. It is near-ly identical to section 116 of S. 1484, of-fered by Chairman S
HELBY in the Sen-
ate Banking Committee. 
Now, it differs from the original bill 
passed out of the Financial Services Committee on March 26 that included language to delay the current rule while regulators conducted a study and then proposed new appropriate capital requirements for MSRs. While many of us wish the bill included those provi-sions, the study is what is key. The study will be an important step in in-forming how we proceed with future ac-tions establishing the appropriate cap-ital requirements for MSRs. 
Now, what does H.R. 1408 require? Under H.R. 1408, regulators will have 
6 months to study and report back to Congress many outstanding questions about the mortgage servicing industry, including: 
One, the risk to banks and credit 
unions of holding mortgage servicing assets, MSAs; 
Two, how the assets performed dur-
ing the financial crisis; 
Three, the ability to establish a 
value and liquidity for MSAs; 
Four, the impact of imposing Basel 
III capital requirements on banks versus nonbank servicers; and Five, the impact to consumers and 
the ability of regulated banks to serv-ice mortgages that they originate. 
The mortgage servicing industry has 
shifted since the financial crisis of 2008, as Congresswoman W
ATERS mentioned. 
We have seen a significant sale of MSRs and MSAs from banks to nonbanks, including to specialty servicers, private equity firms, and hedge funds. 
In 2013, about $1.03 trillion of mort-
gage servicing rights were sold, with a vast majority going to nonbank serv-icing companies. Moreover, the per-centage of loans serviced by nonbanks has steadily increased from 12 percent to almost 31 percent. 
Now, why is the market shifting? While there are several factors for 
the growth in nonbank servicing activ-ity, I believe the primary driver has been the capital treatment of MSAs 
under the Basel III Accords. 
Basel III was always intended to 
apply to the largest, most inter-connected globally active banks, but the MSA capital treatment is actually having the greatest impact on our smaller community banks. 
Basel III caps the value of MSAs that 
depository institutions can count to-wards their tier 1 capital at 10 percent. Any MSAs that exceed the 10 percent threshold are subject to 100 percent risk weight, a standard that will in-crease to 250 percent by 2018. 
Why is this a concern? In addition to the capital treatment, 
there is a discrepancy between how banks and nonbank servicers are regu-lated. So there is additional regulation that comes down on the community banks while that same kind of regula-tion isn’t seen by the nonbank servicers. And if there were to be an-other sudden market disruption or downturn, it is important we under-stand if nonbank mortgage servicers have the capacity or the expertise to manage defaults or modifications. 
The Financial Stability Oversight 
Council, the FSOC, in its 2014 annual report specifically named the transfer of mortgage servicing rights to nonbanks as a ‘‘potential emerging threat.’’ 
The report says: ‘‘MSRs are increas-
ingly being transferred to nonbank mortgage servicing companies. While the CFPB and State regulators have some authority over these companies, many of them are not currently subject to prudential standards such as capital, liquidity, or risk management.’’ 
Adam Levitin, the Democratic wit-
ness at our hearing, spoke favorably and in support of the bill, saying: 
‘‘MSRs have traditionally been an 
important asset class for depositories, as their value provides a counter-cyclical offset to mortgage origination activity, and MSR accounting is sub-ject-enough to give depositories room to smooth their earnings. 
‘‘Basel III changes make MSRs an 
unattractive asset for banks.’’ 
Representative L
UETKEMEYER and I 
have questioned whether the pruden-tial regulators struck the right balance 
between limiting risk exposure and en-suring that depository institutions can still compete with the nonbank en-trants in the mortgage servicing arena. From the conversations we have had with the regulators, it is clear they did not study the specific capital treat-ment applied to MSAs and the impacts on consumers and the market. 
Banks want to continue servicing 
mortgages they originate and maintain these connections to their commu-nities, as Mr. H
ILLmentioned. How-
ever, if the current capital require-ments remain in effect, it would make it more and more difficult. 
Mr. Speaker, I will place in the 
R
ECORD two letters that we have re-
ceived—one dated July 13 from the American Bankers Association, the other dated July 14 from the National Association of Federal Credit Unions— in support of H.R. 1408. I am glad that we were able to seek and reach a com-promise on this bill. I urge the quick passage of H.R. 1408. 
AMERICAN BANKERS ASSOCIATION , 
July 13, 2015. 
Re: ABA Support for H.R. 1334, H.R. 1408 and 
H.R. 1529 
MEMBERS OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTA -
TIVES : On behalf of the members of the 
American Bankers Association (ABA), I am writing to express our strong support for three banking related measures that are scheduled for consideration on the House suspension calendar on Tuesday, July 14. 
H.R. 1334, the Holding Company Registra-
tion Threshold Equalization Act, introduced by Representatives Steve Womack (R-AR), Jim Himes (D-CT), Ann Wagner (R-MO) and John Delaney (D-MD), would extend to sav-ings and loan holding companies (SLHCs) the Securities and Exchange Commission share-holder registration and deregistration thresholds enacted under the JOBS Act. 
The JOBS Act did not expressly extend the 
new shareholder thresholds to savings and loan holding companies (SLHCs) as defined by the Home Owners Loan Act. However, Congress did not intend to treat SLHCs dif-ferently from bank and bank holding compa-nies. H.R. 1334 would correct this oversight and extend the shareholder registration and deregistration requirements to SLHCs. 
This bill passed the House Financial Serv-
ices Committee on May 20, 2015 by a vote of 60–0 and passed the full House last Congress by an overwhelming vote of 417–4. We urge the members to once again pass this legisla-tion. 
In addition, the House will consider H.R. 
1408, the Community Bank Mortgage Serv-icing Asset Capital Requirements Act of 2015 introduced by Representatives Ed Perl-mutter (D-CO) and Blaine Luetkemeyer (R- MO). This ABA supported legislation would defer implementation of the Basel III rules on mortgage servicing assets (‘‘MSAs’’) until the impact of the new rules can be studied and alternatives explored. 
Many banks that make mortgage loans 
also engage in servicing, which primarily consists of collecting mortgage payments and forwarding them to the ‘‘owner’’ of the loan; collecting insurance and tax payments; and addressing problems such as late pay-ments, delinquencies, and defaults. Banks commonly sell mortgage loans into the sec-ondary market but retain the right to serv-ice the loan (called ‘‘servicing retained’’). This strategy is an important way for banks to maintain valuable connections with their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:02 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.033 H14JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5140 July 14, 2015 
customers, while managing interest rate risk 
by selling long-term credit assets. 
Banks are retaining less mortgage serv-
icing due to Basel III’s unfavorable capital treatment of MSAs. As a result, Basel III is unintentionally increasing the concentration of servicing held by less regulated, non-bank firms such as mortgage companies, REITs, hedge funds, and private equity firms that are not subject to the new capital restric-tions. The long-term relationships that banks and their customers have established should not be penalized by Basel III’s puni-tive capital treatment of MSAs. 
Banks should be encouraged to service the 
loans that they make to their customers. This legislation stops the negative effects until the impact can be fully examined. The bill does not apply to the large international banks that Basel III was meant to address. 
H.R. 1408 passed the House Financial Serv-
ices Committee on March 26 by a strong bi-partisan vote of 49–9. ABA urges strong sup-port for this legislation. 
The House will also consider H.R. 1529, the 
Community Institution Mortgage Relief Act of 2015, introduced by Representatives Brad Sherman (D-CA) and Blaine Luetkemeyer (R-MO). This bipartisan legislation, which passed the House Financial Services Com-mittee by a vote of 48–10, would exempt from the escrow requirements imposed under the Dodd/Frank Act loans held by small credi-tors with less than $10 billion in assets. ABA supports the legislation’s expansion of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’s (CFPB) ‘‘small servicer’’ exemption to in-clude servicers that annually service 20,000 or fewer mortgage loans. These important exemptions recognize the strong history of small institutions in providing high-quality mortgage servicing, even with limited staff and resources of smaller institutions. 
Given their track record, small servicers 
should be incentivized to continue to service mortgage loans. Unfortunately, existing reg-ulations are having the opposite effect. The existing escrow rules have the potential to drive small creditors from the mortgage market because it is difficult, if not impos-sible, for them to provide escrow services in a cost effective manner. Further, imposing escrow requirements often runs counter to customer preference as many mortgage cus-tomers prefer to pay tax and insurance bills on their own and not establish escrow ac-counts. Without the exemptions provided in this legislation, customers of smaller insti-tutions will face higher costs to offset the cost of compliance for a service which they do not in some cases even want. Worse, some customers will face fewer credit choices as small local lenders choose to exit the mort-gage market rather than incur the added staffing and technical expenses of adding es-crow services. This is an important piece of legislation and ABA urges the House to pass H.R. 1529. 
J
AMES BALLENTINE , 
Executive Vice President, Congressional 
Relations and Political Affairs. 
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF  
FEDERAL CREDIT UNIONS , 
Arlington, VA, July 14, 2015. 
Re: Support for the Mortgage Servicing 
Asset Capital Requirements Act of 2015 (H.R. 1408) 
Hon. J
OHNBOEHNER , 
Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , 
Minority Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR SPEAKER BOEHNER AND LEADER  
PELOSI : On behalf of the National Associa-
tion of Federal Credit Unions (NAFCU), the only trade association exclusively rep-
resenting the federal interests of our na-tion’s federally insured credit unions, I write today to urge your support of the Mortgage Servicing Asset Capital Requirements Act of 2015 (H.R. 1408), as amended, when it comes to the House floor. This bipartisan measure introduced by Representatives Perlmutter and Luetkemeyer would, among other things, ensure that the National Credit Union Administration (NCUA) study its sec-ond risk-based capital proposal’s impact on credit union mortgage servicing assets. 
As you know, NAFCU has concerns about 
many aspects of the NCUA’s risk-based cap-ital proposal including the portion relative to mortgage servicing assets which has a risk weight of 250 percent. NAFCU believes this is artificially high and a risk weight of 150 percent is more appropriate. This portion of the proposal is indicative of much larger issues with NCUA’s proposal and NAFCU continues to believe it is a solution in search of a problem. In short, this entire proposal should be withdrawn until adequate cost- benefit analysis is done to determine the im-pact it will have on credit union lending and job creation. While NAFCU does not oppose a risk-based capital regime for credit unions, it must be done properly through statue with ample Congressional input. 
Not only does NAFCU urge passage of H.R. 
1408 to look at the mortgage servicing assets portion of the NCUA’s risk-based capital pro-posal, but we also encourage the House to support and schedule action on the Risk- Based Capital Study Act of 2015 (H.R. 2769). This bipartisan legislation, introduced by Representatives Fincher, Posey and Denny Heck, would require NCUA to study the full impact of the entire risk-based capital pro-posal on credit unions and report back to Congress before taking any final action on the proposal. 
Again, thank you for scheduling the con-
sideration of the Mortgage Servicing Asset Capital Requirements Act (H.R. 1408) on the floor this week. We urge strong support for this legislation and hope the appropriate capital requirements for credit unions con-tinue to be a focus in the House during this Congress. 
Sincerely, 
B
RADTHALER , 
Vice President of Legislative Affairs. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I 
just want to reiterate my support and thanks for the hard work of the gen-tleman from Colorado. He has been a leader on this issue, and certainly it has been a pleasure to work with him. 
I urge passage of H.R. 1408, and I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. L
UETKEMEYER ) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1408, as 
amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
The title of the bill was amended so 
as to read: ‘‘A bill to require certain Federal banking agencies to conduct a study of the appropriate capital re-quirements for mortgage servicing as-sets for banking institutions, and for other purposes.’’. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. SBIC ADVISERS RELIEF ACT OF 
2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 432) to amend the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 to prevent duplica-tive regulation of advisers of small business investment companies. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 432 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘SBIC Advis-
ers Relief Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. ADVISERS OF SBICS AND VENTURE CAP-
ITAL FUNDS. 
Section 203(l) of the Investment Advisers 
Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80b–3(l)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘No investment adviser’’ 
and inserting the following: 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—No investment adviser’’; 
and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) A
DVISERS OF SBICS .—For purposes of 
this subsection, a venture capital fund in-cludes an entity described in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) of subsection (b)(7) (other than an entity that has elected to be regu-lated or is regulated as a business develop-ment company pursuant to section 54 of the Investment Company Act of 1940).’’. 
SEC. 3. ADVISERS OF SBICS AND PRIVATE FUNDS. 
Section 203(m) of the Investment Advisers 
Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80b–3(m)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(3) A
DVISERS OF SBICS .—For purposes of 
this subsection, the assets under manage-ment of a private fund that is an entity de-scribed in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) of subsection (b)(7) (other than an entity that has elected to be regulated or is regulated as a business development company pursuant to section 54 of the Investment Company Act of 1940) shall be excluded from the limit set 
forth in paragraph (1).’’. 
SEC. 4. RELATIONSHIP TO STATE LAW. 
Section 203A(b)(1) of the Investment Advis-
ers Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80b–3a(b)(1)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘or’’ at 
the end; 
(2) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) that is not registered under section 
203 because that person is exempt from reg-istration as provided in subsection (b)(7) of such section, or is a supervised person of such person.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. L
UETKEMEYER ) and the 
gentlewoman from California (Ms. M
AXINE WATERS ) each will control 20 
minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Missouri. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on this bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Missouri? 
There was no objection. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:02 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY7.020 H14JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5141 July 14, 2015 
I rise today in support of H.R. 432, 
the SBIC Advisers Relief Act. This leg-islation allows for commonsense changes that will ultimately allow for greater small business capital forma-tion and job creation. 
The SBIC Advisers Relief Act stream-
lines the registration and reporting re-quirements for advisers to small busi-ness investment companies, or SBICs. These are advisers to investment funds that make long-term investments in United States small businesses and have to the tune of more than $63 bil-lion since 1958. 
SBICs are heavily regulated and 
closely supervised by the U.S. Small Business Administration, and they have been for more than 55 years. The existing regulatory regime surrounding SBICs includes an in-depth examina-tion of management, strong invest-ment rules, numerous operation re-quirements, recordkeeping, examina-tion and reporting mandates, and con-flict of interest rules. These entities and the management of these entities are anything but unregulated. 
This robust regulatory framework 
has been well-recognized by Congress. 
The intent of Congress in including certain exemptions in Dodd-Frank was to reduce the regulatory burden on smaller funds and SBICs. However, the law has resulted in some unintended consequences that need to be ad-dressed. 
The SBIC Advisers Relief Act does 
three things: 
One, it allows advisers that jointly 
advise SBICs and venture funds to be exempt from registration, combining two separate exemptions that exist: one for advisers of SBICs and a sepa-rate one for advisers of venture funds; 
Two, it excludes SBIC assets from 
the SEC’s assets under management threshold calculation; and 
Three, it exempts from State regula-
tion advisers of SBIC funds with less than $90 million in assets under man-agement, leaving those entities to be regulated by the SBA, as they are today. 
Mr. Speaker, I think we can all agree 
that these changes are common sense. This legislation is not only broadly bi-partisan, but it also includes changes suggested by the SEC. 
Most importantly, the bill is com-
prised of sensible provisions that pre-vent redundant regulatory mandates and allow for greater investment in America’s small businesses. 
The Financial Services Committee 
has thoroughly examined this bipar-tisan legislation in both a legislative hearing and a markup. H.R. 432 passed the committee by a vote of 53–0 in May. Identical legislation passed the House last year by a voice vote. 
I want to thank the gentlewoman 
from New York (Mrs. C
AROLYN B. 
MALONEY ) for her help on the bill. 
I urge support of H.R. 432, and I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am once again pleased 
to support this bill related to small business capital formation. This legis-lation has broad bipartisan support and clarifies the intent of Congress when we passed Dodd-Frank. 
H.R. 432, which Representatives 
L
UETKEMEYER and M ALONEY worked on 
in a bipartisan fashion, exempts advis-ers to small business investment com-panies, or SBICs, from registration with the SEC in cases where they are inappropriately being required to do so. 
Under the Dodd-Frank Act, Congress 
explicitly exempted advisers to SBIC funds and advisers to venture capital funds from registration. However, the SEC has interpreted the language in the act as still requiring registration if a fund’s adviser advises both. 
b1415 
This, to me, is not consistent with 
the act, and I applaud the authors of this bill for solving this problem. 
This bill would also exclude SBIC 
fund assets from the calculation of fund assets triggering the $150 million registration threshold, another provi-sion I believe is reasonable. 
The SBIC program was created in 
1958 to help small businesses grow. It is a self-funded program and has provided needed capital to communities via the partnership between the Small Busi-ness Administration and private busi-nesses. 
I am also comfortable with the ex-
emptions provided in this legislation because the SBA actively oversees SBICs, ensures compliance, and re-stricts leverage. I am pleased that we are able to work together in this com-mittee to ensure the continued vitality of this longstanding program. 
Last Congress, I met with an SBIC 
located just outside of my district, Es-calate Capital Partners, which finances technology firms. Since 2010, the firm has financed 27 companies and in-creased its payroll by 2,000 jobs. 
However, this firm is being inadvert-
ently caught up in unnecessary SEC registration because, with SBIC assets under management being counted, it exceeds the $150 million exemption threshold we established in Dodd- Frank. 
Without undermining the key sys-
temic risk and investment protection requirements we established under Dodd-Frank, H.R. 432 provides Escalate Capital Partners and similarly situated SBICs with targeted relief. 
So I applaud the bipartisan coauthors 
and urge Members to support this bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. G
ARRETT ), a member of the Financial 
Services Committee and distinguished chairman of the Capital Markets and Government Sponsored Enterprises Subcommittee. 
Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
support of H.R. 432, the SBIC Advisers Relief Act. First I want to say thank you to the 
gentleman from Missouri (Mr. L
UETKE -
MEYER ) for his hard work and leader-
ship on this issue, among others, and on the legislation, which passed out of the Financial Services Committee unanimously this past May. 
And what would it do? It would fix 
yet another unintended consequence of the Dodd-Frank Act, an interpretation of the bill that would require unneces-sary and costly registration of invest-ment advisers who all play a very crit-ical role in our economy today. 
You see, the Dodd-Frank Act amend-
ed the private fund exemption under the Advisers Act to include an explicit exemption for advisers to both venture capital funds as well as advisers to Small Business Investment Companies, SBICs. 
Whatever the merits of changing the 
private fund exemption in this way, Congress very clearly intended to ex-empt advisers to such funds from the burdens and the added costs associated with yet another SEC registration. 
Unfortunately, due to the way the 
legislation text has been interpreted, someone who happens to advise both a venture capital fund and, also, an SBIC is being required now to also register with the SEC. This makes absolutely no sense and is clearly contradictory to the statutory language. 
There is no valid argument or reason 
to require an adviser to register simply because they happen to advise both a venture capital fund and an SBIC. You see, such a requirement would not in any way enhance investor protection or promote capital formation. 
It is also important to note that 
SBICs are already overseen and exam-ined by the Small Business Adminis-tration; so registration with the SEC would not only be unnecessary, but du-plicative as well. 
So why is all of this important? Why 
do we have the legislation here today? 
Well, according to the Small Business Investor Alliance, initial registration costs with the SEC are estimated to be in excess of $100,000 a year and annual costs can run up to $250,000 a year. That is money. That is money that could otherwise be used for salaries and hiring more people and in helping the economy. 
In conclusion, it is important to keep 
in mind that the small businesses that we are talking about often don’t have an array of lawyers or compliance spe-cialists to deal with registration and oversight from the SEC. Oftentimes these are businesses that only have a handful of employees. 
Again, I thank the gentleman from 
Missouri (Mr. L
UETKEMEYER ) and all 
my colleagues on the other side of the aisle on the Financial Services Com-mittee who support this. I urge passage of the underlying bill. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY ). 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. I thank the ranking member for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:02 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.037 H14JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5142 July 14, 2015 
yielding and for her leadership on this 
committee and in so many other areas. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of H.R. 432, the SBIC Advisers Relief Act. And I am pleased to be an original sponsor of this bill along with my col-league, the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. L
UETKEMEYER ), a tremendous 
leader on the Financial Services Com-mittee not only on this bill, but in so many other areas. 
The SBIC Advisers Relief Act fixes a 
truly unintended consequence of Dodd- Frank. Under Dodd-Frank, an invest-ment adviser that only advises a ven-ture capital fund is exempt from SEC registration. 
Likewise, an investment adviser that 
only advises Small Business Invest-ment Companies, or SBICs, is also ex-empt. But an investment adviser that advises both a venture capital fund and an SBIC is not exempt for some reason. 
This makes no sense, and it provides 
no additional protections for investors. Moreover, it discourages investment advisers who may have experience ad-vising successful venture capital funds that have invested in larger, more ma-ture enterprises from bringing their ex-pertise to SBICs who want to invest in similar startups. This ultimately re-stricts small businesses’ access to much-needed investment capital. 
Our bill fixes this problem by clari-
fying that investment advisers that ad-vise both venture funds and SBICs are also exempt from SEC registration. 
This fix does not pose any investor 
protection concerns because SBICs are already subject to strict oversight by the Small Business Administration, which supports SBICs by providing a guarantee on funds used by SBICs to invest in other small businesses. 
The SBIC program has a long history 
of success and has provided early-stage financing for companies that have since grown to become worldwide icons, such as Apple, Intel, and Staples. 
This bill is identical to a bill that 
passed the House by voice vote last Congress, and it passed unanimously in the Financial Services Committee ear-lier this year. I, therefore, urge my col-leagues to support H.R. 432. 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL), who is a member of the Finan-
cial Services Committee. 
Mr. HILL. I thank Chairman L UETKE -
MEYER . 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of H.R. 432, the SBIC Advisers Relief Act. This commonsense bill eliminates costly, confusing, and duplicative regu-lations by State and Federal govern-ments on Small Business Investment Companies, SBICs, like Diamond State Ventures and McLarty Capital Part-ners in Little Rock, Arkansas, by cor-recting the unintended consequence of drafting in the Dodd-Frank Act. 
Diamond State, which was named 
SBIC of the year in 2011 by the Small Business Administration, has made over 18 investments in small businesses in my State, employing over 2,300 Ar-
kansans and investing over $40 million in Arkansas businesses. 
SBICs are already heavily regulated 
by the SBA and provide significant, long-term investments in small busi-nesses across the USA. 
While Dodd-Frank exempted advisers 
that solely advise SBIC funds from reg-istering with the SEC, it was silent on the concept of State regulation of Fed-erally licensed SBIC funds, creating confusion and requiring this action today. It is going to save money, legal fees, accounting fees, and make our SBICs much more cost-effective. 
With that, I thank Chairman 
L
UETKEMEYER and our colleagues for 
their work on this issue and urge my colleagues to support the bill. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I 
just want to thank the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. C
AROLYN B. 
MALONEY ) for her hard work in helping 
cosponsor this bill, Ranking Member W
ATERS , as well as the gentleman from 
Arkansas (Mr. H ILL) and the gentleman 
from New Jersey (Mr. G ARRETT ) for 
their support and kind words. I ask for support for H.R. 432. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
D
UNCAN of Tennessee). The question is 
on the motion offered by the gen-tleman from Missouri (Mr. L
UETKE -
MEYER ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 432. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
HOLDING COMPANY REGISTRA-
TION THRESHOLD EQUALIZATION ACT OF 2015 
Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1334) to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to make the shareholder threshold for registration of savings and loan holding companies the same as for bank holding compa-nies. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1334 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Holding 
Company Registration Threshold Equali-zation Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. REGISTRATION THRESHOLD FOR SAV-
INGS AND LOAN HOLDING COMPA-NIES. 
The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 
U.S.C. 78a et seq.) is amended— 
(1) in section 12(g)— (A) in paragraph (1)(B), by inserting after 
‘‘is a bank’’ the following: ‘‘, a savings and loan holding company (as defined in section 10 of the Home Owners’ Loan Act),’’; and (B) in paragraph (4), by inserting after 
‘‘case of a bank’’ the following: ‘‘, a savings and loan holding company (as defined in sec-tion 10 of the Home Owners’ Loan Act),’’; and 
(2) in section 15(d), by striking ‘‘case of 
bank’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘case of a bank, a savings and loan holding company (as defined in section 10 of the Home Owners’ Loan Act),’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. H
URT) and the gentle-
woman from California (Ms. M AXINE  
WATERS ) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on this bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? 
There was no objection. Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 
1334, the Holding Company Registra-tion Threshold Equalization Act. 
I would like to thank Representa-
tives W
OMACK , H IMES, W AGNER , and 
DELANEY for their bipartisan work to 
achieve a unanimous vote in the Finan-cial Services Committee. 
H.R. 1334 provides a technical correc-
tion to the JOBS Act in the truest sense of the term. The JOBS Act up-dated the shareholder threshold for bank holding companies to register and deregister under the Securities Ex-change Act to 2,000 shareholders and 1,200 shareholders respectively. 
However, due to a technical over-
sight, the statute did not specifically extend the same treatment to savings and loan holding companies, despite their being similarly organized to bank holding companies. 
Since the enactment of the JOBS 
Act, dozens of bank holding companies have taken advantage of these provi-sions while savings and loan holding companies have been forced to wait for action from Congress to correct the error. 
By putting savings and loan holding 
companies on par with banks, H.R. 1334 provides these institutions the same flexibility as banks to reduce their SEC-related compliance costs and bet-ter deploy capital throughout their communities. H.R. 1334 is identical to legislation that received 417 votes in the House last Congress. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in 
supporting this commonsense, bipar-tisan legislation. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, it is my understanding 
that this bill addresses an oversight in the JOBS Act that established new, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:02 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.038 H14JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5143 July 14, 2015 
higher thresholds for registration, ter-
mination of registration, and suspen-sion of public reporting for banks and bank holding companies, but not for savings and loan companies. 
In the JOBS Act, we recognized that 
banks and bank holding companies were inadvertently becoming public companies by virtue of their securities being distributed to a larger number of shareholders than permitted under the securities laws, even though these in-stitutions were largely held within their own communities. 
Accordingly, we provided banks and 
bank holding companies with regu-latory relief by raising the thresholds that trigger public company reporting. 
H.R. 1334 would extend this relief to 
savings and loan companies which, like banks and bank holding companies, are still subject to mandatory public re-porting requirements by the banking regulators; so information will con-tinue to be available to shareholders and the public. 
Last Congress, we passed this non-
controversial bill out of committee and on the House floor. Since that time, the Securities and Exchange Commis-sion has, under its own authority, pro-posed to extend the JOBS Act provi-sion to savings and loan companies. 
b1415 
The SEC estimates that approxi-
mately 90 of the 125 savings and loan holding companies that have a class of registered securities would be eligible to terminate registration or suspend reporting under its proposal. 
I am pleased to support this bill, 
which will extend the benefits we pro-vide in the JOBS Act to those 90 com-panies that represent an additional class of community banks. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. W
OMACK ). 
Mr. WOMACK. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the manager of this legislation for the time. I would like to also thank Chair-man H
ENSARLING and the entire Finan-
cial Services Committee for, yet again, ensuring that this bill, the Holding Company Registration Threshold Equalization Act, is put in front of the full House and sent on to the Senate. 
I would also like to express my grati-
tude to my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, Representative H
IMES, Rep-
resentative W AGNER , and Representa-
tive D ELANEY , for their continued ef-
forts to codify this necessary JOBS Act clarification. 
Mr. Speaker, this is the third time 
that I have come to the floor to speak on this truly bipartisan bill, and it is unfortunate that we are still without a successful resolution to the problem because we can all agree that small community banks and savings and loan holding companies were not the cause of the financial crisis. They shouldn’t be treated as if they were. That is exactly why the House and 
Senate eliminated some of the unnec-essary burdens placed on our small lenders by passing the JOBS Act in the 112th Congress. However, the JOBS Act, which raised the registration threshold and decreased deregistration threshold for bank holding companies, unfortunately didn’t explicitly do so for savings and loan holding companies as well. Mr. Speaker, this was an over-sight. 
Thanks to the oversight, savings and 
loan holding companies are still having to spend their resources to comply with regulations intended for larger banks, instead of sharing the same ability bank and bank holding compa-nies have been granted to focus on serving the lending needs of their com-munities. 
A cosponsor of the JOBS Act, I can 
say with absolute certainty that ex-cluding savings and loan holding com-panies was not our intent. H.R. 1334 would correct this oversight and would simply ensure that savings and loan holding companies are treated in the same manner as bank and bank holding companies, something my colleagues confidently affirmed when this bill passed in the 113th Congress 417–4. 
Mr. Speaker, they say the third time 
is the charm. I am hopeful that, with the Senate’s newfound leadership, we will finally get this bill where it needs to be, on the President’s desk. 
I urge my colleagues to help me get 
it there by supporting the passage of H.R. 1334. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I am very pleased to stand here with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle today to support so many pieces of legislation that have come out of the Financial Services Committee. 
I have always said with Dodd-Frank, 
where there were technical problems or oversights or unintended consequences, that I would work with my colleagues on the opposite side of the aisle, and much of what you see here today, that is what we have done. 
Just as there may have been some 
unintended consequences in Dodd- Frank, we find that with the JOBS Act, there were unintended consequences; and certainly, I stand with them in correcting those. It could happen in any legislation; we know that. This is an example of that. I am very, very pleased to support this legislation today. 
I reserve the balance of my time at 
this moment. 
Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. G
ARRETT ), the chairman of the Capital 
Markets Subcommittee. 
Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman for his work on this. I also thank Mr. W
OMACK and Mr. H IMES 
of Connecticut for all of their work on H.R. 1334. 
I am thankful for the great bipar-
tisan message that we just heard from the ranking member as well on the 
JOBS Act, and I will look forward to working with her even more for those technical corrections on the Dodd- Frank piece of legislation. I am look-ing forward to doing that going for-ward. 
As she says, there is little doubt that 
the JOBS Act did have a positive im-pact upon our economy, as evidenced by the boost in initial public offerings since 2012 and the number of compa-nies, both public and private, that are taking advantage of some of the law’s provisions right now. 
Title VI of the JOBS Act included an 
important provision that the gentle-woman talked about, that increased the outdated shareholder thresholds that determined just when banks and bank holding companies have to reg-ister with the SEC. 
These thresholds, by the way, they 
have been around for a long time. They haven’t been changed for over four dec-ades. What they were doing is they were basically forcing the smaller com-panies, the small banks, to register as full reporting companies with the SEC, and that is really a very costly burden on them. It is very often the case that it is inappropriate for small lenders who are already regulated and exam-ined by a series of bank regulators. 
As the gentlewoman points out, we 
had a slight oversight in the drafting of the JOBS Act. The SEC, at first, they did not include savings and loans com-panies under the updated threshold; and this made no sense, particularly when considering that S&Ls perform largely the same functions as banks and are overseen by the same regu-lators. 
With few exceptions, S&Ls tend to be 
generally small institutions that serve the local communities. This registra-tion with the SEC would have had the ultimate effect of raising the cost of lending to families and small busi-nesses. 
This would be the exact opposite of 
what the JOBS Act intended. The un-derlying legislation would make a technical correction to the JOBS Act. It would ensure that the S&Ls are able to take advantage of the new provi-sions of the law. 
One final point, while the SEC, last 
December, proposed to include S&Ls under the new thresholds, a regulation that can be taken away at any moment is no substitute for what we have here, statutory text. Congress has a clear role here to step in and fix the issue. 
Again, I thank Mr. W
OMACK and Mr. 
HIMES for their work in fixing that 
issue; and I urge passage of the under-lying legislation. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I 
want to thank the chairman of the Subcommittee on Capital Markets for his leadership on this. I want to thank the ranking member for her spirit of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:02 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.041 H14JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5144 July 14, 2015 
bipartisan cooperation in fixing this 
part of the JOBS Act. 
In conclusion, it is my hope that this 
House will pass this good, common-sense measure. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in support of H.R. 1334, the Holding Company Registration Threshold Equalization Act of 2015. 
In 2012, Congress raised the threshold 
number of shareholders a bank can have be-fore they must register with Securities and Ex-change Commission from 500 to 2,000. 
At the same time, Congress raised the 
threshold for bank shareholders from 300 to 1,200 before a bank could deregister for the Securities and Exchange Commission and convert to a private bank. 
However, due to a drafting oversight, these 
raised thresholds currently do not apply to savings and loan institutions. 
These institutions are vital for the continued 
development and growth of our economy. 
For a large segment of American home-
owners, savings and loan institutions are the primary source of financial assistance for pur-chasing a home. 
Some would say that the structure in which 
these companies are built is the same struc-ture that our country was built. They are gen-erally locally owned and privately managed; and communities use these businesses as a savings institution and use these funds to help other individuals in the community construct, purchase, repair, or refinance their home. 
With a locally owned, community driven 
foundation, it is wrong to subject these busi-nesses to the same level of oversight and reg-ulation as a large bank without affording them the same registration and deregistration thresholds. 
I support this bill because I believe Con-
gress must use every effort to build up the American people on a local level. We are not going to grow our economy from Washington, D.C., but we can create an environment on a state and local level that empowers Americans to grow themselves. 
I would like to thank my colleague from Ar-
kansas, Mr. W
OMACK , for his hard work on this 
issue and I urge my colleagues to support this bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. H
URT) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, H.R. 1334. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
SMALL COMPANY SIMPLE 
REGISTRATION ACT OF 2015 
Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1723) to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to revise Form S–1 so as to permit smaller re-porting companies to use forward in-corporation by reference for such form. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 1723 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of 
Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Small Com-
pany Simple Registration Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. FORWARD INCORPORATION BY REF-
ERENCE FOR FORM S–1. 
Not later than 45 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Securities and Exchange Commission shall revise Form S–1 so as to permit a smaller reporting company (as defined in section 230.405 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations) to incorporate by reference in a registration statement filed on such form any documents that such company files with the Commission after the effective date of such registration statement. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. H
URT) and the gentle-
woman from California (Ms. M AXINE  
WATERS ) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on this bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? 
There was no objection. Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 
1723, the Small Company Simple Reg-istration Act. I would like to thank Representative W
AGNER and Represent-
ative S EWELL for their efforts to suc-
cessfully move this legislation through the Financial Services Committee on a unanimous, bipartisan vote. 
H.R. 1723 simplifies the registration 
process by amending the SEC’s form S– 1 registration statement, the basic reg-istration form for new securities offer-ings, to allow smaller reporting compa-nies to incorporate by reference any documents filed with the SEC after the effective date of the form S–1. 
This forward incorporation by ref-
erence eliminates the need for filing excessive paperwork with each subse-quent filing, thereby lowering compli-ance costs associated with filing redun-dant paperwork. Streamlining this re-quirement allows eligible companies to direct more resources to growing their business. 
H.R. 1723 is consistent with the rec-
ommendations of the SEC’s Govern-ment-Business Forum on Small Busi-ness Capital Formation final report and has been endorsed by several wit-nesses before the Capital Markets Sub-committee. 
For example, Tom Quaadman of the 
United States Chamber of Commerce testified that, by enacting H.R. 1723, smaller companies can use forward in-corporation as a way to streamline dis-closures and get the information to in-vestors without repetitive disclosures. He went on to say that the explosion of 
disclosures for smaller companies isn’t providing material information to in-vestors. 
Additionally, Professor John Coffee 
with Columbia University Law School previously testified that, for some time, the SEC’s Government-Business Forum on Small Business Capital For-mation has called for changes to per-mit smaller reporting companies that have filed a form S–1 to incorporate, by reference, documents filed with the SEC. I believe this one does have real efficiency justifications and could help smaller issuers. 
H.R. 1723 is a commonsense update to 
our securities laws that will more ap-propriately tailor their requirement for smaller companies. I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 1723. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1723, the Small 
Company Simple Registration Act of 2015 is a commonsense provision to help smaller companies avoid having to obtain an audit related to a filing that is itself already audited. The bill would no longer require a company to amend 
its registration statement when it issues a quarterly or annual filing. 
Although one witness noted the con-
cern that all information would no longer be reflected in a single docu-ment, she recommended that the SEC’s public filing system be improved and that the issuer be required to post the registration statement on its Web site, complete with hyperlinks to the docu-ments that are incorporated by ref-erence. This seems like a reasonable approach. I believe that the SEC can do both and likely would if H.R. 1723 is passed. 
This one change has the potential to 
help companies save $10,000, and with all SEC filings able to be quickly found online, it does not diminish investor protections in any way. 
Last Congress, this provision was un-
fortunately attached to a larger bill that did not make a lot of sense. I am glad to see it has now been offered on its own, as I think it now has a much better likelihood of moving to the President’s desk. I certainly support the adoption of this bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. W
AGNER ), who is the author of this bill. 
Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
my colleague, Mr. H URT, for yielding. 
I am glad that the House is taking up 
H.R. 1723, the Small Company Simple Registration Act, which will take a much-needed step in helping remove fi-nancial barriers and make it more effi-cient for small businesses to go public. 
This bipartisan legislation, which I 
have sponsored with Ms. T
ERRI SEWELL  
from Alabama and which was approved by the House Financial Services Com-mittee on a completely unanimous 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:02 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.042 H14JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5145 July 14, 2015 
vote of 60–0, would make a simple 
change in the basic registration form for new securities offerings, the form S–1. 
Specifically, it would allow smaller 
reporting companies to incorporate by reference any documents filed with the SEC after the effective date, which means that those companies will not have to go through the trouble of re-filing the form S–1 again and again. 
b1430 
This will have a profound impact on 
these small companies by cutting com-pliance costs, as they will not have to file redundant paperwork and wait on the SEC to approve their filing in order to raise capital and grow their small business. 
Small companies are increasingly 
leading the way in terms of techno-logical innovation and job creation but consistently struggle with finding ade-quate access to capital in order to grow their business. It is a fact that small businesses are the main driver of eco-nomic growth in our country, as they create more jobs than any other busi-ness sector in America. 
In fact, the Kauffman Foundation, 
which is a nonprofit economic resource organization based in Kansas City, Mis-souri, estimated in 2010 that startups create an average of 3 million jobs an-nually and stated: ‘‘Without startups, there would be no net job growth in the U.S. economy.’’ It is clear that we must empower small businesses with every avenue to grow and, therefore, create jobs. 
For many small businesses looking 
to take the next step in expanding, going public is an attractive option that grants them access to the capital markets and allows them to issue stock to a wider range of investors. However, the ‘‘price of admission’’ for this avenue to raising capital is contin-ually increasing through the amount of compliance and red tape required. For many, it simply is not worth it. 
Indeed, our securities laws are struc-
tured today in a way that favors large companies over small startups, which are struggling to gain market share, by increasingly requiring more legal com-pliance and providing exemptions for companies over certain revenue thresh-olds. 
The JOBS Act from 2012 made many 
improvements to this system and pro-vided small companies additional ac-cess to the equity markets. My bill, the Small Company Simple Registration Act, expands upon the progress of the JOBS Act by making securities reg-istration forms more efficient for the main driver of our economy, small business. 
During a hearing before the House 
Financial Services Committee earlier this year, a representative of BIO, Mr. Kovacs from PTC Therapeutics, testi-fied about their experiences with doing a follow-on offering inside of a year of their IPO using form S–1. Ultimately, they had to go and update the entire S– 1, which is a process that took weeks of 
work and required help from outside legal counsel. 
If the ‘‘forward incorporation by ref-
erence’’ provision from H.R. 1723 had been in place, they could simply in-clude a reference to any additional doc-umentation filed alongside their origi-nal S–1 form, which would have taken much less time and required signifi-cantly less legal help. 
Additionally, investors would still be 
protected by having access to all need-ed information from the S–1 form, as well as any additional documentation. 
I would like to close by urging sup-
port for this commonsense and strong bipartisan piece of legislation that would streamline the paperwork that small businesses are required to file. This is something that the SEC’s own working group on small business cap-ital formation has recommended for several years now, but which the SEC itself has failed to act upon. 
Furthermore, this piece of legislation 
passed the committee earlier this year on a unanimous vote 60–0. 
I urge passage of this legislation. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I am pleased to also support this leg-
islation. This bipartisan legislation is another example of how we can work together on the Financial Services Committee on behalf of small busi-nesses in this country. 
Both Democrats and Republicans 
have said over and over again that we must do everything that we can to sup-port our small businesses. That is from capital formation to making sure that we get rid of bureaucratic rules and regulations. 
Again, this is another great example 
of that, and I am pleased to be a part of that. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I would, again, like to thank the 
ranking member for working together on this piece of bipartisan legislation. 
I also want to thank the chairman, 
Chairman H
ENSARLING , as well as Rep-
resentative W AGNER and Representa-
tive S EWELL , for their laser focus on 
streamlining SEC regulations that are unnecessary and costly while still maintaining a rock-solid commitment to investor protection. It is my hope the House will adopt this measure. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. H
URT) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, H.R. 1723. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
SWAP DATA REPOSITORY AND 
CLEARINGHOUSE INDEMNIFICA-TION CORRECTION ACT OF 2015 
Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1847) to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the Com-modity Exchange Act to repeal the in-demnification requirements for regu-latory authorities to obtain access to swap data required to be provided by swaps entities under such Acts, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1847 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Swap Data 
Repository and Clearinghouse Indemnifica-tion Correction Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. REPEAL OF INDEMNIFICATION REQUIRE-
MENTS. 
(a) D ERIVATIVES CLEARING ORGANIZA -
TIONS .—Section 5b(k)(5) of the Commodity 
Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 7a–1(k)(5)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(5) C
ONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT .—Before 
the Commission may share information with any entity described in paragraph (4), the Commission shall receive a written agree-ment from each entity stating that the enti-ty shall abide by the confidentiality require-ments described in section 8 relating to the information on swap transactions that is provided.’’. 
(b) S
WAP DATA REPOSITORIES .—Section 21 
of such Act (7 U.S.C. 24a) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (c)(7)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A), by striking ‘‘all’’ and inserting ‘‘swap’’; and 
(B) in subparagraph (E)— (i) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; and 
(ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) other foreign authorities; and’’; and (2) by striking subsection (d) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(d) C
ONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT .—Before 
the swap data repository may share informa-tion with any entity described in subsection (c)(7), the swap data repository shall receive a written agreement from each entity stat-ing that the entity shall abide by the con-fidentiality requirements described in sec-tion 8 relating to the information on swap transactions that is provided.’’. 
(c) S
ECURITY -BASED SWAP DATA REPOSI -
TORIES .—Section 13(n)(5) of the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934 25 (15 U.S.C. 78m(n)(5)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (G)— (A) in the matter preceding clause (i), by 
striking ‘‘all’’ and inserting ‘‘security-based swap’’; and 
(B) in subclause (v)— (i) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘; and’’ 
and inserting a semicolon; 
(ii) in subclause (III), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(IV) other foreign authorities.’’; and (2) by striking subparagraph (H) and in-
serting the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:19 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.044 H14JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5146 July 14, 2015 
‘‘(H) C ONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT .—Before 
the security-based swap data repository may share information with any entity described in subparagraph (G), the security-based swap data repository shall receive a written agree-ment from each entity stating that the enti-ty shall abide by the confidentiality require-ments described in section 24 relating to the information on security-based swap trans-actions that is provided.’’. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this Act shall take effect as if en-acted as part of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Pub-lic Law 111–203) on July 21, 2010. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. H
URT) and the gentle-
woman from California (Ms. M AXINE  
WATERS ) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and to include extraneous mate-rial on the bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? 
There was no objection. Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent to yield all re-maining time to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT) and ask 
unanimous consent that he be allowed to control the time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? 
There was no objection. Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise today in support of H.R. 1847, 
the Swap Data Repository and Clear-inghouse Indemnification Correction Act of 2015. 
I want to thank Mr. H
URTand Chair-
man H ENSARLING for allowing the Agri-
culture Committee to manage time with them today. The members of our committee have always appreciated the close working relationship that we have with the Financial Services Com-mittee on these financial and regu-latory issues. 
H.R. 1847 is a targeted correction to 
remove barriers to information shar-ing. Dodd-Frank currently requires in-demnification agreements from foreign regulators requesting information from U.S. swap data repositories or deriva-tives clearing organizations. 
The agreements state that the for-
eign regulators will abide by certain confidentiality requirements and in-demnify the U.S. commissions for any expenses arising from litigation relat-ing to the request for information. 
Unfortunately, the concept of indem-
nification does not exist in many for-eign jurisdictions. Therefore, some for-eign regulators cannot agree to these requirements. This may hinder our ability to make workable data sharing arrangements with those regulators and, ultimately, fragment the market-
place by encouraging them to establish their own data repositories. 
H.R. 1847 addresses this potential 
data sharing problem by removing the indemnification requirements from current law, while maintaining exist-ing provisions requiring confidentiality obligations. 
This technical correction has been a 
longstanding priority for Congress. Similar legislation passed the House in the 113th Congress by a vote of 420–2 and passed the House again this year as part of H.R. 37, the Promoting Job Cre-ation and Reducing Small Business Burdens Act. 
Additionally, this identical language 
was included in H.R. 2289, the Com-modity End-User Relief Act, after a small technical change was offered by Ms. M
OORE and Mr. C RAWFORD and ac-
cepted by the House. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in 
supporting H.R. 1847 to ensure that reg-ulators and market participants have access to a global set of swap market data. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , 
Washington, DC, July 13, 2015. 
Hon. J EBHENSARLING , 
Chairman, Committee on Financial Services, 
House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
DEARCHAIRMAN HENSARLING : I am writing 
concerning H.R. 1847, the ‘‘Swap Data Repos-itory and Clearinghouse Indemnification Correction Act of 2015.’’ 
This legislation contains provisions within 
the Committee on Agriculture’s Rule X ju-risdiction. As a result of your having con-sulted with the Committee and in order to expedite this bill for floor consideration, the Committee on Agriculture will forego action on the bill. This is being done on the basis of our mutual understanding that doing so will in no way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Committee on Agriculture with re-spect to the appointment of conferees, or to any future jurisdictional claim over the sub-ject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation. 
I would appreciate your response to this 
letter confirming this understanding, and would request that you include a copy of this letter and your response in the Committee Report and in the Congressional Record dur-ing the floor consideration of this bill. Thank you in advance for your cooperation. 
Sincerely, 
K. M
ICHAEL CONAWAY , 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES , 
Washington, DC, July 14, 2015. 
Hon. M ICHAEL CONAWAY , 
Chairman, Committee on Agriculture, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR CHAIRMAN CONAWAY : Thank you for 
your July 13 letter regarding H.R. 1847, the 
‘‘Swap Data Repository and Clearinghouse Indemnification Correction Act of 2015’’. 
I am most appreciative of your decision to 
forego action on H.R. 1847 so that it may move expeditiously to the House floor. I ac-knowledge that although you are waiving ac-tion on the bill, the Committee on Agri-culture is in no way waiving its jurisdiction over any subject matter contained in the bill that falls within its jurisdiction. In addition, if a conference is necessary on this legisla-tion, I will support any request that your committee be represented therein. Finally, I shall be pleased to include your 
letter and this letter in our committee’s re-port on H.R. 1847 and in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the same. 
Sincerely, 
J
EBHENSARLING , 
Chairman. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, transparent trading of 
derivatives, along with realtime re-porting of trades to swap data reposi-tories, is a crucial element of the Dodd- Frank Act. 
This bill makes necessary technical 
changes to better enable our Nation’s regulators to share that data about de-rivatives with one another and with their foreign counterparts. 
An unintended result in Dodd-Frank 
of trying to protect both regulators and the data repositories from burden-some litigation was that other regu-lators lacked the authority to pay fu-ture legal expenses, thus threatening to prevent the sharing of information. 
This was clearly not intended as one 
of the primary goals of title VII, to en-able regulators and the public to better understand the derivatives market. H.R. 1847 addresses those concerns and is supported by the industry and advo-cates, like Americans for Financial Re-form, alike. 
I also understand that the bill in-
cludes additional changes to the legis-lation requested by the SEC to better target the statutory change. 
I thank Representative M
OORE and 
Representative C RAWFORD for working 
together in a bipartisan manner to ad-dress these issues and solve a very real threat to cross-border regulatory co-operation and oversight. 
I urge support of this legislation, and 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. I 
yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. C
RAWFORD ) and thank him for his con-
tinued work on this technical but crit-ical issue. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the distinguished chairman of the subcommittee, Mr. S
COTT, and I 
would like to thank the other cospon-sors of this bill, Mr. H
UIZENGA , Ms. 
MOORE , and Mr. M ALONEY , for joining 
me in this bipartisan effort to help bring transparency to the global swap markets. I certainly appreciate the subcommittee chairman’s support as well. 
While I might not agree with every 
provision in the Dodd-Frank law today, I believe we are working towards its bi-partisan goal of giving regulators the tools they need to improve systemic risk mitigation in the global financial markets. 
I think everyone agrees that the lack 
of transparency and the over-the- counter derivatives markets escalated the financial crisis of 2008. In order to provide market transparency, the Dodd-Frank law requires posttrade re-porting to swap data repositories, or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:19 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY7.013 H14JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5147 July 14, 2015 
SDRs as they are called, so that regu-
lators and market participants have access to realtime market data that will help identify systemic risk in the financial system. So far, we have made great strides in reaching this goal, but, unfortunately, a provision in the law threatens to undermine our progress unless we fix it. 
Currently, Dodd-Frank requires a 
provision requiring a foreign regulator to indemnify a U.S.-based SDR from any expenses arising from litigation re-lating to a request from market data. While the intent of the provision was to protect market confidentiality, in practice, it threatens to fragment glob-al data on swap markets because it is a major stumbling block to our regu-lators’ abilities to coordinate with for-eign counterparts. 
The intended result is a fragmented 
global data framework where regu-lators were unable to see a complete picture of the marketplace. Without ef-fective coordination between inter-national regulators and SDRs, moni-
toring and mitigating global system-atic risk is severely limited. 
My bill fixes this problem by remov-
ing the indemnification provisions in Dodd-Frank. This legislation has broad bipartisan support and passed the House by an overwhelming vote of 420– 2 in the last Congress, as Chairman S
COTT indicated. Additionally, both the 
SEC and CFTC are on record sup-porting this bill. 
If left unresolved, the indemnifica-
tion provision in Dodd-Frank has the potential to reduce transparency in the over-the-counter derivatives markets and undo the great progress already being made through the cooperative ef-forts of more than 50 regulators world-wide. 
In passing this legislation, we ensure 
that regulators will have access to a global set of swap market data, which is essential to maintaining the highest degree of market transparency and risk mitigation. 
I strongly urge my colleagues to vote 
‘‘yes’’ on this bill. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. M
OORE ), who happens to 
be the ranking member for the Sub-committee on Monetary Policy and Trade. 
b1445 
Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the madam ranking member for this opportunity to speak on H.R. 1847. 
I also want to thank all of my co-
sponsors on this legislation: Represent-ative H
UIZENGA , Representative 
CRAWFORD , and Representative S EAN 
PATRICK MALONEY . 
Mr. Speaker, the House Financial 
Services and Agriculture Committees passed this legislation with bipartisan support and without controversy in 2013, 2014, and 2015. This bill has passed the House several times with over-whelming margins, and it is supported by the SEC. At the Bipartisan Policy Center’s 5- 
year look-back at Dodd-Frank just last week, the question was put to former 
Commodity Futures Trading Commis-sioner Jill Sommers: What is yet to be done in Dodd-Frank that needs to be done? Her answer: fixing the indem-nification provision. 
Here we are today, and we have an 
opportunity to do this with that bill. Let me try to make this really simple. 
A major objective of the Dodd-Frank 
Act was to improve transparency and to eliminate systemic risk mitigation in global derivatives markets. This bill is a technical fix to ensure that the goal of swaps transparency is realized. 
In fact, Dodd-Frank requires post- 
trade reporting to swap data reposi-tories. During the crisis, these SDRs did not exist. 
As a matter of fact, to quote Warren 
Buffett when he described the situation we were in, he said: 
Only when the tide goes out do you dis-
cover who has been swimming naked. 
This is a really important feature in 
Dodd-Frank. However, as written, a provision threatens the reporting re-gime and threatens to fragment the collection of data by imposing an un-necessary requirement on foreign SDRs and regulators that would impede com-pliance. 
By eliminating this unnecessary re-
quirement, this bill makes it possible to achieve the goal of bringing com-prehensive swap trade information, transparency, and oversight to the global derivatives markets. 
Regardless of your position on de-
rivatives or on Dodd-Frank, this bill makes sense, and I urge all of my col-leagues to support it. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, in closing, I want to thank both the Democrats and the Repub-licans who have worked on this. 
The House has acted several times in 
a bipartisan manner on this legisla-tion—420–2 on very similar legislation. We have passed this multiple times; so I would just encourage all Members to support this piece of legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. H
URT) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, H.R. 1847, as amend-ed. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
IMPROVING ACCESS TO CAPITAL 
FOR EMERGING GROWTH COMPA-NIES ACT 
Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2064) to amend certain provi-
sions of the securities laws relating to the treatment of emerging growth companies, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2064 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Improving Ac-
cess to Capital for Emerging Growth Companies Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FILING REQUIREMENT FOR PUBLIC FIL-
ING PRIOR TO PUBLIC OFFERING. 
Section 6(e)(1) of the Securities Act of 1933 (15 
U.S.C. 77f(e)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘21 days’’ and inserting ‘‘15 days’’. 
SEC. 3. GRACE PERIOD FOR CHANGE OF STATUS 
OF EMERGING GROWTH COMPANIES. 
Section 6(e)(1) of the Securities Act of 1933 (15 
U.S.C. 77f(e)(1)) is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘An issuer that was an emerging growth company at the time it sub-mitted a confidential registration statement or, in lieu thereof, a publicly filed registration statement for review under this subsection but ceases to be an emerging growth company there-after shall continue to be treated as an emerging market growth company for the purposes of this subsection through the earlier of the date on which the issuer consummates its initial public offering pursuant to such registrations state-ment or the end of the 1-year period beginning on the date the company ceases to be an emerg-ing growth company.’’. 
SEC. 4. SIMPLIFIED DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS 
FOR EMERGING GROWTH COMPA-NIES. 
Section 102 of the Jumpstart Our Business 
Startups Act (Public Law 112–106) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(d) S
IMPLIFIED DISCLOSURE REQUIRE -
MENTS .—With respect to an emerging growth 
company (as such term is defined under section 2 of the Securities Act of 1933): 
‘‘(1) R
EQUIREMENT TO INCLUDE NOTICE ON  
FORMS S–1 AND F-1.—Not later than 30 days 
after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Securities and Exchange Commission shall revise its general instructions on Forms S–1 and F–1 to indicate that a registration statement filed (or submitted for confidential review) by an issuer prior to an initial public offering may omit financial information for historical periods otherwise required by regulation S–X (17 C.F.R. 210.1–01 et seq.) as of the time of filing (or con-fidential submission) of such registration state-ment, provided that— 
‘‘(A) the omitted financial information relates 
to a historical period that the issuer reasonably believes will not be required to be included in the Form S–1 or F–1 at the time of the con-templated offering; and 
‘‘(B) prior to the issuer distributing a prelimi-
nary prospectus to investors, such registration statement is amended to include all financial in-formation required by such regulation S–X at the date of such amendment. 
‘‘(2) R
ELIANCE BY ISSUERS .—Effective 30 days 
after the date of enactment of this subsection, an issuer filing a registration statement (or sub-mitting the statement for confidential review) on Form S–1 or Form F–1 may omit financial infor-mation for historical periods otherwise required by regulation S–X (17 C.F.R. 210.1–01 et seq.) as of the time of filing (or confidential submission) of such registration statement, provided that— 
‘‘(A) the omitted financial information relates 
to a historical period that the issuer reasonably believes will not be required to be included in the Form S–1 or Form F–1 at the time of the con-templated offering; and 
‘‘(B) prior to the issuer distributing a prelimi-
nary prospectus to investors, such registration 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:19 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.048 H14JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5148 July 14, 2015 
statement is amended to include all financial in-
formation required by such regulation S–X at the date of such amendment.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. H
URT) and the gentle-
woman from California (Ms. M AXINE  
WATERS ) each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and to include extraneous mate-rial on this bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? 
There was no objection. Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I rise in support of H.R. 2064, the Im-
proving Access to Capital for Emerging Growth Companies Act. 
I would like to thank the ranking 
member for her support of this good legislation. I would also like to thank Representative F
INCHER and Represent-
ative D ELANEY for their efforts to suc-
cessfully move this legislation through the Financial Services Committee on a unanimous, bipartisan vote. 
Mr. Speaker, a key component of the 
JOBS Act was the so-called IPO—the initial public offering—on-ramp provi-sions of title I, which created a new classification of public company known as an emerging growth company. 
Emerging growth company status al-
lows smaller companies that are ac-cessing capital in the public markets to utilize streamlined registration and reporting requirements for up to 5 years after their initial public offer-ings. 
In doing so, emerging growth compa-
nies are able to spend fewer resources in complying with costly regulations that are designed for the largest public companies. 
Just over 3 years since the JOBS 
Act’s enactment, we continue to wit-ness the successful results of its imple-mentation. In 2014, emerging growth companies represented 86 percent of the 288 initial public offerings, allow-ing those companies to raise over $42 billion in capital. 
That capital represents real dollars 
that can be used by these companies to invest in research and development, in innovative products, and, most impor-tantly, in new jobs in their commu-nities. 
While these numbers are encour-
aging, more can still be done to incentivize companies to access capital in our public markets. 
H.R. 2064 will decrease the required 
time for a confidential registration statement to be on file with the SEC before an emerging growth company may conduct a road show from 21 days to 15 and will further streamline disclo-sure requirements for emerging growth companies. These targeted changes to 
the Federal securities laws will make IPOs even more appealing to emerging growth companies. 
One witness at a previous Capital 
Markets and Government Sponsored Enterprises Subcommittee hearing commented: 
We support this bill as it creates generally 
greater optionality for issuers without alter-ing the ultimate level of required disclosure to investors. This bill is in keeping with the philosophy that underlies title I of the JOBS Act and the creation of safe harbors, such as ‘‘testing the waters’’ and ‘‘confidential fil-ings.’’ We believe, for example, that pro-viding issuers with the ability to file without full financial statements will cut issuer time-to-market, which is beneficial in miti-gating market risk and speeding access to capital. 
I ask that my colleagues join me in 
supporting H.R. 2064. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
The Improving Access to Capital for 
Emerging Growth Companies Act is a good bill and is the product of bipar-tisan compromise. The bill was amend-ed last year to address certain investor protection concerns while still retain-ing key relief for small businesses. 
H.R. 2064 amends title I of the 
Jumpstart Our Business Start-Ups Act of 2012, to provide emerging growth companies—that is, EGCs—with addi-tional flexibility when going public. 
During a hearing on this bill in the 
Capital Markets and Government Sponsored Enterprises Subcommittee, one witness expressed concerns that 2 years of financial statements are nec-essary for the SEC to compare years during its review, and, at a minimum, issuers should be required to provide what they have. 
My fear is that, if a company were al-
lowed to delay its filing, as this bill would allow, it would only likely delay the SEC’s review, resulting in no real benefit to the issuer. 
I would also like to emphasize the 
problem Congress gets into when it preempts the regulators by trying to issue rules by legislation. When we get it wrong, it takes another act of Con-gress to fix it. However, I support this legislation today because it seems as if a consensus has emerged that this technical fix is appropriate. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. F
INCHER ), a coauthor of this legisla-
tion. 
Mr. FINCHER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in support of H.R. 2064, the Im-proving Access to Capital for Emerging Growth Companies Act. 
I was pleased to introduce this legis-
lation with my colleague, Congressman J
OHNDELANEY of Maryland. 
This legislation builds upon the suc-
cess of the original bipartisan JOBS Act, which I worked on, that created a new category of stock offering for 
emerging growth companies, which have proven to be a major new source of job creation for the 21st century. 
Job creation is the number one rea-
son to support this legislation. As com-panies are able to expand and go pub-lic, they are able to hire more employ-ees and to ultimately invest more in our economy. 
Our bill makes important changes to 
the registration process to ensure that these companies have the most effi-cient, streamlined access to the mar-ket. 
Shortening the 21-day filing period to 
15 days would save companies exposure to some market volatility before public launch. 
The purpose of the 21-day period is to 
allow the information about the EGC IPO to disseminate to the public before purchase orders are taken on the EGC’s stock, but with today’s technology, the current 21-day quiet period is unneces-sarily long. 
The shortened time period would 
allow the benefit of clearer visibility in market conditions and would save com-panies from having to update financials and other disclosure before public launch. 
Additionally, the bill calls for a 
grace period of the JOBS Act protec-tions to an issuer who loses EGC status mid-IPO process. Under current law, if a company exceeds the EGC status cri-teria during the IPO process, it no longer qualifies for the designation. 
This discourages a borderline EGC 
which may be considering going public from making an offering. The grace pe-riod would allow an issuer who quali-fies as an EGC at the time of filing its confidential registration statement for review to continue to be treated as an EGC through the date on which it com-pletes its initial public offering or 1 year has passed, whichever comes first. 
Finally, the bill would permit EGCs 
to avoid incurring the significant ex-pense and effort of preparing and hav-ing audited financials and related dis-closures for past periods that will not be included in the prospectus to inves-tors. 
This legislation was reported out of 
committee unanimously, and I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support the passage of H.R. 2064 today. 
This is a simple adjustment to reduce 
the burdens placed on smaller compa-nies that are trying to access the mar-ket, grow their businesses, and hire more employees. 
Now more than ever, as Members of 
Congress, we need to be focused on ways to facilitate job creation. This bill is an important step in that direc-tion. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. D
ELANEY ). 
It is because of his leadership not 
only on this issue, but on small busi-ness, the opportunities of EGCs, and the fact that his negotiations on this legislation led us to bipartisan support. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:19 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY7.012 H14JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5149 July 14, 2015 
Mr. DELANEY. I want to thank the 
ranking member for her support and leadership on this legislation. I also want to thank the gentleman from Vir-ginia for his support. 
Most importantly, I want to thank 
my friend, the gentleman from Ten-nessee, for giving me the opportunity to coauthor this piece of legislation with him. 
Mr. Speaker, emerging growth com-
panies that raise capital from private investors have two options available to them to give their investors a return. The first option is to take the company public, and the second option is to sell the business. 
The data overwhelmingly suggests 
that, when companies go public, the companies are very likely to take the capital they raise in a public offering, invest it in the business, create jobs, and hire Americans, as compared to when companies are sold, which are often done for strategic reasons that are based on consolidations and often result in jobs being lost. 
So, while companies are completely 
free to make whatever choices they want to make, we, as policymakers, should certainly be trying to level the playing field as it relates to initial public offerings in order to make them more accessible for emerging growth companies, particularly if they can be done without compromising investor protection. I believe strongly that H.R. 2064 does, in fact, do that. 
My colleague from Tennessee went 
through the specifics in terms of the processes that are being improved by the bill. 
I have some firsthand experience 
with this process in having started two businesses in the private sector and in having taken them both public on the New York Stock Exchange, experiences that taught me that a company’s ini-tial public offering, as it relates to due diligence and scrutiny and oversight, is the day when they have the most focus by regulators and investors and under-writers. 
b1500 
So it is certainly a time where we 
have an opportunity for more flexi-bility around timing, which I believe this bill does and will do successfully. It will lead to more initial public offer-ings. It will hopefully reverse the trends that we have seen across the last several decades where the number of initial public offerings have de-creased. 
As I said in my opening comments, 
the more IPOs we have, the more likely companies are to invest in their busi-nesses, create jobs and hire Americans. It is good for our economy. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2064. 
Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
there are very few people in Congress today who have worked harder and un-derstand better the importance of ac-cess to capital for our small businesses and for job creation than does the chairman of our Subcommittee on Cap-ital Markets and Government Spon-
sored Enterprises. 
I yield such time as he may consume 
to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. G
ARRETT ). 
Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the vice chairman for those remarks. 
I do in fact rise in support of the bill, 
H.R. 2064, the Improving Access to Cap-ital for Emerging Growth Companies, EGCs. I also want to thank my friend Mr. D
ELANEY and my other friend Mr. 
FINCHER for their hard work on the un-
derlying piece of legislation. 
As we said before, because of the 
JOBS Act, we have seen a significant increase, a resurgence, if you will, in initial public offerings, with 2014 being the best year for IPOs in more than a decade now. If you look back, study after study has shown that job creation expands significantly once a company goes public. 
So Congress then should do what? We 
should do more to reduce the burdens on these small and growing companies that want access to the markets and want access there to capital and want access, therefore, to grow and expand and create job creation. That is exactly what this legislation does. 
H.R. 2064 would expand upon the suc-
cess of the JOBS Act by making sig-nificant improvements in title I of that bill, including reducing the number of days that an emerging growth com-pany would have to wait before com-mencing with the so-called road shows once it files with the SEC, and it would significantly reduce and simplify the financial disclosures that go along with it. 
These are targeted and incremental 
changes that reflect the feedback and input that the Committee on Financial Services—the members who have sup-ported it, the vice chairman as well— has received since the JOBS Act was passed back in 2012. 
We had a number of hearings on this, 
and one witness told our committee: ‘‘This bill is in keeping with the philos-ophy that underlies title I of the JOBS Act, and the creation of safe harbors such as ‘Testing the Waters’ and ‘Con-fidential Filings.’ . . . providing issuers with the ability to file without finan-cial statements will cut issuer time-to- market which is,’’ at the end of the day, ‘‘beneficial in mitigating market risk and speeding access to capital.’’ 
With that said, by removing some of 
the ongoing hurdles to going public, this bill, H.R. 2064, would help promote growth and help promote job creation throughout our entire country, our en-tire economy. Therefore, I urge its swift passage. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. 
Mr. Speaker, I think that this is the last bill that we are taking up on sus-pension today. What you have seen is a fine example of both sides of the aisle working to do the best thing that we could possibly do for our constituents. 
There have been bills that were pre-
sented today that were suspect, per-haps, when they first were introduced; there were bills today where we had 
technical corrections; there were bills today where we had bipartisan support where we never thought we would get bipartisan support. I would like the work that we have done on the floor today to demonstrate that we do have the ability to work together in the best interests of the citizens of this coun-try; and to the degree that we under-stand that even in Dodd-Frank where there may still be some concerns, that we can be civil about it, that we can be considerate about it, and that we rec-ognize that not only may there may be places for technical corrections in Dodd-Frank, but in the JOBS Act and other bills that we have heard today and that we will hear in the future. 
I am very pleased to have been a part 
of the work that we have done here on this floor today to get together in a bi-partisan way, again, to act in the best interests of all of the people of this country. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HURT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I 
want to thank the ranking member again and those on her side of the aisle for looking for ways we can work to-gether for job creation and stream-lining of the regulatory structure as it relates to our financial markets. 
I represent Virginia’s Fifth District, 
and over the last 10, 20 years, we have seen a tremendous amount of high un-employment. I would suggest to you that legislation like the legislation that Representative F
INCHER and Rep-
resentative D ELANEY have put forward 
today is the kind of legislation that will lead to more private capital on Main Street all across the Fifth Dis-trict of Virginia and all across Amer-ica. I would suggest to you that that is why this bill deserves the full support from the House of Representatives today. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. H
URT) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, H.R. 2064, as amend-ed. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on motions to suspend the rules previously postponed. 
Votes will be taken in the following 
order: 
H.R. 251, by the yeas and nays; H.R. 2997, by the yeas and nays; H.R. 1723, by the yeas and nays. The first electronic vote will be con-
ducted as a 15-minute vote. Remaining electronic votes will be conducted as 5- minute votes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:19 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.052 H14JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5150 July 14, 2015 
HOMES FOR HEROES ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 251) to transfer the position of Special Assistant for Veterans Af-fairs in the Department of Housing and Urban Development to the Office of the Secretary, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. L
UETKEMEYER ) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 412, nays 1, not voting 20, as follows: 
[Roll No. 435] 
YEAS—412 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper 
Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) 
Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta 
Lawrence Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone 
Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster 
Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) 
Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—1 
Amash 
NOT VOTING—20 
Beyer 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Clark (MA) Cohen Ellison Engel Fattah Grayson 
Grijalva Honda Jackson Lee Lee Nadler Nolan Pelosi Pocan 
Polis Price, Tom Wasserman 
Schultz 
Welch 
b1536 
Mr. MULLIN changed his vote from 
‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated for: Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 435, 
had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker, 
on rollcall No. 435, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
Mr. HONDA. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 
435, on H.R. 251, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
f 
PRIVATE INVESTMENT IN 
HOUSING ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2997) to authorize the Sec-retary of Housing and Urban Develop-ment to carry out a demonstration pro-gram to enter into budget-neutral, per-formance-based contracts for energy and water conservation improvements for multifamily residential units, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. L
UETKEMEYER ) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 395, nays 28, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 436] 
YEAS—395 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn 
Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores 
Forbes Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:49 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.054 H14JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5151 July 14, 2015 
Jeffries 
Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick 
Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar 
Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent 
Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert 
Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster 
Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—28 
Amash 
Babin Blackburn Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buck Burgess Conaway Duncan (SC) Foxx 
Franks (AZ) Gohmert Griffith Holding Huelskamp Jones Loudermilk Love Lummis Massie 
McClintock Palmer Poe (TX) Ratcliffe Ribble Rice (SC) Weber (TX) 
NOT VOTING—10 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Collins (GA) Diaz-Balart Engel 
Fattah Grayson Johnson (GA) Meehan 
Price, Tom Wasserman 
Schultz b1545 
Mr. JONES changed his vote from 
‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
SMALL COMPANY SIMPLE 
REGISTRATION ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1723) to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to revise Form S–1 so as to permit smaller re-porting companies to use forward in-corporation by reference for such form, on which the yeas and nays were or-dered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. H
URT) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 426, nays 0, not voting 7, as follows: 
[Roll No. 437] 
YEAS—426 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright 
Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold 
Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hahn 
Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster 
Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino 
Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree 
Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush 
Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao 
Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—7 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Engel Fattah 
Grayson Johnson (GA) Price, Tom 
Wasserman 
Schultz 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:19 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY7.031 H14JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5152 July 14, 2015 
b1553 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated for: Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 
436 I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER 
AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 2722 
Mr. CRAWFORD. Madam Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that my name be removed as a cosponsor of H.R. 2722. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mrs. 
M
IMIWALTERS of California). Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Arkansas? 
There was no objection. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER 
AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 2722 
Mr. HUDSON. Madam Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that my name be removed as a cosponsor of H.R. 2722. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from North Carolina? 
There was no objection. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER 
AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 2722 
Mr. GOSAR. Madam Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that my name be withdrawn as a cosponsor of H.R. 2722. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Arizona? 
There was no objection. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER 
AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 2722 
Mrs. ROBY. Madam Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that my name be removed as a cosponsor of H.R. 2722. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Alabama? 
There was no objection. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER 
AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 2722 
Mr. FLEMING. Madam Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that my name be removed as a cosponsor of H.R. 2722. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Louisiana? 
There was no objection. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER 
AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 2722 
Mr. MOOLENAAR. Madam Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that my name be removed as a cosponsor of H.R. 2722. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Michigan? There was no objection. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER 
AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 2722 
Mrs. NOEM. Madam Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that my name be removed as a cosponsor of H.R. 2722. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from South Dakota? 
There was no objection. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER 
AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 2722 
Mr. CLAWSON of Florida. Madam 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to be removed as a cosponsor of H.R. 2722. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? 
There was no objection. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER 
AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 2722 
Mr. HOLDING. Madam Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that my name be removed as a cosponsor of H.R. 2722. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from North Carolina? 
There was no objection. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER 
AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 2722 
Mr. BUCK. Madam Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that my name be removed as a cosponsor of H.R. 2722. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Colorado? 
There was no objection. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER 
AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 2722 
Mr. PERRY. Madam Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that my name be removed from bill number H.R. 2722. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? 
There was no objection. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER 
AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 2722 
Mrs. BLACK. Madam Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that my name be removed as a cosponsor of H.R. 2722. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Tennessee? 
There was no objection. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER 
AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 2722 
Mr. MEADOWS. Madam Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that my name be removed as a cosponsor of H.R. 2722. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from North Carolina? There was no objection. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER 
AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 2722 
Mr. YODER. Madam Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that my name be removed as a cosponsor of H.R. 2722. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kansas? 
There was no objection. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER 
AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 2722 
Mr. D ESANTIS. Madam Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that my name be removed as a cosponsor of H.R. 2722. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? 
There was no objection. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER 
AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 2722 
Mr. CRAMER. Madam Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that my name be removed as cosponsor of H.R. 2722. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from North Dakota? 
There was no objection. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER 
AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 2722 
Mrs. WALORSKI. Madam Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that my name be removed as a cosponsor of H.R. 2722. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Indiana? 
There was no objection. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER 
AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 2722 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Madam Speaker, 
I ask unanimous consent that my name be removed as a cosponsor of H.R. 2722. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Tennessee? 
There was no objection. 
f 
b1600 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER 
AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 2722 
Mr. PALMER. Madam Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that my name be removed as a cosponsor of H.R. 2722. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Alabama? 
There was no objection. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER 
AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 2722 
Mrs. LUMMIS. Madam Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that my name be removed as a cosponsor of H.R. 2722. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Wyoming? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:19 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.059 H14JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5153 July 14, 2015 
There was no objection. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER 
AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 2722. 
Mrs. COMSTOCK. Madam Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that my name be removed from H.R. 2722. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Virginia? 
There was no objection. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, 
I was unavoidably detained during a vote on H.R. 251, the Homes for Heroes Act of 2015. If I had been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
f 
KATE’S LAW 
(Mr. MARCHANT asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. MARCHANT. Madam Speaker, I 
rise in support of the Establishing Mandatory Minimums for Illegal Re-entry Act, also known as Kate’s Law. 
This bill mandates 5-year minimum 
prison sentences for illegal immigrants who return to the U.S. after being de-ported. It comes in direct response to the murder of Kathryn Steinle in San Francisco by a man who had been de-ported from the United States five times. 
Kate’s Law sends a strong message to 
any person considering illegal reentry: Come back, and you will face serious consequences. This bill strengthens the rule of law and leaves no room for se-lective enforcement by the administra-tion for any sanctuary city. 
Madam Speaker, my deepest condo-
lences go out to Kate’s family and her loved ones. We cannot undo this trag-edy, but we must work to prevent oth-ers by securing the border and strictly enforcing the law. 
f 
OPM DATA BREACH 
(Mr. HOYER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. HOYER. Madam Speaker, last 
week I was profoundly disappointed to learn just how large the recent data breach was in which personal informa-tion was accessed in the files of the Of-fice of Personnel Management. 
That breach and the one before it 
were unacceptable, and it is a problem that requires an all-hands-on-deck ap-proach to prevent future cyber attacks to protect those whose information has been accessed. 
Madam Speaker, I am proud to rep-
resent 62,000 Federal employees in Maryland’s Fifth District. They de-serve to know—and all our hard-work-ing Federal employees do—that the personal information they submit when they serve our country is safe and se-cure and that they will be protected 
against identity theft if their informa-tion was accessed. 
The resignation of Director 
Archuleta does not solve the under-lying problems that made OPM vulner-able to these kinds of attacks. I intend to work closely with interim Director Beth Cobert to make sure OPM has the resources it needs to upgrade its sys-tems and prevent a reoccurrence of this event. But this breach and the one that preceded it underscore the larger issue of cybersecurity and how we must do more to make America’s networks the safest in the world. 
f 
FETAL ORGAN HARVESTING AND 
TRAFFICKING 
(Mrs. ROBY asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. ROBY. Madam Speaker, I rise to 
raise awareness about a disturbing de-velopment. Today video surfaced of Dr. 
Deborah Nucatola, Planned Parent-hood’s senior director for medical serv-ices, admitting—in fact, bragging— about the harvesting and trafficking of fetal organs after abortions. 
To those who haven’t seen the video, 
I urge you and encourage you to watch it. But you need to be forewarned: the casual and callous way she details how babies can be killed in such a way that their tiny hearts, lungs, and livers can be taken and sold for profit is simply horrifying. 
To quote Dr. Nucatola: ‘‘We have 
been very good at getting heart, lung, and liver. So I am not going to crush that part. I am going to basically crush below, I am going to crush above, and I am going to see if I can get it all in-tact.’’ 
Madam Speaker, this is one of those 
moments as a nation that we have to ask ourselves: ‘‘Who are we? Are we really going to tolerate this inhu-manity? Are we going to look the other way while babies are brutally killed and organs are harvested for profit?’’ 
These are not specimens. They are 
babies for goodness’ sake. I may only have 1 minute today, but I promise, Madam Speaker, we are not done talk-ing about this. 
f 
HONORING TIM WATSON OF 
FREMONT 
(Mr. SWALWELL of California asked 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. 
Madam Speaker, I rise to honor the he-roic actions of Tim Watson of Fremont, California. 
Last month, Tim, a Santa Clara Val-
ley Transportation Authority bus-driver, was driving his bus along I–680 when he got an important alert. It said to be on the lookout for a child ab-ducted at the Milpitas library that morning. It also included a description of the suspect and child. 
Quickly realizing that they may be 
on the bus, Tim pulled off the road. He made up a story to the other pas-
sengers that he needed to look for a missing backpack so he could go through the bus and get a good look at the suspect and the child without any-one realizing something may be amiss. 
After the search, his suspicion in-
creased, and he called the dispatch cen-ter. He was told to continue on his route and that police would follow along the way. He drove his bus slowly, going at less than 30 miles per hour, when Fremont police were able to meet the bus and capture the suspect when it stopped at the Fremont BART station. 
Madam Speaker, Tim’s quick think-
ing allowed this kidnapping suspect to be apprehended without incident and for the child to be rescued safely. 
Thank you, Tim. Your bravery and 
quick thinking saved a life, held some-one to account, and is an inspiration to all of us. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER 
AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 2722 
Mr. SANFORD. Madam Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that my name be removed as cosponsor of H.R. 2722. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from South Carolina? 
There was no objection. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER 
AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 2722 
Mr. FLEISCHMANN. Madam Speak-
er, I ask unanimous consent that my name be removed as a cosponsor of H.R. 2722. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Tennessee? 
There was no objection. 
f 
IMMINENT THREATS TO OUR 
NATIONAL SECURITY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Mrs. E
LLMERS ) is rec-
ognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina. 
Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent that all Members have 5 legisla-tive days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the topic of this Special Order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentle-woman from North Carolina? 
There was no objection. Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina. 
Madam Speaker, I rise today to stand with my fellow members of the Repub-lican Women’s Policy Committee to discuss an issue of concern that is on the minds of every American, espe-cially moms. The topic of concern to so many today is our national security and the need to maintain a strong mili-tary presence. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:19 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.063 H14JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5154 July 14, 2015 
Madam Speaker, we currently face 
many threats abroad, including the terrorist group ISIS and the newly crafted nuclear agreement with Iran. 
As threats continue to grow overseas, so should our response. We need for our Commander in Chief to lay out a plan of success. We cannot stand idly by while the Islamic State continues to grow. This barbaric group is an immi-nent threat to the United States and our allies all over the world. 
Yet another national security con-
cern facing us today is Iran, the world’s largest state sponsor of ter-rorism. Just last night, Iran and the other world powers reached a so-called nuclear deal. I remain deeply skeptical of this so-called deal. Furthermore, Iran has threatened our greatest ally, Israel. Prime Minister Netanyahu has already called this deal ‘‘a historic mistake.’’ 
The President promised us that he 
would walk away from a bad deal, but instead he has forsaken his promises, neglected our allies, and disregarded the concerns of the American people. Because of the many freedoms we enjoy here in the United States, we will al-ways have a target on our backs. This is precisely why we must maintain a robust military presence. 
At home in North Carolina, I have 
the privilege of representing the Na-tion’s largest Army installation, Fort Bragg. Despite the mounting threats abroad, the Army began its reduction of 40,000 troops last week. This in-cluded a loss of 842 soldiers at Fort Bragg. I firmly believe that any troop reduction is not in the best interests of the national security we have. 
However, in light of this troop reduc-
tion, I did receive a piece of positive news regarding a decision by the Air Force. The Air Force has decided to stop pursuing their destructive pro-posal which is to close the 440th Airlift Wing. Our military is one of the best and the brightest. These men and women are the most well trained and well equipped in the world. We are blessed to live in a country that stands for justice and embodies freedom and exemplifies liberty. 
Madam Speaker, I now yield to the 
gentlewoman from Missouri. 
Mrs. WAGNER. Madam Speaker, I 
thank the gentlewoman for having this Special Order. It is wonderful to join my female colleagues here on the House floor to talk about this very im-portant issue. 
Madam Speaker, I come to the floor 
today to sound the alarm about the mistake of historic proportions agreed to by the Obama administration last night in Vienna. In his haste and desire to reach an agreement at any cost, the President has agreed to far-reaching concessions in nearly every area that was supposed to prevent Iran from ac-quiring a nuclear weapon. In con-travention of his stated goal, the deal agreed to by the President last night affords Iran legitimacy for a partial nuclear program now and for a full and unfettered program after 15 years. Madam Speaker, let me repeat my-
self for the sake of clarity. Under this deal, Iran will be able to develop a nu-clear program with absolutely no re-strictions less than 15 years from now. Under this deal, Iran will be allowed to continue to operate more than 6,000 centrifuges and will hold on to nearly 300 kilograms of enriched uranium. 
Iran will also receive hundreds of bil-
lions of dollars in sanctions relief and regain the access to conventional arms and missiles that it has been denied for nearly a decade. Iran will be free to transfer these weapons to Hezbollah, the Syrian Government, and Yemeni rebels, who all threaten our ally Israel and further inflame the region already in crisis. Iran will be free to use the weapons and money provided by this agreement to fuel its terrorist aspira-tions around the region and the world. 
This is a completely unacceptable 
outcome for the United States, Israel, our allies, and the Middle East. 
Wagering the peace and security of 
the United States, Israel, and the world on a small chance that a hateful and deceitful regime will suddenly change its entire comportment is not only wrong, it is foolish and it is dangerous. Iran’s decades-long record of state- sponsored terrorism will not change simply because this deal has been signed. 
Just this past Friday—this past Fri-
day, Madam Speaker—in Tehran, Ira-nian mullahs led people in chants of ‘‘death to America.’’ Yet, less than 72 hours later, the President is signing a deal with those fanatics, a deal that will eventually pave the way for Iran to obtain a nuclear weapon. 
As Prime Minister Netanyahu told us 
in this Congress, in this very Chamber this year, ‘‘a bad deal is worse than no deal.’’ Madam Speaker, this is a bad deal. 
The President expects Congress to 
stand idly by and do nothing while he trades the security of the U.S. and its allies for a legacy-burnishing accom-plishment. He expects us to sit on the sidelines while the administration of-fers one concession after another to the Iranians and agrees on a deal that would endanger the stability of the en-tire Middle East and jeopardize U.S. national security. That must not hap-pen. 
As the 60-day review process man-
dated by the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act begins, Congress must un-equivocally reject this agreement by voting for a resolution of disapproval. We will not stand idly by while the American people’s security is traded for some empty promises. A nuclear- armed Iran would start a new arms race in the Middle East and pose an interoperable threat to the national se-curity of the United States and our al-lies—especially Israel. 
Madam Speaker, as Prime Minister 
Netanyahu said in this very Chamber, again: ‘‘Standing up to Iran is not easy; standing up to dark and murderous re-gimes never is.’’ But for the sake of our children and our children’s children, we 
must face down this threat now before it is too late. 
b1615 
I urge my colleagues to review this 
agreement with an eye towards his-tory, towards the past, towards the present, and towards the future of a re-gion critical to America’s national in-terests. 
Iran has a record of deception and 
hostility towards American interest. No amount of wishful thinking will change their core tendencies. Congress must use this opportunity to stand up for what is right. 
The United States must not capitu-
late in the face of persistent evil. We must stand together, united against the threat of a nuclear Iran in order to guarantee a free and peaceful tomor-row. 
Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina. I 
now yield to the gentlewoman from In-diana (Mrs. B
ROOKS ). 
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Madam 
Speaker, I want to thank my dear friend, the gentlewoman from North Carolina, for organizing this session today. 
Last week, when she organized this 
Special Order, I don’t think you were 
really entirely aware how timely the topic would be today. I am so pleased that you did organize this, so thank you. 
Now, many of us are still reviewing 
the text, having just received the 150 pages, that make up this deal with Iran; but from what I have heard thus far, it leaves me highly skeptical that the accord that was reached does not advance our interests in the region and signifies a retreat from the world stage. 
Let me first say that, even if we take 
the President at his word, the words that I heard this morning—and we as-sume for a second that this deal cuts off ‘‘every pathway to a nuclear weap-on’’—there are still significant rami-fications for granting $150 billion in sanctions relief to a country whose un-official motto, that we just heard from the gentlewoman of Missouri, has be-come ‘‘death to America.’’ 
As Israeli Ambassador Dermer told 
some of my constituents just last night at a Christians United for Israel speech, a $150 billion infusion of cash into Iran’s coffers is like a trillion dol-lars flowing into the United States Treasury; and that money will go to-ward funding the Ayatollah’s terror machines, ranging from Assad’s regime in Syria, Hezbollah in Lebanon, the Houthis in Yemen, Hamas, the Islamic jihad in Gaza, and the many other of Iran’s terror proxies throughout the re-gion. 
This is compounded by the fact that 
the deal will lift the conventional arms embargo in Iran in no more than 5 years and the embargo on missile sales to Iran in no more than 8 years. What the deal appears to do is give the Ira-nian regime $150 billion in sanctions re-lief, while simultaneously allowing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:19 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.065 H14JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5155 July 14, 2015 
them to buy more conventional weap-
ons, weapons that we know have been used in the past to actually kill Amer-ican soldiers. 
Now, this isn’t to mention the unin-
tended consequence that effectively shreds our foreign policy playbook that has guided the U.S. on the world stage for decades. This is a historic mis-take—not only what Prime Minister Netanyahu has said is a historic mis-take for the world, but it will allow Iran to continue to pursue its aggres-sion and terror in the region. As the Congresswoman from Missouri said, it will start a nuclear arms race in the Middle East. 
Just today, former CIA Director, 
General Hayden, testified that not only do we need to understand that our nu-clear focus does not make other reali-ties go away, even if we had a success-ful conclusion to these nuclear negotia-tions, issues will remain. 
I just want to close by reminding 
what our issues will Iran include. We know and believe they are the largest state supporter sponsor of terrorism. They hold American hostages without a fair trial. They support Palestinian terrorism, and they destabilize Iraq where we have invested so much treas-ure and lives. Hayden concluded the issue is not just Iran’s nuclear prob-lem; the issue is Iran itself. 
Madam Speaker, no deal is clearly a 
better outcome than a bad deal; and I, too, am extremely concerned the Obama administration has negotiated a bad deal. I assure you that my col-leagues and I will leave no detail of the final negotiated terms unexplored as this decision comes with consequences that will reverberate for generations moving forward. 
The world cannot afford a nuclear 
Iran and thus cannot afford a deal with unacceptable terms. 
Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina. I 
yield to the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. W
ALORSKI ). 
Mrs. WALORSKI. Madam Speaker, I 
thank the gentlewoman from North Carolina and also my colleague from Indiana. 
Madam Speaker, I rise to express my 
deepest concern that the President of the United States is signing an agree-ment with a leading state sponsor of terrorism, Iran. This administration has collectively created a pathway for Iran to create a nuclear bomb. 
This agreement endangers the lives 
of Americans by providing billions of dollars in sanctions relief for Iran to continue killing Americans. The lack of adequate safeguards and controls in this plan that literally allows Iran to choose if and when they agree to verifi-cation is deeply troubling, and it should be to every American, espe-cially when we start by lifting sanc-tions without any verification. 
Also, let’s not forget that by lifting 
the weapons embargo, Iran will in-crease their stockpile of missiles, ICBMs, directly from Russia—able to strike this homeland and other more advanced weapons that will lead to an 
arms race in the Middle East. 
Once again, the President is bypass-
ing the American people by threat-ening a veto of any legislation that comes from here that would curb his agreement. 
The President of the United States 
continues to reject the will of the American people. As this unrest con-tinues, the United States has to main-tain our rich partnership with our al-lies, including Israel, sitting directly in line with Iran. 
I just want to say to my colleagues 
here, very quickly, let’s not forget that it was just a couple of months ago that Prime Minister Netanyahu of Israel stood in this very place right here. It was an unbelievable moment for this country. 
He traveled all the way here to tell 
this body and to tell the American peo-ple how bad of a deal and how dan-gerous this agreement is. If you weren’t here, I can tell you there was electricity in this place. People were moved, and America heard for the first time what a danger this was not only to us and our homeland, but the exis-tential threat to the nation of Israel. They were moved, and the next morn-ing, our Nation was not the same. 
I just appreciate so much my col-
league from North Carolina for allow-ing us to talk about this tonight. See, the American people know that this is not just a bad deal; this is not just a danger to our Nation. This is the com-plete unravelling of the Middle East as we know it today, and we are going to do everything we can—I can tell you I will do everything I can—to make sure that this bad deal goes away and we do what we are called upon when we raised our right hand to take these po-sitions, which is to protect this Nation from attack. 
Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina. I 
yield to the gentlewoman from Utah (Mrs. L
OVE). 
Mrs. LOVE. Madam Speaker, when it 
comes to the deal with Iran, I want to express how incredibly serious this is. That is because the stakes have never been higher. 
Are we willing to continue to gamble 
with America’s future and American lives? 
Iran is a snake in the grass. Its lead-
ers have made it very clear that they want to implement sharia law, not freedom. Iran does not value human life the way we do. They have actually shown that they are willing to support terrorists. They have shown that they are willing to hurt their own women and children. 
On the other hand, we have a Presi-
dent of the United States of America that said he will veto any efforts to stop this bad deal. That shows he has no interest in listening to the Amer-ican people. 
How can we claim we are fighting 
terror when we are giving the leading state sponsors of terrorism a break to the tune of billions of dollars? At this rate, we will all but build the nuclear 
weapons for them in 15 years. 
Now that a deal with Iran is in place, 
here is what is most concerning: They will turn around and build a nuclear weapon anyway, funded by the profits made from the lack of sanctions. 
This is not a joke. This is not a 
game. Iran has a history of noncompli-ance. A great indicator of what is going to happen in the future is what has happened in the past. How do we know they will never change? How do we know they will change? We don’t. Chances are, they won’t change. 
Ronald Reagan was an advocate of 
peace through strength. He said that the world would experience peace when the United States was a beacon of strength. 
I ask you all to stand strong with the 
United States against Iran and against any administration that would like to silence us, the American people. 
Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina. I 
yield to the gentlewoman from the great State of Alabama (Mrs. R
OBY). 
Mrs. ROBY. Madam Chair, I thank 
my friend from North Carolina. 
This is a great opportunity today for 
all of us ladies to be down here on the floor together, having a little conversa-tion about what we recognize and can see matters to the majority of Ameri-cans, and that is the safety of this country and our national defense, our ability to defend against enemies. To my friend from North Carolina, there are a lot of those out there right now. 
As we watch the lack of leadership in 
this administration, we have seen these enemies raise their heads, and it is by no mistake because they will seek to fill a void, and that is exactly what is happening around the world. 
All of our colleagues that have 
talked earlier in this hour about the bad, bad deal with Iran, this comes at a time not only where we are seeing the atrocities of ISIS and other groups around the world, but also at a time when we have cut our military not through the muscle, but into the bone. 
All of us here, we all have military 
interests in some respect throughout our districts. I know you have a large military presence in your district and others here joining us today, our col-leagues; so everyone here has not felt the pain of what these cuts look like. 
To my colleagues, if we don’t do 
something about this sequester here, when it goes into full implementa-tion—we are already cutting combat aviation brigades. We will have to cut even more. 
Of course, I represent Fort Rucker, 
where we train these folks at the Army Aviation Center of Excellence, so, cer-tainly, these realities are not lost on me; and I know you represent Fort Bragg and others here. The gentle-woman from Tennessee has a large military presence. 
I guess the conversation that I want 
to have with you guys today on behalf of our constituents is: What are we going to do about it? We have got to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:19 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.066 H14JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5156 July 14, 2015 
figure this out because, if we don’t, it 
is going to be irresponsible as it relates to our readiness and our ability to de-fend this Nation. 
We owe it to our military families, 
our men and women that wear the uni-form, to ensure that they have every-thing that they need every time we send them into harm’s way. This is really a dangerous time in our country, and certainly, it is not lost to everyone here as it relates to Iran and the bad deal that was negotiated there. 
We have got to be willing to do our 
part as it relates to that deal. Here in this legislative body, we have to be willing to use the tools that we have and stand up against it and use the courage that we all have in our hearts to fight against this, knowing that it is going to not just have a huge impact on our security here at home, but our very important allies in the Middle East. 
I just got back from a codel in the 
spring where we went to Saudi Arabia, Iraq, and Israel. Our allies over there are looking at us right now, going: What? What? 
Anyway, I share my frustration with 
you, and I know you share it with me as well. We need to give the Army what they need. We need to give our military what they need and know that we are having the appropriate impact in the parts of the world that are under so much pressure right now as it relates to this plan. 
I hope we can continue this dialogue. 
I appreciate all of you coming to the floor and letting me be a part of this. 
I am very concerned. This is what lit-
erally keeps all of us up at night, wor-rying about the future of our country and our safety not just here at home, but for all the men and women that are serving our country abroad. 
Again, I hope that we collectively 
can put our heads together and figure out a way to end this sequester, par-ticularly as it relates to defense, once and for all. 
Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina. I 
yield to the gentlewoman from Ten-nessee (Mrs. B
LACK ). 
Mrs. BLACK. Madam Speaker, it is 
an honor to be here and to be a part of today’s Republican Women’s Policy Committee on this Special Order on na-tional security, and I want to thank the gentlewoman from North Carolina for bringing us together on this very important topic. 
I rise today to specifically address 
the President’s attempts to strike a deal with both Iran and Cuba. 
First, Iran—after four missed dead-
lines, President Obama announced a deal this morning with Iran, the world’s largest state sponsor of ter-rorism and a nation whose Ayatollah famously called the United States ‘‘the Great Satan.’’ 
b1630 
It was a deal praised by the likes of 
Syria and Russia and condemned by our allies, such as Israel. What is more, under the agreement, international in-
spectors must ask Iran’s permission be-fore reviewing its nuclear sites, by the way, after which, Iran has 2 weeks to decide whether to even grant it. All told, Iran would have 24 days to drag out this process and conceal signs of noncompliance. 
Instead of peace through strength, 
this agreement amounts to unrest through appeasement. Under the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act, Con-gress does have the power to vote down a bad deal that threatens our national security. I believe this is a bad deal, and I intend to use what we can to show the President we do not support this deal. 
Unfortunately, the President’s ef-
forts to cozy up to rogue nations doesn’t end there. President Obama is attempting to normalize relations with Cuba. Here again, the President is clearly more interested in striking a deal—any deal—rather than knowing the details of the deal. 
Consider this: Cuba was listed as a 
state sponsor of terrorism until the end of May, and now the President wants to open up an embassy on the shores of Havana. So can you tell me what has changed? 
Just last week I led nearly 20 of my 
colleagues in sending a letter to the President, citing a report from the De-partment of Homeland Security which found more than 21,000 Cuban nationals with felony convictions living within our borders. 
These individuals are rated by our 
Department of Homeland Security as a threat level 1, meaning that they are the worst of the worst. They have no legal status as they have been given or-ders to be removed, but they are roam-ing our streets because Cuba will not take back its criminals. 
Madam Speaker, if the President in-
sists on opening the door to negotia-tions with tyrants like Raul Castro, the very least he could do is to force this nation to follow the law on this simple matter and take back these criminals into his own country. Listen, when it comes to Iran and Cuba, the President must put national security and the well-being of the United States before his political legacy. 
Again, I thank my colleague and 
friend from North Carolina for this Special Order today in order to bring these very important issues to the American people. 
Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina. 
Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACK -
BURN ). 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. I thank the gen-
tlewoman from North Carolina for pull-ing us together. 
Madam Speaker, when you talk 
about issues that are women’s issues, right now national security is at the top of the heap. 
As we have talked about soccer 
moms and Walmart moms and all of these other iterations and descriptions during the years, right now we are looking at a category of security moms 
because the issue of security is what mothers are talking about. 
I appreciate so much the gentle-
woman from North Carolina’s leader-ship, and we have two other colleagues who have yet to join us—Ms. R
OS- 
LEHTINEN from Florida and Mrs. L UM-
MISfrom Wyoming—to talk about this 
issue. 
Coast to coast, this is what people 
are talking about, and they sit in dis-belief at what this administration is doing. 
Whether it is Iran or whether it is 
other foreign policy, our friends and al-lies look at us, as the gentlewoman from Alabama said, and they ask: ‘‘What are you doing? Where have you been? What are you thinking?’’ As we would say in Nashville, ‘‘They have got a thinking problem.’’ 
Our enemies look at us and say: 
‘‘Asleep at the wheel. This is our op-portunity.’’ That is exactly what Iran is doing, and they are looking at what we are doing to our military. 
I thank the gentlewoman from Ala-
bama for talking about her love for Fort Rucker and the men and women there. I know the gentlewoman prob-ably sits down with those in her dis-trict at Fort Rucker, like I do with the families, with the leadership team, with the men and women in uniform at Fort Campbell, which is located in my district. 
They are terribly concerned. They 
have a mission to fulfill, and it is des-picable that this administration will continue to try to cut and cut and cut our military, cut the numbers, don’t give them raises, don’t give them all the tools and training, don’t give them the Flying Hours Program that they need for redeployment. 
Guess what, Madam Speaker. Every 
bit of that affects the effectiveness of our men and women in uniform. 
The gentlewoman from Alabama will 
expand on the point of the cuts that are taking place at Fort Rucker and what that means to her constituents. 
Mrs. ROBY. Madam Speaker, I appre-
ciate the gentlewoman and just her shared concern here that we have for our men and women in uniform, for Army aviators, and for their families as well. 
If the sequester goes into full effect 
not only when we are cutting from 12 CABs now—combat aviation brigades— to 10, there is a potential that we could have to go to 9. 
What that means directly for Rucker 
is that we will decrease our student load, the number of Army aviation pi-lots that we are training. What that means for our country is that we are no longer ready. 
I mean, you could make the argu-
ment that that, in fact, is the case now. They are going to do everything we ask them to do with what they have. We know that about the United States military, the best in the world. Yet, we are spreading them more and more thin. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:19 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.067 H14JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5157 July 14, 2015 
We are fighting an enemy overseas 
right now. Whether you want to call it ‘‘war’’ or not, it is happening, and our men and women are in harm’s way. There are boots on the ground, and if these cuts move forward, they are going to suffer more. 
I appreciate the gentlewoman for 
drawing attention to Rucker, and I know that she feels as passionately as I about the military. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. I do, indeed. The gentlewoman makes a point that 
is so very important, the readiness and the ability to fight 21st-century war-fare on a lot of different fronts. 
Madam Speaker, my colleagues and I 
will say part of that is naming and knowing your enemy, radical Islamist extremists. That is the enemy, and that is one of the reasons that this deal that the President announced this morning is so terribly disturbing to us. 
His advisors had said that no deal is 
better than a bad deal. Guess what. What we saw from the President this morning is a pretty bad deal. 
Here is what Iran gets to keep in this 
deal: 5,060 centrifuges. It includes an 8- year limitation on uranium enrich-ment. Think about that, an 8-year lim-itation. 
So, then, are we setting a time cer-
tain that Iran can move forward? This is something that our constituents and the American people need to know about. 
Then you look at the other compo-
nents of this, the IAEA’s not having the ability to just move forward and inspect anytime anywhere, but having to give that 2-week notice. That is something, again, of tremendous con-cern. 
The President has threatened to veto 
any legislation that impedes the nu-clear deal. My hope is that Congress is going to stand up and say ‘‘no’’ to the President in this deal and that we will say ‘‘yes’’ to increasing the security of this Nation. 
Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina. 
Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from Wyoming (Mrs. L
UMMIS ). 
Mrs. LUMMIS. Madam Speaker, I 
thank the gentlewoman from North Carolina for sponsoring this Special Order, which allows the women of the Republican Conference to talk about an issue that is affecting all Ameri-cans, men and women. 
Benjamin Netanyahu is calling this 
deal a historic mistake. Historic. Think about Israel and history. And when you have its prime minister call-ing this a historic mistake, we should be paying attention. 
Madam Speaker, there is a very real 
and present danger of nuclear prolifera-tion because of this deal; so it is crit-ical that America not let her military preparedness for deterrence deterio-rate. It will have exactly the opposite effect of that which the administration intends. 
Consequently, we need all three legs 
of the nuclear triad—land, air, and water—for a strong defense and deter-rence against attack. With a triad of 
bombers, submarines, and ICBMs, mis-siles are the most affordable, and they are on alert, protecting America and deterring her enemies 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. 
We should be talking with Poland, 
with the Czech Republic, and we should make sure that they have an adequate missile defense. We are going to have to start talking to Saudi Arabia. 
If Israel and Saudi Arabia are already 
today talking about the consequences of a deal with Iran, what does that tell you? It tells you just what the gentle-woman from Alabama was telling us a few minutes ago when they visited there, which is that security in Saudi Arabia—homeland security—is an enor-mous issue. 
It is because there are always terror-
ists coming into Saudi Arabia, trying to get at Mecca and Medina, trying to do something that will cause a con-flagration around the world, that will incite religious battles. 
When they have one of their most 
feared adversaries now being in a posi-tion after 8 years and having now the money because of the lifting of the sanctions to go ahead with a nuclear program, what do you think they are going to do? What are the Saudis going to do? It is critical that we maintain for world peace and the deterrence of nuclear war our own ability to respond and to deter. 
Madam Chairman, I thank you for 
this Special Order, and I thank you for your diligent work in this regard. 
Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina. 
Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from Florida (Ms. R
OS- 
LEHTINEN ). 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Madam Speak-
er, I want to thank my friend and col-league and chair of the Republican Women’s Policy Committee, Congress-woman R
ENEE ELLMERS , for leading the 
charge on this Special Order so that we can discuss issues of national security. 
As we have heard, Madam Speaker, 
and will continue to hear tonight, there is no shortage of national secu-rity threats that are facing us today. That is not what should scare us. 
What should scare us is that the 
Obama administration has no strategy, no plan in place, to address some of the most serious threats that are out there. 
Perhaps the most pressing issue cur-
rently facing U.S. national security, the security of our friend and ally, really—the Democratic Jewish State of Israel—and, indeed, global security is a nuclear-armed Iran. 
b1645 
If we want to discuss national secu-
rity threats, we can spend all day dis-cussing the ones the administration just set into motion when it and the rest of the P5+1 nations announced this nuclear agreement with Iran. 
Let’s set aside for a moment, Madam 
Speaker, the fact that the administra-tion just guaranteed that Iran will be-come a nuclear threshold state as a re-
sult of this deal, and we can all set our timers on when that first Iranian bomb will be produced thanks to this weak and dangerous deal. 
Let’s focus on the fact that the ad-
ministration just guaranteed that the Iranian regime’s billions of dollars that it is going to have to fill its coffers to underwrite its support for terror aimed at the U.S. and aimed at our interests around the world and especially our ally the democratic Jewish State of Israel. 
Remember, this is the same regime 
that was responsible for building and providing the vast majority of roadside bombs that killed and injured thou-sands of our brave men and women who served valiantly in Iraq. It is the same regime that has propped up the mur-derous Assad regime in Syria, that sup-ports the Shiite militias, all of which contributed greatly to the rise of the Sunni terror group ISIL, which has now become one of the greatest threats to U.S. national security as well. 
This regime is responsible for the 
bombing of the U.S. Marine barracks and the U.S. Embassy bombings in Bei-rut and continues to support Hezbollah and Hamas as the terror groups that target Israel. 
If this terrifying scenario wasn’t bad 
enough, Madam Speaker, the Obama administration has included in this sweetheart of a deal for the Iranian re-gime lifting all U.N. Security Council resolutions, including the arms embar-go, and that won’t even last the dura-tion of the deal, but it will be only in 5 years. 
Madam Speaker, what has Iran done 
to deserve a lifting of the arms embar-go, the lifting of sanctions against its ballistic missile program, its support for terror? Iran, in fact, continues to stoke sectarian violence, foments in-stability in the Middle East, flexing its muscles with the arms and military equipment that it already has. 
Now, we are prepared to lift the arms 
embargo on that murderous regime, lift the restrictions in place on its bal-listic missile program, the most expan-sive program out of any country in the region. 
What kind of message did we just 
send to our partners in the region who fear Iran’s hegemonic ambitions? We just allowed their most feared enemy to become a nuclear state, to have ac-cess to have even more money to sup-port its illicit activities, and to bolster its conventional weapons and ballistic missile program. 
Talk about threats to our national 
security, Madam Speaker—wow. This nuclear deal that the Obama adminis-tration announced this morning just guaranteed an all-out conventional and nuclear arms race that very well could lead to what the President claimed he was trying to avoid, a war. 
Whether it is Iran or whether it is 
Cuba, as Mrs. B
LACK of Tennessee 
pointed out, President Obama is going legacy shopping. I fear that Israel will 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:19 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.068 H14JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5158 July 14, 2015 
be next on Obama’s legacy shopping 
list. I worry that President Obama will force Israel to accept a bad peace deal with the Palestinians. 
Madam Speaker, let’s shut down 
Obama’s legacy store. We just can’t af-ford it. I would like to thank Mrs. E
LLMERS for her leadership on this na-
tional security threat. 
Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina. I 
now yield to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. S
TEFANIK ). 
Ms. STEFANIK. Madam Speaker, 
just this past Monday the Iraqi Gov-ernment declared that it was beginning a major military operation to retake western Anbar province from ISIS. This area of operation, including major cities of Ramadi and Fallujah, is the same region which ISIS seized this past May. 
Following this announcement, Amer-
ican-led coalition airstrikes permeated Anbar province. I fervently support U.S. and coalition military targeted airstrikes which continue to attack the Islamic State within Syria and Iraq. Along with airstrikes, U.S. troops serve as a part of an advise and assist role in Iraq and continue to do so in Af-ghanistan. 
Since September 11, 2001, the Army’s 
10th Mountain Division has been the most actively deployed division to Iraq and Afghanistan, and I am honored to represent the 10th Mountain Division, a light infantry division comprised of competent, resilient, and skilled war-riors. 
In New York’s north country, we un-
derstand what fighting for our Nation’s liberties and freedoms truly means; and come this winter, during the holi-days, when we are at home with our loved ones, these brave soldiers from the 10th Mountain Division will be serving our Nation in highly kinetic combat zones. 
When I speak against ISIS, their bar-
baric tactics, and the instability they create around the world, I am speaking for my constituents, the brave service-men and -women who are overseas right now, fighting to protect our na-tional security. 
I speak for their loved ones, the mili-
tary families who are back in the north country at Fort Drum, worrying about their safety, and looking forward to the day they arrive back home. 
This is why I am extremely frus-
trated when cuts to our defense budget continue. Sequestration is a real threat to our national security. Sequestration was proposed by this administration, signed into law by this President, and passed by a previous Congress. 
As ISIS remains a major source of 
terrorism and instability throughout the Middle East, here, in Congress, we must discuss real solutions related to stabilizing the region, continued threats to our own national security, the readiness for our Armed Forces, and the tools they need to keep our country safe. 
The National Defense Authorization 
Act provides our Nation’s Armed Forces with the resources they need to 
defend our national security against ISIS, and soon, this imperative piece of legislation will be on its way to the President for his signature. 
A veto could threaten the safety of 
our Nation’s servicemembers and our country’s defense. Our national secu-rity is gravely at risk, as long as ISIS remains intact and our troops are tasked with doing more with less. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in 
supporting our Armed Forces in fight-ing against defense sequestration, and I implore this President to sign the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act. 
Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina. I 
would like to say how much I appre-ciate receiving General Townsend to the XVIII Airborne Corps as com-manding general from the 10th Moun-tain Division. 
I know that you appreciate him as 
much as I do. 
Ms. STEFANIK. Absolutely. Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina. I 
now yield to the gentlewoman from Ar-izona (Ms. M
CSALLY ). 
Ms. M CSALLY. Madam Chair, I ap-
preciate you organizing this so that the women in our Conference can speak about something that is vitally impor-tant to our communities. 
Everywhere I go in my district, my 
constituents are concerned about the security of our Nation and making sure that our men and women in uniform have everything they need in order to defend America. 
Having served 26 years in uniform 
myself and representing a district of 85,000 veterans and two military bases, right now, we have over 750 of them de-ployed overseas in the fight against ISIS and also to work with our allies to deter Russian aggression. 
People are deeply concerned about 
what appears to be—and not just ap-pears to be—a failed defense strategy and foreign policy out of this adminis-tration. I can tell you, as I look around the world—and I have been doing na-tional security for 30 years—we are in a more dangerous world than I have ever seen in my lifetime. I have got the experience of six combat deployments and a couple master’s degrees. 
Taking a look at this, we don’t have 
enough time in an hour to go around the world with the threats that are emanating. The one that is obviously taking up the news today is the bad deal related to Iran and their march to-wards a nuclear capability. 
I am going to read the whole thing 
tonight and tomorrow and make sure that we see all the details, but it seems like, on its surface, the goalposts have been moved; and the deal that has been negotiated is one where, myopically, this administration wanted to get a deal, really at all costs. 
That cost is quite high to our na-
tional security, to the security of our friends and our allies, with significant destabilization in the Middle East, while we have Iran, which is the great-est state sponsor of terror, continuing to destabilize and fight proxy wars in 
the region and continuing to threaten Americans. 
They have blood on their hands of 
American soldiers in Iraq and in Leb-anon and other places. They are con-tinuing to threaten Israel, desta-bilizing the region, and propping up nonstate actors in their proxy wars; and none of that is changing. 
Now, we basically are legitimizing 
that and not addressing any of these other issues while potentially lifting the arms embargo. This is potentially a very reckless direction that we are going in. My constituents have been talking to me even today about the concerns and just the myopic focus of this administration on this particular bad deal. 
If we take a larger view of the Middle 
East, there appears to be an absolutely incoherent strategy in the larger Mid-dle East. While we have Qasem Soleimani, the general responsible for the Quds Force, responsible for all these terrorist activities that I men-tioned, actually commanding the ground forces in Iraq to take back Tikrit, while we are providing the air power and sort of pretending that we are not operating in the same space for the same objectives, then we see what Iran is doing to continue to destabilize both in Yemen, in their support to Hamas and Hezbollah. 
All of this is just absolutely incoher-
ent. If you were to try to ask somebody what are we trying to do in the Middle East relative to Iran, which is the hegemon in the room, as a state spon-sor of terror, I don’t think anybody could really answer that. I don’t think this President can answer this. There is deep concern about this lack of co-herency. 
When it comes to the fight against 
ISIS, we are doing these anemic at-tacks from the air. Having been a fighter pilot myself and having been in-volved in the targeting process—from being a flight lead in an A–10, all the way up to running the counterterror-ism operations in Africa—I am very fa-miliar with the targeting process. 
We are in a situation where ISIS is 
continuing to gain momentum, to re-cruit foreign fighters. Over 20,000 have been recruited, and it looks like they are taking us on, and they are winning because we are putting the bar so high on what targets that we can actually strike—legitimate targets that we are having pilots fly away from—and let continue to thrive and murder massive numbers of civilians in Iraq and Syria; gaining a foothold; gaining territory; and, in using social media, gaining new recruits because it looks like they are winning. 
We have an absolute incoherent mili-
tary strategy in the fight against ISIS not using our power in the way that it should be used, with all that it can bring to the fight, in order to achieve our national security objectives. 
We had the Secretary of Defense and 
the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:19 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.070 H14JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5159 July 14, 2015 
front of us on the House Armed Serv-
ices Committee a couple weeks ago, where they said, related to this strat-egy, hope is not a strategy, but it looks like that is exactly what we are relying on. We are hoping that the Iraqis have an inclusive government, which they have shown time and time again that they are failing to do. 
While Iraq has their national secu-
rity interests certainly in the region, we have our own interests in making sure that ISIS does not gain a strong foothold with resources and the desire to recruit, train, and inspire individ-uals to attack Americans and take away our way of life. This strategy has just been failed coming out of this ad-ministration. 
Russia, just another example, the 
squadron that I commanded is soon coming back from a deployment to Russia, A–10s over in the region to help assure and train our allies against the continued aggression that we are see-ing from Russia. 
Our incoming potential Chairman of 
the Joint Chiefs declared last week in a hearing that he believes Russia is actu-ally the largest threat that we are po-tentially dealing with; yet the weak-ness from this administration in stand-ing up and leading to defend our na-tional security interests and reassure our allies is allowing Putin to fill that vacuum. 
The Baltics and the other allies that 
are in the region, after basically the Russians were able to invade Ukraine, are wondering who is next and what is at stake with our NATO partners. This is just another example. 
What China is doing in the South and 
East China Seas is just one more exam-ple of us not leading and not being able to assure our allies, showing weakness. Our friends are wondering can they count on us anymore, and our enemies are no longer afraid of us. This is the dangerous world we are in. 
Some of these factors were going to 
be happening anyway, but American leadership can make or break situa-tions, and we can change the course of international events if we are leading or not leading. This administration says that they are leading from behind. In the military, we call that following. There is no such thing as leading from behind. 
We need to make sure we have a 
strong national security strategy, that we have a capable military. The impact sequestration is having on our mili-tary, I have friends and individuals I know that are still serving and trying to serve, and they are rearranging deck chairs right now, trying to deal with the lack of resources and diminishing capabilities in training and readiness. 
That is not a strategy-based budget; 
that is a budget-based strategy. I have been very strong in speaking against sequestration. I think we need to work together in order to make sure we can give the men and women in the mili-tary everything they need to defend America. The last point I will make—and there 
are many to make, but we don’t have enough time—is that we have passed the National Defense Authorization Act for the last 54 years. 
b1700 
This is an important piece of legisla-
tion that gives the troops the author-ization, the pay raises, and everything that they need—combating sexual as-sault—all the different things that we have authorized in the NDAA, and this President is threatening to veto it. 
I really hope that those around 
America who are listening to this will rise up and call their Members of Con-gress, call their Senators, call the White House and tell them that you don’t play politics with our men and women in uniform. This is about na-tional security and national defense. You need to sign that bill. 
We are working through conference 
right now to hopefully get it done be-fore we go into recess. This is an im-portant piece of legislation, and we should not be playing political games with our national security. 
So thank you, Madam Chairman, for 
organizing this. Thanks for the oppor-tunity to come down and speak on be-half of our constituents, on behalf of those in my district right now that are serving overseas, the men and women in uniform. We owe it to them to make sure that we have a strong national se-curity, that we have a strong military, we give them everything they need, and that we provide leadership in the world. 
We have got to continue to provide 
oversight to the failed foreign policy and defense policy of this administra-tion, and I look forward to continuing these discussions. 
Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina. I 
thank the gentlewoman. 
Madam Speaker, on behalf of the 
members of the Republican Women’s Policy Committee, I would like to end this Special Order today by thanking our troops and their families. These men and women voluntarily venture into harm’s way to protect our free-doms, ideals, and way of life. 
It is equally as important that we 
recognize the sacrifices that military spouses and children make as well. They deserve our unwavering support for putting the safety and security of our country first. 
May God continue to bless this great 
Nation and our men and women in uni-form. 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time to conclude this Spe-cial Order on national security. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-
VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2898, WESTERN WATER AND AMERICAN FOOD SECURITY ACT OF 2015, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3038, HIGHWAY AND TRANSPORTATION FUNDING ACT OF 2015, PART II 
Mr. NEWHOUSE (during the Special 
Order of Mrs. E
LLMERS of North Caro-lina), from the Committee on Rules, 
submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–204) on the resolution (H. Res. 362) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2898) to provide drought relief in the State of California, and for other purposes, and providing for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 3038) to provide an extension of Federal-aid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
REPORT ON H.R. 3049, AGRI-
CULTURE, RURAL DEVELOP-MENT, FOOD AND DRUG ADMIN-ISTRATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
Mr. ADERHOLT (during the Special 
Order of Mrs. E
LLMERS of North Caro-
lina), from the Committee on Appro-priations, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–205) on the bill (H.R. 3049) making appropriations for Agri-culture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies programs for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, which was referred to the Union Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 1, rule XXI, all points of order are reserved on the bill. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER 
AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 2722 
Mr. GRIFFITH. Madam Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that my name be removed as a cosponsor of H.R. 2722. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? 
There was no objection. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER 
AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 2722 
Mr. HILL. Madam Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that my name be removed as a cosponsor of H.R. 2722. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Arkansas? 
There was no objection. 
f 
MAKE IT IN AMERICA 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ) is recognized 
for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Madam Speaker, 
we are going to spend about an hour here talking about something that is of great importance to the American peo-ple, to the economy, to the strength of America, and, indeed, the discussion we just heard about national security. It 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:19 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.071 H14JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5160 July 14, 2015 
is about how we can build the Amer-
ican economy and build jobs for the working men and women of this coun-try, the great middle class. 
There will be much discussion in the 
days ahead about the Iran nuclear deal. That will be something that is of im-portance. But today, one question that we ought to ask each other is: If we don’t have a deal, then what? The an-swer to that is: Nothing good. 
Let’s talk about Make It In America. 
This is an agenda that the minority whip put together about 4 years ago, and it is about building the American economy, how we can do it. The Make It In America agenda has moved along these last 4 years, almost 5 years now, with numerous pieces of legislation, and we are going to talk about those. 
Last week, the minority whip, Mr. 
S
TENY HOYER , put together a hearing 
on this subject matter, and those Democrats that have introduced legis-lation over these many years and have reintroduced that legislation testified at the hearing about their pieces of leg-islation. 
The result of that was, wow, what if 
we did those things? What if we actu-ally passed those pieces of legislation? What if they became law? Well, I tell you what it would mean. What it would mean is an enormous opportunity for this economy to grow and for the great American middle class to enjoy higher wages, more jobs, and more oppor-tunity. 
Essentially, the legislation came 
down in these various ways. We had trade legislation. For example, the big discussion we have had over the last 3 months about trade policy and the Trans-Pacific Partnership is extremely important for American manufac-turing. Done properly, it probably would grow American manufacturing. On the other hand, what we have seen in the many years previously is that trade policy can hollow out, destroy American manufacturing. So we talked about trade policy. 
One issue of extreme importance to 
me is the maintenance of the Buy America provisions. This is law that has been in place for more than 50 years, and it essentially says, if you are going to spend American taxpayer money, then spend it on American- made goods and equipment. 
Tax policy is extremely important. 
You can, as present tax policy is set in place, encourage the offshoring of American jobs. American corporations are taking their capital, running off to the lowest wage rate country in the world, planting their capital there, building their manufacturing facilities, and leaving behind the American work-er. So there are numerous ideas on tax policy. 
Energy policy is another issue. We 
now know that we have had a very ro-bust, large expansion of American en-ergy production, natural gas and oil, so much so that we are likely to ship off in the days ahead liquefied natural gas. Well, if we do a little bit of that, it is probably okay. If we do too much of 
that, we raise American prices for en-ergy, and then we are going to see less robust American manufacturing. 
On labor policy, it is about how we 
encourage labor, wage rates, and the reeducation for those men and women that have lost their jobs. Education and research and development are ex-tremely important. 
These are the essential elements of 
the Make It In America policy. We will be talking about all of these today. 
As my colleagues come in, I want to 
welcome them to the floor. I see our colleague from the great Northeast, A
NNKUSTER , here. If you would like to 
talk about some of your legislation on Make It In America, we would be de-lighted to have you join us. I know that you have been working on this a long time in your area, and you have introduced bills in the last Congress and you have new bills in this Con-gress. 
Ms. KUSTER. Mr. G
ARAMENDI , I ap-
preciate you yielding, and I appreciate you taking the time to share with the American people our Make It In Amer-ica agenda. I really want to thank you for the fantastic work that you have been doing on growing domestic manu-facturing in the country. 
We are joined by our wonderful lead-
er, Mr. S
TENY HOYER , and his leader-
ship on this issue is now legendary. So thank you for that. 
New Hampshire has had a long his-
tory of being a leader in the manufac-turing industry, all the way back to the paper mills at the turn of the cen-tury, the textile mills. At one point in Manchester, New Hampshire, we made a mile of cloth a day, and we were lead-ers in that. 
So from the beginning of the time 
that I have served here in Congress, I have been highly focused on how we can support successful local businesses and embrace innovation to help move our manufacturing economy into the 21st century. 
In New Hampshire and across the 
country, we have some of the hardest working and most innovative compa-nies in the world. I have had the oppor-tunity to visit dozens of companies in my congressional district, visiting manufacturing companies, community 
colleges, community groups, and orga-nizations all across the Granite State that are harnessing these new tech-nologies to revitalize the manufac-turing sector and breathe new life into our industry. 
In Keene, New Hampshire, in the 
southwest corner of my district, for ex-ample, we have a Regional Center for Advanced Manufacturing, bringing to-gether leaders from the community, from the K–12 school unit there, public schools, from our community college— River Valley Community College—our State university system—Keene State University—and students and leaders from all across the region learning and teaching the trades of tomorrow. 
Coming up in October, New Hamp-
shire will celebrate a full Manufac-turing Week. It is a fabulous program. 
It started out 1 day; it has now ex-ploded into a whole week. Hundreds, if not thousands, of students from the high schools will come into our manu-facturing companies and will have a chance to see firsthand what this looks like, these CNC machines and the com-puterized precision manufacturing. 
This is not your grandfather’s fac-
tory. It is not dirty. It is not noisy. In fact, it is pristine clean. The machines are run on computerized programming, and every employee in the company needs to have the latest in education and talent. People will be able to come in to the companies and see what the work is that is going on. 
I have had the chance to see the CNC 
computerized machines working with wood, working with textiles, working in glass, even counting and organizing eggs at a wonderful Pete and Gerry’s Organic Eggs farm. 
The problem is that, during the last 
several decades, lower wages, lack of access to education and skill training, and changes in our global economy have stacked the deck against our U.S. manufacturers. These issues are stand-ing in the way of innovation. 
So that is why we have all come to-
gether with this Make It In America agenda: to make the right policy changes to help level the playing field so that our manufacturers can grow and successfully create more jobs. That is my number one priority: jobs and economic development. 
As part of the Make It In America 
agenda that I am supporting, we have developed a strong, comprehensive plan to help manufacturers thrive in the 21st century. The great thing about manufacturing, as my good colleague, Mr. G
ARAMENDI , has pointed out, is 
whether you are working on transpor-tation policy, education, taxes, regu-latory issues, trade, or most any other issue, we can take actions that help manufacturers. And that is exactly what our Make It In America agenda is seeking to do. 
One bill that I introduced—and I am 
working hard to include it in the agen-da, and I am working hard to pass—is the Workforce Development Invest-ment Act. What this important piece of legislation would do is create a tax break for employers who partner with community colleges to provide skill training for specific jobs in their re-spective industries. 
As I go around visiting these compa-
nies, they do have jobs available, but they don’t always have people in the community with the skills that they need. And so, for example, at Nashua Community College, we got funding to create a new program that would train people in this advanced manufacturing, precision manufacturing computerized techniques, and those people will come out with a 2-year associates degree and walk directly into jobs at $55,000 with great benefits and a great quality of life right there in New Hampshire. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:19 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.074 H14JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5161 July 14, 2015 
My legislation would do all of this by 
encouraging greater collaboration be-tween community colleges and employ-ers to make sure that students not only have the right skills to succeed, but are on a path to employment when they graduate. 
So again, I thank Mr. H
OYER , Mr. 
GARAMENDI , and everyone else who has 
worked to shape this strong manufac-turing agenda. I am proud to be a part of it. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Ms. K
USTER , 
thank you so very, very much. I think New Hampshire is very fortunate to have your leadership on manufac-turing. I think I want to go up there and watch your Manufacturing Week. Now, I am not running for President, so that is not why I would go. 
I notice that we have our leader, who 
has put together this program over the last 5 years. He has geared us up with the hearing last week with all of the members of the Democratic Caucus that have introduced legislation. 
Mr. H
OYER , you are our leader. You 
have made Make It In America an American agenda. Thank you so much for that leadership. Thank you for being here and for last week’s con-ference. We have got more work to do. We need to get all this legislation in place. I know with your leadership we have got a good shot at it. 
Mr. H
OYER , welcome. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank you very much, 
Mr. G ARAMENDI . You do such an ex-
traordinary job for California—and have for a long period of time—but you are doing an extraordinary job here in Washington on behalf of America, on behalf of America’s workers, on behalf of manufacturers, and on behalf of making sure that we make it here and sell it here and everywhere. That is what Make It In America is about. No-body, including myself, has been any more tenacious in informing people about this agenda, and I thank you for that. 
b1715 
I want to thank A
NNKUSTER . Con-
gresswoman K USTER and I had an op-
portunity to visit a really neat manu-facturing facility in her district not too long ago. 
They were excited about what they 
were doing, and they were excited, as she has pointed out, about making their business more technology focused and making it more efficient and more productive and, yes, more profitable; but the good news is they were retain-ing jobs in that effort. I thank Con-gresswoman K
USTER . 
I want to thank D ONNORCROSS , who 
is a new Member of the Congress, but not new to supporting Make It In America—he may not have called it Make It In America in New Jersey—but Make It In America legislation and policies. D
ONNORCROSS comes from a 
background of a working family, and he has made them proud and made us proud, and we welcome him to this ef-fort. I noticed also that S
HEILA JACKSON  
LEEfrom Houston is also on the floor, 
who has been a tenacious and very, very faithful spokesperson and worker on behalf of Make It In America. 
I am proud to share with my col-
leagues that House Democrats held a hearing, as has been mentioned, this past Thursday to begin exploring how to improve, expand, and adapt the Make It In America plan to meet the needs and challenges of 2015 and be-yond. 
As a matter of fact, one of the things 
we want to find out is how we can bet-ter create an environment for new technologies, for new ways of doing business, for new ways of making it in America. 
Representative G
ARAMENDI was one 
of 34 Members who participated at last week’s hearing. For the past 5 years, we have worked together in a bipar-tisan way to enact already 16 Make It In America bills into law. 
These bills included measures to 
clear the backlog of patent applica-tions, reauthorize the America COM-PETES Act, and expand investments in workforce development, which is what Mr. G
ARAMENDI was talking about and 
Ms. K USTER was talking about in terms 
of training people for the new tech-nologies. 
If we are going to compete worldwide 
in this global marketplace in which we now find ourselves, America is going to be the high value end of the global marketplace. As a result, we need to make sure that we educate and train people to effectively participate and compete and succeed in that high-tech environment. 
For the past 5 years, Make It In 
America has been focused on creating the conditions that encourage, as I said, business to innovate, manufac-ture, and create jobs here in the United States of America. 
Now, with the rise of new tech-
nologies with the potential of trans-forming our economy, it is now time to update the Make It In America plan to address today’s challenges and build on past successes. 
That is why, Madam Speaker, the 
hearing that House Democrats held on Thursday was the first in what will be a series of hearings to solicit feedback from Members, entrepreneurs, job cre-ators, in other words, economists, innovators, and others who have in-sights to share how we can be more successful in creating jobs and com-peting. These hearings are entitled: ‘‘Make It In America: What’s Next?’’ 
Five years have gone by. Cir-
cumstances have changed. Challenges have changed. Opportunities have changed. We need to be making sure that we are in a position to seize those opportunities on behalf of all of our people. This is a process of listening, learning, and then implementing the best ideas that emerge. 
Thursday’s hearings—Mr. 
G
ARAMENDI , you participated in them; 
you were one of the leaders there, which highlighted Members’ ideas and 
feedback they have received from speaking and meeting with constitu-ents back home—was a great success. 
I want to emphasize that. We take, 
from time to time, breaks, and we call them district work periods, and some people call them vacations. 
Almost every Member on both sides 
of the aisle use a district work period to go among their constituents, go to businesses, go to schools, go to con-struction sites, go to offices, and talk to people about what they think. 
That is what our Founding Fathers 
had in mind: House Members, close to the people, listen to the people, bring their views here. That is what we did at this hearing. 
We heard about the economic impact 
of the so-called Internet of things, which—in my generation, what lan-guage are you speaking, Internet of things—which uses wireless technology to connect everyday objects, your home, your refrigerator, your air con-ditioner, your television, everyday ob-jects; we are all connected now. 
We also heard about maker faires and 
fab labs, where students and profes-sionals alike can transform tinkering into innovation. I sometimes say, Mr. G
ARAMENDI , that one of the policies 
that we ought to do is we ought to—a previous President talked about a chicken in every pot. 
We ought to give a garage to every 
graduating high school student. It seems everything is generated in a ga-rage in America. Although, as B
ILL 
FOSTER pointed out, these fab labs and 
maker faires were perhaps the new ga-rages of our time. 
Representative G
ARAMENDI , as I said, 
was among those who spoke about new ways to help traditional manufac-turing, when he discussed the role our shipbuilding industry plays in helping American businesses move natural gas and other goods to market at home and abroad. 
That shipbuilding industry was criti-
cally important to us winning in World War II. Now, as Mr. G
ARAMENDI pointed 
out, it is a shadow of its former self, and we need to rebuild it, and we need to be shipping goods on American fleets. 
These were just some of the things 
that came up in the hearing, and I en-courage all of my colleagues and all Americans to go online to democraticwhip.gov and read Members’ testimonies. 
Ms. K
USTER ’s testimony is on that, 
Mr. G ARAMENDI ’s, and Mr. N ORCROSS ’ 
testimony is on the Web; and you can see their perspective, add them all to-gether, and we come up with a powerful agenda to create jobs in America. 
That is what we are focused on; that 
is what the people want us focused on, and that is what we are going to work on. That is what Make It In America is all about. 
I want to express my gratitude, 
again, to all the Members who partici-pated in the first hearing, including, of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:19 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.075 H14JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5162 July 14, 2015 
course, the leader of this Special Order, 
Mr. G ARAMENDI from California, and I 
thank him for yielding. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. H OYER , none 
of this would be happening were it not for your leadership. You brought us to-gether, 34 Members of the Democratic Caucus, each with one or more specific pieces of legislation to move the Make It In America agenda, so that Ameri-cans can have those middle class jobs and beyond and above and, in the proc-ess, grow the American economy. It is the fair way to do it. It is the right way to do it; grow the American economy in a fair way so that those middle class jobs are there. 
It is the future; it has been the past; 
it can be the future with the legisla-tion, and each one of these ideas— trade, taxes, energy, labor, education, research and infrastructure—the 34 Members of your caucus brought forth legislation in each and every one of those areas. 
Mr. HOYER. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. GARAMENDI. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Maryland. 
Mr. HOYER. The last item on there is 
infrastructure. When you build infra-structure in America, you don’t create jobs any place other than America. 
We are hopefully going to have a 
highway bill; and we need a permanent highway bill, a long-term, 6-year min-imum highway bill, so that we lend confidence to the marketplace that the infrastructure is going to be in place because, if we are going to Make It In America, a good, solid competitive in-
frastructure is absolutely essential. 
I thank the gentleman for that list. I 
thank him for his work. I thank him for the—I will say a few things while the gentleman is restoring Make It In America to its rightful place. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. I am going to 
move this thing along. I see several of our other colleagues have joined us here. 
S
HEILA JACKSON LEE, you said you 
had a brief presentation. Please take the floor, then Mr. N
ORCROSS , and then 
we will—M ARCY KAPTUR is here from 
Ohio. Here we go. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Let me add my 
appreciation as well to be one of those Members who joined Mr. H
OYER 5 years 
ago to emphasize that Make It In America is a double win. Make It In America, and we will make it in Amer-ica, and that is what this message has been. I want to thank my good friend from California for leading this effort. 
I just want to read what many of our 
constituents appreciate as being part of this Make It In America. The fair trade concept, taxes, energy, labor, education, research, and infrastruc-ture, all of these are part, if they work fairly for the working man and woman. 
I highlighted The Wall Street Jour-
nal earlier this year, 2014 marked the best year for job growth in 15 years, with employers adding 2.95 million jobs, and the unemployment rate fall-ing to a postrecession low of 5.6 per-cent. For the first time since the recession 
ended, payrolls are expected to grow. In all of America’s cities and through-out the U.S., they are expected to add another 2.6 million jobs. 
Houston is ranked as a top city for 
STEM occupations, jobs requiring a de-gree in science, technology, engineer-ing, and math. Of course, we are en-gaged in the energy sector, and for that, we need employees. 
All of my colleagues who believe in 
Make It In America collectively have put in place nearly 100 additional bills that have been introduced to focus on Make It In America. As well, all of us have focused on this concept of skills training. 
I introduced H.R. 73, the America 
RISING Act of 2015, which stands for Realizing the Informational Skills and Initiative of New Graduates, estab-lishing a grant program for stipends to assist in the cost of compensation paid by employers to certain recent college graduates and provide funding for their further education in subjects relating to mathematics, science, engineering, and technology. 
What I want to say this evening is 
that this is a movement that should continue. I am very delighted that America recognizes that manufac-turing is an economic engine. 
I want to make mention of the Hous-
ton Community College, that I have had a meeting with over the last week, to particularly focus on a new facility that we hope will be finalized that will have automotive technology at the highest level and manufacturing as part of its training. 
This is to help not only recent grad-
uates or individuals in what we call early college, but it is to help adults to be retrained for important elements that will manufacture, something I want to see increased in Houston, and as well will have us at the highest lev-els of technology. 
It is no longer the auto mechanic; it 
is the automotive engineer, the person who knows how to deal with sophisti-cated electric cars, solar-driven cars, and others that make a difference in our lives. 
I want to thank the gentleman for 
having this very special Special Order, as he has done over the years and months, and to say that we are com-mitted to passing legislation, building infrastructure, increasing our edu-cation and research, and particularly providing a new generation an oppor-tunity for creating jobs and putting America, as it has been in the past, at the top in production; manufacturing; research; and, certainly, technology. 
I thank the gentleman. Thank you Congressman G
ARAMENDI for an-
choring this Special Order and yielding me time to share with our colleagues legislation I have introduced that comports with the prin-ciples underlying our Make It In America agen-da. 
Our Make it in America plan sets forth four 
central guiding posts: 1. We must adopt and pursue a well-developed national manufac-turing strategy that begins right here in Amer-
ica. 2. We must promote the export of our manufacturing goods so that businesses can compete domestically and internationally. 3. We must also encourage businesses abroad to bring jobs and innovation back to the United States. 4. Lastly, and most importantly, we must train and educate a workforce that will secure the sustainability of this plan. 
As we continue this critical work of identi-
fying and advancing effective policy change for our communities and collectively through-out the nation, it is important that we acknowl-edge the great progress we have made. 
I supported the 16 Make It In America bills 
that have been signed into law by our Presi-dent. 
Additionally, as highlighted by the Wall 
Street Journal earlier this year, 2014 marked the best year for job growth in 15 years, with employers adding 2.95 million jobs and the unemployment rate falling to a post-recession low of 5.6%. 
For the first time since the recession ended, 
payrolls are expected to grow in all of Amer-ica’s cities and employers throughout the U.S. are expected to add another 2.65 million jobs this year. 
Houston is ranked as a top city for STEM 
occupations, jobs requiring a degree in science, technology, engineering and math re-lated subjects. 
Known as the ‘‘Energy Capital of the 
World’’, Houston has core strengths in the en-ergy sector, import/export trade activity, med-ical advancements and a diverse population that supports innovative growth. 
However, Houston and other cities across 
the nation remain at risk of stalemating any progress we have made or are projected to make if we do continue to open up our job market and expand opportunities in all cities across the nation. 
As we look to the pillars and priorities of our 
plan, which aims to ensure that these jobs are permanent and sustainable throughout all sec-tors and populations of America, it is important to keep sight of the nearly 100 additional bills my colleagues and I have introduced calling for strategic action and fair enhancement of our economy as we continue to experience this growth. 
American businesses can only remain com-
petitive when they have the trained and edu-cated workers they need. 
This is why I have introduced legislation that 
will help strengthen our education and skills- training programs to make sure our workers are getting the preparation and certifications they need while also providing an opportunity to find and retain work once trained with those high-demand skills. 
H.R. 73, the ‘‘America RISING Act of 2015’’ 
which stands for Realizing the Informational Skills and Initiative of New Graduates, estab-lishes a grant program for stipends to assist in the cost of compensation paid by employers to certain recent college graduates and provides funding for their further education in subjects relating to mathematics, science, engineering, and technology. 
ABOUT H .R. 73, THE‘‘AMERICA RISING ACT OF 2015 ’’ AND 
THE PROBLEM IT ADDRESSES  
According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, 
in 2012 the national unemployment rate for persons with a bachelor’s degree was 4.5% and 6.2% for those persons with associate’s degrees among college graduates aged 25 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:19 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.076 H14JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5163 July 14, 2015 
years and older. For college graduates aged 
18–25 these percentages were higher at 7.7%. 
Because the typical college graduate leaves 
college owing an average of $29,400, in stu-dent loan debt, a rate that has increased 6% every year since 2008, the current job market offers exceedingly few opportunities for them to obtain employment at a salary adequate to service their college loan debt. 
There are more than 26 million small busi-
nesses in the United States, of these more than 4 million are owned and operated by members of economically and socially dis-advantaged groups. 
In the current economic climate, small busi-
nesses are experiencing difficulty in finding the resources needed to increase sales, mod-ernize operations, and hire new employees. 
Recent college graduates need the experi-
ence that can be obtained only in the work-place to refine their skills and lay the ground-work for productive careers. 
Small and disadvantaged businesses need 
the technologically based problem-solving skills possessed by recent college graduates, particularly those with training in the areas of science, technology, engineering, and mathe-matics. 
Enabling recent graduates to obtain employ-
ment with small business and companies op-erating in economically distressed areas bene-fits the national economy by granting grad-uates deferred payments on their student loans with frozen interest rates while they gain essential business management experience that they can put into practice throughout their careers, while at the same time providing busi-nesses the human capital and technical exper-tise needed to compete and win in the global economy of the 21st century. 
The key elements of the program would be 
that the federal government would provide re-lief to a corps of recent college graduates in order for them to be deployed to assist strug-gling small and minority businesses in located in disadvantaged or economically depressed areas. 
These are the types of business that are 
most in need of the technical and knowledge based skills possessed by recent college grad-
uates but least able to afford them. 
The benefit to participants is three-fold: 1. 
The federal government would provide relief from the piling interest rates of graduates’ stu-dent loans by instating a freeze on their pay-ments for two years while graduates who have not obtained a STEM degree are able to pur-sue a second training course or certification program in the STEM fields with eligibility for federal financial assistance. 2. Those grad-uates, who would have completed a degree in the STEM fields within the past 24 months, will be eligible to receive deferment of the cost of previous school balances by obtaining two years of additional education in the STEM fields as well as federal financial aid to com-plete the training. 3. The program participants will gain valuable experience applying the knowledge learned in college to the workplace after graduation or during their re-training. 
In the long run the best way to guarantee 
America’s future economic prosperity is to de-velop and grow an entrepreneurial class of Americans that is broadly represented among all demographic groups. 
It is not enough to provide jobs that can be 
performed by the millions of low-skilled work-ers who need employment now. In a global economy, any such job provided 
cannot be protected over the long haul and cannot be made lucrative enough to sustain a middle class standard of living. 
Therefore, it is critical that there exist job 
training and retraining programs to enable workers to upgrade existing skills and to learn new ones. 
I invite all my colleagues to join me in co- 
sponsoring H.R. 73, the ‘‘America RISING Act of 2015,’’ which will help create the next gen-eration of entrepreneurs and businesses that will provide good-paying middle-class jobs for America. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Thank you very 
much, Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. I really appre-
ciate it. 
As we talk about each of these 
things, you are talking labor and edu-cation and the way they come together and, in doing so, increasing the produc-tivity and the ability of an American worker to get a job in the new manu-facturing world in which we are living. 
These things do come together, all of 
these pieces of the puzzle, 34 Members of the Caucus, over 100 pieces of legisla-tion in all of these areas. 
Joining us, Mr. N
ORCROSS , thank you 
very much for joining us today. You were, I think, introduced very nicely by the minority whip. Welcome. 
I yield to the gentleman from New 
Jersey (Mr. N
ORCROSS ). 
Mr. NORCROSS. Thank you. Cer-
tainly, we appreciate what you are doing here today, and that is high-lighting what is going on in America. In south Jersey, where I am from, born and raised, a half century ago, we knew what it was like to Make It In Amer-ica. 
I live in the Victor building, where 
the Victrolas used to be made. We are not making Victrolas anymore. The Victrola turned into RCA and then went on from there. My father’s first job was in the building I now live, which means they are not manufac-turing Victrolas there anymore. 
During the heyday, we built ships at 
New York shipyard. In fact, New York shipyard was where the very first nu-clear-powered merchant ship was made. 
Campbell Soup, who is still in our 
city, made soups, which now are known around the world. 
b1730 
But we look back over the last half 
century and see how things have changed. Many of those jobs have moved out because of bad trade deals. I had many, many empty warehouses and manufacturing plants where once thousands of people worked. 
But we are on the rise again. And I 
just want to highlight a couple of items that are going to help us make it in America again. 
We have a startup company by Dr. 
Singh, who was educated at the Univer-sity of Pennsylvania, and he is now going to make SMR, small modular re-actors, unconditionally safe, clean, car-bon-free. 
He was looking for a place to make 
them. And he literally could have gone anywhere in the world, where many of 
his products currently go. He is coming to Camden, New Jersey, here in Amer-ica. 
Why? Because of the educational sys-
tem. Because those men and women that are going to be trained there are here in America and understand that. 
Because we know in education not 
one size fits all. Most parents—and you hear it day in and day out, that they want to send their children to college. Well, the fact of the matter is not ev-erybody wants or needs to go to col-lege. 
We have those who are serving in the 
military, those in our trade programs. And we take a look at those trade pro-grams, they are the backbone of what is going to be happening in the next generation of making it in America. 
Because Dr. Singh is going to start 
out with 400 new employees and go to 1,000 after a few years, creating these new SMRs, which is high tech, but very labor intensive, whether it is arc weld-ing, electricians, carpenters. 
And they all have to have an edu-
cation. Not all of them have to go to college. Those who are going to engi-neer this obviously do. 
But working with your hands is a 
noble trade. I like to tell people, as I started out as an electrician, that I am still an electrician. I just wear a tie. 
But that adult learning and having a 
flexible way to learn, whether—we heard a few moments ago about the community college system, which I firmly believe is the most affordable quality education that somebody leav-ing high school can go to. 
You know, not everybody under-
stands when they get out of high school where they want to go. But having that educational system, whether it is through the community college or through an apprenticeship program, is the way you can make it in America. 
Now, when we take a look back over 
the last 50 years, we have had our ups and downs in America, but we always know the best social program is a job. 
When you have a job, many of those 
other issues that you are facing when you are unemployed tend to go away. And when you have that job, you can make it in America. 
I would like to thank my colleague 
from California for having us down here today and talking about this very important issue. Making it in America is about having a job. And when we stay focused on that here in Congress, America will win. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. I thank you very 
much, Mr. N
ORCROSS . I knew that you 
had come out of a family that was in the building trades. You are an elec-trician, and you are also a Member of Congress. 
So you are bringing something very 
valuable, and that is hands-on experi-ence in the working world, where the middle class has seen their part of the American economy stall out, not able to climb ahead. 
But over the last 20 years, we have 
seen this American middle class basi-cally just barely able to hold its 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:19 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY7.038 H14JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5164 July 14, 2015 
ground. And one of the reasons is the 
enormous decline in the manufacturing industry in this Nation and, also, that 
this Nation has not been keeping up with the needs of infrastructure. 
So as we look at the Make It In 
America agenda, yes, education is ab-solutely important so that the workers of today and tomorrow are prepared for the kind of jobs that are out there. 
Electricians—I am sure you can 
speak to this—when you started in the business, it was one kind of skill set and, as you proceeded, you have found a need for additional. 
Would you like to talk about how 
that works and the way it might inte-grate with the small modular reactors? 
Mr. NORCROSS. Certainly. And I ap-
preciate you yielding. 
When we look at the educational sys-
tem, apprenticeship programs have been around since the beginning of time, whether it was the shoemaker or the carpenter. 
When I started out, it was a 4-year 
apprenticeship program. Today it is up to 5 years plus, depending on what spe-cialty area you would like to focus on. 
But those are the jobs that, when you 
are working, you are going to school, you are paying your taxes. When you are not working, you are not paying your taxes, and the system is a drag. You can’t find a better life. 
So when I say the best social pro-
gram is a job, it is good for America. It pays the taxes. That means you are going to afford to send your kids to college if they want to go to college. 
I have three children. Two of them 
wanted to go to college. One wanted to become an electrician. They each value what they do so much, and they are proud of what they do. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Perhaps it was 
your testimony at the hearing that the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. H
OYER ) 
put together, and they were talking about job training programs. 
And I believe one witness, maybe 
you, said that the largest technical training program in the Nation are the apprenticeship programs that the unions run. 
So the electricians union, IEBW, 
their apprenticeship program, the plumbers union and steelworkers and so forth each have an apprenticeship training program. And, when taken to-gether, it is the single largest job training program in the Nation. 
You said you spent some time at 
that? 
Mr. NORCROSS. Well, it is inter-
esting you are bringing that up. There are 15 different craft unions. And the fact of the matter is sometimes we can’t see the forest for the trees. 
They are the largest training—$1.9 
billion a year, privately funded, not through any government funds— through the apprenticeship training program of those 15 different craft unions. 
It is so important because it is in 
place. That means that, when they are working, they are putting that next generation of people to work. We need people to be in the STEMs, 
the engineers. But these apprenticeship programs, over 900 sites around the country, are training carpenters, plumbers, cement masons, laborers each and every day, and they have been doing it. 
The way we can help them make it in 
America is to start the infrastructure up so that they can start that next generation of folks because an appren-ticeship program only works when the journeyman is teaching the apprentice. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. In terms of public 
policy, we have passed a new piece of legislation, the Education and Work-force Innovation Act, last year. 
And it seems to me that that piece of 
legislation, which provides Federal as-sistance for various kinds of workforce preparation, education, and other ac-tivities, to the extent that that can be brought into and connected with the apprenticeship programs that those labor unions that you just described are running out there, we might see even a more robust program within these. And these are employer and union, both of them participating in the apprenticeship programs. 
Mr. NORCROSS. It is interesting you 
brought that up. 
Today I spoke in front of the Build-
ing & Construction Trades Council. They have a program called Helmets to Hardhats, which is taking those vet-erans who are returning home and looking for an opportunity. 
And those opportunities aren’t al-
ways there, but those building trades in New Jersey alone over the last 4 years have taken 500 veterans into their apprenticeship programs. 
So it is taking an existing program, 
giving not a handout, but just an op-portunity to those vets. And they are some of the best apprentices that we have ever had, and it works extremely well. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. We had a job fair 
out in California 2 weeks ago, and I was talking to some of the folks that were looking for a job. 
Many of them had gone to the com-
munity college, taken a preapprenticeship training program so that they would be prepared and have the necessary education to go into the apprenticeship program. 
That is a very, very important part 
of the Make It In America agenda: edu-cation coupled with labor. It is a very, very powerful piece of this. 
Thank you so very much for partici-
pating today. 
Closing comment? Mr. NORCROSS. You bring up a good 
point. 
The one issue, the preapprentice pro-
gram is giving an opportunity to those who might not normally look into it: Women, minorities, and those who haven’t been exposed to the trades. And I think that is a great point. 
Do you want to be out there when it 
is in the middle of the summer? Do you want to be out there in the cold? So the preapprentice program exposes them to all the different crafts to see if 
this is what they want to do. It is a great opportunity to make it in Amer-ica. 
I thank you for the time. Mr. GARAMENDI. Well, I am going 
to pass this discussion on to a lady who knows a lot of manufacturing. 
I now yield to the gentlewoman from 
the great State of Ohio (Ms. K
APTUR ), 
the heart of the manufacturing center in the United States. 
Thank you so very much for joining 
us this afternoon. 
Ms. KAPTUR. I want to thank you, 
Congressman G
ARAMENDI , for your con-
tinuing leadership on jobs in America and Make It In America. 
It is a pleasure to join also with Con-
gressmen N
ORCROSS and S HERMAN , who 
are here tonight after hours as we at-tempt to bring the cause of the Amer-ican people here to our Nation’s Cap-itol. 
I want to thank you for the logo of 
‘‘Make It In America.’’ We in the Mid-west would also say ‘‘make it and grow it in America’’ because agriculture is a major underpinning of Ohio as well, and I know it is of California. 
I want to begin my remarks tonight 
by saying that the American economy, in a way, is upside down. We have seen two-thirds of the manufacturing jobs in America eliminated over the last three decades, and it isn’t just because of technology. 
It is because those jobs have been 
outsourced to third-world environ-ments, where people work for penny wage jobs, and their livelihoods don’t really increase. They aren’t bettering themselves. They are basically not starving. They certainly don’t live a middle class way of life. 
But two-thirds of the manufacturing 
jobs, gone in America. And at the same time, we see the financial sector grow-ing in power. Six banks headquartered on Wall Street mainly controlling the investment that occurs that allows the outsourcing, the very same characters that brought this economy down and hurt the world through the develop-ment of derivatives. 
It has been interesting to read about 
the Greek financial crisis and to see that Goldman Sachs is right in there again, creating a derivative instrument that can’t hold water. So the inner tube is just leaking all over the place. 
It is important for the American peo-
ple to see that manufacturing jobs have gone down. We have lost two- thirds of them. And the financial sec-tor, meanwhile, has gained power, the very same characters that are out-sourcing these jobs. 
Because who has the money to invest 
in third-world environments? It sure isn’t the community banks that I rep-resent. 
Let me point out that, over the last 
30 years, we haven’t had a single year where the United States was able to send more out—export goods—than im-port from other places. 
So we have been upside down as an 
economy now for going on 30 years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:53 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.079 H14JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5165 July 14, 2015 
And from my region, that means the 
average family has had their income go down, their net effective buying power, $7,000 as the middle class hemorrhages. 
Let’s look at the numbers. We have 
had over $10 trillion of trade deficit since the mid-1970s, when the first free trade agreement was signed. That $10 trillion probably translates into a loss of over 40 million jobs over that period of time. 
We are growing now sluggishly, slug-
gishly, because the ‘‘make it’’ and ‘‘grow it’’ parts of America have been very, very trimmed back. 
If you lose two-thirds of your manu-
facturing jobs, you have growing pov-erty and you have sinking wages and sinking buying power across our coun-try. 
Now, there is a book. I recommend it 
to everybody. ‘‘American Theocracy’’ by Kevin Phillips. In chapter 8, he talks about the financialization of the U.S. economy: loss of manufacturing jobs, increase of jobs in the financial sector, high rewards for the people that sit at the top, but for everybody else, sinking wages and a shrinking middle class. 
The derivative instruments that hurt 
our country and the collateralized debt obligations that threw us into a spin back in 2008, those weren’t invented by people in Toledo, and I doubt they were invented by people in Cleveland or cen-tral California. They were invented by money-changers. 
And they had figured out how to 
trade away American jobs, make huge, huge profits for their shareholders at the expense of the rest of the American people, the 99 percent. 
On agriculture, I want to say that 
what has happened over the same pe-riod of time—because we have a vast underpinning of agriculture in this country. But even with it, 15 percent of our food is now imported. It used to be about 3 percent. 
Start looking at the shelves and you 
are going: Oh, what did we trade away for that or that or that? And certainly, in pharmaceuticals, we have traded away most of those jobs someplace else. 
And isn’t it interesting that the cost 
of pharmaceuticals hasn’t gone down, as we have just seen an avalanche of drugs coming in here, whether they be generic or brand-name. 
There are people who are financing 
this outsourcing, and they are sitting fat and happy in the major financial center of our country. 
I can go through my region. I can 
look at companies like Dixon Ticon-deroga. It didn’t close its doors in San-dusky, Ohio, because it couldn’t make its crayons and school supplies any-more. It was moved to Mexico, where it sits near Mexico City. It moved from Sandusky, Ohio, down there. 
Delphi moved from the same general 
area, Port Clinton, Ohio. Ford Focus just last week announced 4,000 jobs out of suburban Detroit down to Mexico. Champion Spark Plug in Toledo, closed. Acklin Stamping in Toledo, 
closed. Dura, Dana, Chase Bag, Textile Leather, the list goes on and on. Ford’s Maumee Stamping, there couldn’t be a better Ford stamping plant in America than the one in Maumee—doors shut, jobs gone. 
Two-thirds. That is just one part of 
America. Two-thirds of the manufac-turing jobs of this country, lost. 
Our economy is lopsided. It is bene-
fiting a few. We are seeding the field, and that is why the American people feel the pinch. 
I just wanted to make one other im-
portant point where the gentleman ref-erences research and innovation. There will be a patent bill coming up here very soon which I hope people will vote against because it will further dampen the ability of individual inventors and those working in our universities in-venting the new products of the future and will reward only the big compa-nies. 
And I say to my colleagues, if you 
haven’t decided how to vote on H.R. 9, I hope you will vote ‘‘no’’ on what is being called the Innovation Act be-cause what it is, it is a transfer of more power to the biggest global corpora-tions to say to their patents: Full steam ahead. 
But if you are an individual out there 
in America or you are a person who doesn’t have a whole legal team of law-yers who are being paid at your behest, you don’t have a chance. You won’t have a chance with H.R. 9. 
We have a bill, H.R. 2045, that I hope 
people will look at as an alternative. It is supported by all of the research uni-versities, small inventors across our country, who can’t afford any longer to put their invention out there because they don’t have the legal or financial capacity to defend it. 
There is something really insidious 
about what is going on with our patent system and will make it so much hard-er. 
And I give as proof, I read in our 
local newspaper the other day—they listed all the patents that had been ap-proved this year over the first half of the year from my part of the country. There wasn’t a single individual patent approved. Every single patent that was approved belonged to a company that had already been successful. 
There wasn’t even a university pat-
ent approved. I thought: Oh, my good-ness. This is really not going to sup-port innovation. This only supports the very same big-pocketed folks who al-ready hold all the power in this society and have far too much sway in this Congress. 
So I thank the gentleman for allow-
ing me to add my two cents to the dis-cussion this evening and to say the American people deserve a better deal than this. 
I hope that Members will look at our 
Glass-Steagall Act as well. That is my bill, E
LIZABETH WARREN ’s bill over in 
the other body, to break up the big banks and to have more democratic ac-tivity among the financial institutions 
of this country and not just lodging over two-thirds of the power in the big six. 
It is really warping our society, and 
it is making it much less representa-tive. It is harming manufacturing. It is harming agriculture. It is harming in-novation. 
Thank you, Congressman G
ARAMENDI , 
for the phenomenal work that you do in allowing all of us whose districts have been so impacted to add to the American fabric and represent all of America, not just the wealthiest part of it. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Ms. K
APTUR , 
thank you so very much for bringing us the message from America’s heartland. And, by the way, agriculture is also a manufacturing industry. The farmer grows, but then the food processors are manufacturing that and bringing added value and a major part. 
You are quite correct about the es-
cape of capital, using tax policy and trade policy to encourage American companies to take their capital and build overseas, leaving American work-ers behind. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Will the gentleman 
yield? 
Mr. GARAMENDI. I yield to the gen-
tlewoman from Ohio. 
Ms. KAPTUR. I just want to place on 
the record that our Glass-Steagall bill to essentially break up the big banks and take the investment side of the op-eration away from the prudent banking portion of it is H.R. 381. 
We have over 60 cosponsors of our bill 
here in the House, and I am hoping, as the American people hear our message tonight, they will encourage their Members of Congress to sponsor our Glass-Steagall Restoration Act, H.R. 381. 
b1745 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Ms. K
APTUR , 
thank you so very, very much. You talked about things that are extremely important along the way: the trade policy, our tax policy, the escape of American capital, leaving American workers behind, economic theory, and capital and labor resources. If one of those leaves—in this case, capital— then the American worker is left be-hind. 
Mr. Speaker, the Make It In America 
agenda is all about rebuilding the foun-dation of America’s economic growth. We can do that in several ways. I am going to wrap up with a very quick ren-dition of several policy opportunities that present themselves to us. 
First of all, at the bottom of that 
list—not because it is at the bottom, but because it is just there—is the issue of infrastructure. We are faced with a huge challenge, one that, unfor-tunately, I am afraid the Congress will, once again, duck the challenge of cre-ating a robust program to revitalize the American infrastructure. 
Infrastructure is the foundation. It is 
the sanitation, the water systems; it is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:53 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.081 H14JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5166 July 14, 2015 
the roads, the airports; it is the rivers, 
the ports, and transportation system. 
The President has introduced, in the 
last Congress, the GROW AMERICA Act. We now call it the GROW AMER-ICA Act 2. Unfortunately, this week, tomorrow, our majority, our Repub-lican colleagues, are failing to address this issue. 
Instead, they are going back to a 
childhood game called kick the can—in this case, kick the can down the road for another 6 months instead of putting in place a long-term, 5- or 6-year trans-portation program that can accomplish all of these things—the rail, the buses, the ports, the bridges, the highways, the sanitation systems, and the com-munications systems. The leadership in the House on the Republican side is simply missing the fundamental neces-sity of infrastructure. 
By the way, Mr. Speaker, this goes 
back to the Founding Fathers. George Washington asked Alexander Hamilton to develop an economic plan. He came back with one called manufacturers; in that was an infrastructure. Alexander Hamilton, the first Secretary of the Treasury, said that we must build the roads—postal roads at that time—we must build the canals, and we must build the ports if we are going to have a strong economy. The infrastructure is critically important to the Make It In America agenda. 
Another one, Mr. Speaker, is using 
our tax dollars to build the American economy to make it in America. This is a story of two bridges. Very, very quickly, one bridge on the West Coast, this is called the San Francisco-Oak-land Bay Bridge, a multibillion dollar project, the other one on the East Coast, and this is on the Hudson River in New York City, the Tappan Zee Bridge. 
The San Francisco Bay Bridge, in a 
fit of what I call stupidity, the State of California decided that they would seek Chinese steel because it was sup-posed to be 10 percent cheaper to build the bridge. Well, the result was 6,000 jobs were in China, a brand-new steel mill, the most high-tech steel mill in the world—and, for America, taken to the cleaners. 
It was a significant overrun of multi-
millions of dollars, a delay of years and years, steel that was shoddy, welds that were shoddy, and a lesson for America: spend our tax money on American-made equipment and sup-plies. Buy American steel. Those 6,000 jobs could have been in America. That steel mill could have been in America, and the shoddy work would not have occurred. 
New York decided to buy American 
steel. So what happens—on time and under budget and 7,728 American jobs were created. It is the story of two coasts: California, stupid policy; New York, wise policy. Spend the American taxpayer dollars on American-made goods and equipment. 
One final thing, Mr. Speaker, and 
then I am going to return this over to the speaker. I don’t know if you can 
see that, but that is a liquefied natural gas tanker. America later this year will begin to export natural gas in the form of LNG, liquefied natural gas. This is a big deal and a big potential for the gas industry. 
They are going to make a lot of 
money because the cost of natural gas around the world is maybe twice to three times what the price would be in the United States, so the gas compa-nies are all for shipping gas overseas. We need to be careful about this be-cause, if we ship too much overseas, then we are going to raise the price. 
The Cheniere facility in the Gulf 
Coast will take 100 tankers, and I have legislation that says, if we are going to ship a strategic national asset over-seas, then we ought to take care of the rest of the national security. 
Shipbuilding is absolutely essential. 
American mariners, captains, and sea-men and -women are absolutely essen-tial for the American defense and secu-rity. Make it in America, ship it on American-built tankers—we are talk-ing about tens of thousands, indeed, over 100,000 jobs and a supply chain for jobs all across the country. 
Mr. Speaker, I have got just a few 
minutes, and I notice that my col-league from New York is here. The East-West show is back in force. 
Mr. T
ONKO , thank you for coming in 
so quietly. I didn’t see you on my left side. Please join us, and let’s talk about Make It In America. 
Mr. TONKO. Thank you, Representa-
tive G
ARAMENDI . It is always a pleasure 
to join you on the House floor to speak to any issue, but in this case, to Make It In America. 
I am certain through the hour you 
have talked about the capital and physical infrastructure demands, but we also have to highlight the human infrastructure portion of the equation that will resound in the greatest suc-cess for the Make It In America agen-da, and that is training the skilled tal-ent that we need. 
We need to promote the development 
and the advancement of manufac-turing—advanced manufacturing, as it has been coined of late—but also to un-derstand that it is an innovation econ-omy, and so that means dealing with issues in production with great preci-sion. 
That great precision requires ex-
tremely gifted skill sets and education, apprentice programs in higher ed, mak-ing certain we have a growing force of engineers, where we are woefully underproducing the amount of engi-neers we require. 
There are bits of legislation that all 
of us have cosponsored, that perhaps we are leading as sponsor, that will en-courage the development engineers that we require for our being able to be a great manufacturing nation as we move forward. 
Those are important elements, mak-
ing certain that we have the precision instrumentation that will enable us to, again, compete because it is not the 
cheapest investment, but the wisest in-vestment that is made. 
It is not going to be significant by 
the dollar only, but what is the best product, what is the most thoughtful product that is developed for whatever needs society may have. The engineer-ing components of all of this is very important, and the skill set component is very important. 
As we go forward, we want to make 
certain that that human infrastructure is geared up and ready to go with cut-ting-edge skill sets that speak to to-day’s economy. That is very important. 
Mr. Speaker, we have always prided 
ourselves on a strong workforce, a well-trained, well-educated, and well- equipped force that goes out there and enables us to compete and compete ef-fectively in a global race on innova-tion. That has grown significant over the last decade. 
We see more and more investment 
coming in, that human infrastructure from nations around the world that will then be competing with this Na-tion to be able to export its goods, so a 
full complement of programs that are essential in policy format and resource advocacy and investing in that Make It In America agenda, investment here where there are rightful anticipations of lucrative returns on the taxpayer dollars that are invested. 
I thank you for the laser sharp focus 
you put on to Make It In America as an agenda and the underscoring of impor-tance that you have drawn to manufac-turing as a sector. It was walked away from by previous administrations. 
This administration, the Obama ad-
ministration, has talked about sound investment in advance manufacturing will enable us to stop bleeding the loss of manufacturing jobs where we are losing, at one point, one out of four. 
b1800 
We are still perched pretty high in 
terms of manufacturing jobs, but we have to stop that bleeding, and the way we do it is by turning it around with policy and resource advocacy. And I thank you again for your leadership in this regard. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. T
ONKO , thank 
you. I know that your previous work before you came to Congress several years ago was in the State of New York working on the innovation economy. You certainly have ramped up innova-tion economy in the State of New York, and now you are bringing that experience here with legislation. 
The Make It In America agenda, I am 
going to put it back up very, very quickly here because you talked about this. The Make It in America agenda is about the middle class; it is about re-building the middle class. 
Thirty-four members of the Demo-
cratic Caucus talked last week about their legislation dealing with trade and taxes, energy, labor, education, re-search, and infrastructure, about how that constellation of issues comes to-gether to boost the American middle 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:53 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.082 H14JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5167 July 14, 2015 
class, to give every American an oppor-
tunity for that middle class job. So it is there. 
I see we are about to be out of time, 
or maybe we are already out of time, so I am going to say I want to thank my colleagues and Mr. H
OYER for leading 
us in this. 
Mr. T ONKO , you have got 30 seconds 
to close. 
Mr. TONKO. Well, I just say, let’s 
move forward with investment. It hap-pens when we have a laser sharp focus on just where to apply our resources to capital, physical, and human infra-structure, so as to be the strongest competitor out there in a global race for kingpin of the innovation economy, and whoever wins that race, becomes the go-to agent for the worldwide econ-omy. So we can’t afford to hesitate or fail in our attempt here. 
Thank you, again, for leading us. Mr. GARAMENDI. Thank you, Mr. 
T
ONKO . 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
IRAN NUCLEAR DEAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
GRAVES of Louisiana). Under the 
Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gen-tleman from California (Mr. S
HERMAN ) 
for 30 minutes. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I would 
like to begin by praising Mr. G
ARAMENDI , the gentleman from Cali-
fornia, for this excellent presentation on why we should make it in America. 
But I am here today to talk about 
something that was made in Vienna, namely, the Iran nuclear deal. I am going to start with a few observations and then get to the heart of my re-marks. 
The first observation is that we 
ought to set the record straight. The sanctions that brought Iran to the table were imposed by Congress over the objection of the executive branch of government. 
For 30 years, Congress had it right, 
and for 30 years, the executive branch had it wrong. For 30 years, every time we passed sanctions acts, they would be argued against and thwarted and watered down due to the efforts of sev-eral administrations. 
The only time Congress got it wrong 
is when the House of Representatives got it right and passed tough sanctions legislation that went over to the Sen-ate where, unfortunately, some in the senior body listened to the administra-tions at the time and failed to pass our legislation. 
The second observation I would like 
to make is that the deal in Vienna lifts a number of sanctions which were not imposed as a result of Iran’s nuclear activity. It provides greater sanctions relief than that which was supposed to be provided. 
I, in particular, note that the arms 
embargo against Iran, an Iran that has created so much mischief in Syria, Yemen, and elsewhere, will be phased 
out and the Iran Sanctions Act will be waived. The Iran Sanctions Act was passed by the Congress in the early 1990s. 
A review of that bill indicates that 
only one of three reasons it was passed was Iran’s work with WMDs. And, of course, weapons of mass destruction come in three forms, not only the nu-clear, but also the chemical and the bi-ological. So I would reckon that only one-ninth of the reason Congress passed that bill was Iran’s nuclear pro-gram, and yet those sanctions are being waived. 
And finally, we see that the sanc-
tions relief is so complete that not only are we waiving our secondary sanctions and allowing Iran to do busi-ness with the rest of the world, we are even allowing Iran to export to the United States. We won’t buy their oil, but we will buy the things that we don’t need and they couldn’t sell any-where else. 
The next observation I would like to 
make is that there are those who say this deal may only work for about 10 years, but the Iranian Government will get better over the next 10 years. Do not hold your breath. The whole pur-pose of sanctions is to put pressure on the government, which either causes it to change its policy or creates a change in regime. That is what you do when you are trying to force a change in gov-ernment. 
Showering this government with eco-
nomic benefits is not going to lead to its destruction or its eclipse. Look at Tehran. What you see is what you get. 
Another observation is about mis-
siles. It is unfortunate that this deal will allow Iran, in 8 years, to get more missile technology. There is only one reason for them to be working on inter-continental ballistic missiles, and that is to deliver a nuclear payload to a dif-ferent continent than their own— namely, ours; namely, Europe. There is no other reason. Iran is not trying to fly to the Moon. They are trying to get a nuclear device to North America or Europe. 
But let us not be sanguine one way or 
the other about missiles. A nuclear weapon—they vary in size, but they are about the size of a person, and you can smuggle one into the United States in-side a bale of marijuana. 
So while we should be doing every-
thing possible to stop Iran’s missile program, the heart of our effort has got to be to stop their nuclear weapons program. The heart of my speech is to focus on the deal from a nuclear weap-ons perspective. 
Now, the political pundits outside 
this Capitol are all trying to make this an ‘‘evaluate the President’’: Are you for him or are you against him? Is this a good deal? Did the President do a good job? 
Those questions may be relevant to 
those seeking ratings on this or that cable television channel, but we in Congress have got to deal with a com-pletely different question: What should 
Congress do at this time under these circumstances in the real world as it exists today where the President has agreed to sign this deal, not as it ex-isted 2 days ago, not as it existed a dec-ade ago when we should have been en-forcing sanctions laws, but what should Congress do today? 
Now, in order to reach that conclu-
sion, we need to look at the overall deal and realize that it has different phases. It is a different deal over time. So let us look at the deal from the good, the bad, and the ugly. 
In the first year, the most important 
good parts occur. Iran must ship 90 per-cent of its uranium stockpiles out of country and mothball two-thirds of the centrifuges. As we craft our policy, we should be loathe to give up those two advantages. We must, whenever we focus on anything, say, yes, there are some bad parts of this deal, but two- thirds of the centrifuges, 90 percent of the stockpiles, that is something we need to be focused on. So that is the good. 
The bad also occurs in the first year. 
Iran will get its hands on $120 billion- plus of their own money that we have under the sanctions been able to freeze in various money centers around the world. 
What will they use this $120 billion 
for? Part of it will go to help their own people because they have raised expec-tations. A good chunk of it will go to graft and corruption in the Iranian re-gime because it is, after all, the Ira-nian regime. A large portion of that money will go to kill Sunni Muslims. Some of them deserve it, most do not. And what is left over will be used to kill Americans and Israelis. 
So there is bad in the first year and 
good in the first year. 
But what is truly ugly occurs after 10 
years. After year 10, Iran can have an unlimited number of centrifuges of un-limited quality. As the President him-self says, at that point, their breakout time, the amount of time from the day they kick out the inspectors to the day when they have enough fissile material for a nuclear weapon, shrinks to vir-tually zero days for the first bomb, a few more days for the second bomb. 
Why is this? Because after 10 years, 
Iran will be allowed to create a huge industrial facility capable of sup-porting several electric generation nu-clear plants. It is counterintuitive, but true, that it takes an awful lot more enrichment to power a nuclear plant than to create a nuclear bomb. In ef-fect, we will be in a situation where it is as if Iran has an industrial-sized giant bakery capable of feeding many of their cities, and all they need for a nuclear bomb is a bag full of bread-crumbs. Obviously, once they go big, once they go industrial, once we get to the ugly part of this deal, Iran is a nu-clear power—perhaps not an admitted nuclear power, but a nuclear power nevertheless. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:53 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.084 H14JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5168 July 14, 2015 
So we are faced with the good, the 
bad, and the ugly. But the question is: What should Congress do? 
One choice before us, and it is, I 
hope, the choice we will take, is to con-sider a resolution of approval of this deal and to vote it down by an over-whelming majority. 
What will this do? It will demonstrate for the world 
that the American people, the Amer-ican Congress, and future administra-tions are not morally or legally bound by this agreement. It will set the stage for a subsequent administration to de-mand that the limits on uranium cen-trifuges are continued well past year 10 of this agreement. So the current ad-ministration will take advantage of the good, we will suffer the bad, but in the future we will not have to deal with the ugly. 
The second approach we can take is 
to consider a resolution of disapproval. 
Unlike a resolution of approval, a reso-lution of disapproval, if adopted, would have immediate legal effects under U.S. law. It would blow a hole in the deal. But as I will get to it, possibly the wrong hole and perhaps no hole at all. Because if we were to consider a resolution of disapproval, I think it would pass this House. I think it might get 60 votes in the other body. The President has already announced he will veto it. And then, as far as I can tell, we would not override the veto. 
Now, this would have a similar legal 
effect to us voting down a resolution of approval. Overall, the majority of the House and the majority of the Senate would have voted to disapprove. But that last picture will be a picture of the proponents of this agreement win-ning by not losing more than two- thirds of the vote. That conveys in the most confused way the fact that this agreement will not be binding on fu-ture administrations and future Con-gresses. 
There is, of course, the possibility 
that we somehow override a Presi-dential veto. That does not put us back where we were yesterday. That does not reinstitute sanctions. That does not create a good platform for creating a better deal, because by then many UN sanctions will be lifted. Our trading partners in Europe will already be 
doing business. The President will have told the world that Iran is acting rea-sonably and Congress is acting unrea-sonably. 
b1815 
Under such circumstance, Iran would 
get the lion’s share of sanctions relief. They would be denied some sanctions relief because U.S. law would remain in effect. 
But Iran would have every excuse not 
to deliver the important good parts of this deal, not to ship their uranium stockpiles out of the country, not to decommission two-thirds of their cen-trifuges. 
So if we pass over a Presidential 
veto, a resolution of disapproval, we have not blown up the deal and taken us back to where we had the deal. 
Rather, we have created a cir-
cumstance where Iran has literally split the U.S. Government, with Con-gress pushing in one direction, the President pushing in another direction, and every nation in the world taking its cue from the President. 
Instead, I suggest that we would be in 
a stronger position if we demonstrate to the world that Congress does not ac-cept this agreement, it is not binding on the American people, the President may not be legally constrained for the remainder of his term in implementing this deal, getting us the good, suffering the bad, but knowing that the ugly is something that needs to be confronted by another administration. 
It is another administration that 
needs to prevent Iran from claiming that it will have the right to unlimited centrifuges 10 years from now but, in-stead, demanding a renegotiation of this deal. 
Finally, the sanctions relief promised 
in Vienna is relief only from those sanctions due to Iran’s nuclear pro-gram. It is not a get-out-of-jail-free card. It is not a protection and a grant of authority to Tehran to engage in all kinds of evil activity in the Middle East and elsewhere. 
If Iran continues to support Assad, 
we need to impose additional sanctions for that reason. If they continue to de-stabilize Yemen, we need to impose sanctions for that reason. And we can-
not give Iran a free pass just because they have entered into this particular deal. This is not rapprochement with Iran. 
This is a deal that has, in its first 
year, the good and the bad and, in its 10th year, is so ugly that we have to de-mand additional negotiations. 
When we make that demand, we need 
to make that demand in the voice of a President in a future administration who is determined to say that Iran can never have an unlimited number of centrifuges, Iran can never have an un-limited quality of centrifuges, Iran can never be a few days from a nuclear weapon, and that, in order to prevent that, we have the legal right to put all options on the table. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILL SIGNED 
The Speaker announced his signature 
to an enrolled bill of the Senate of the following title: 
S. 179. An act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 143rd Avenue, NW, in Chisholm, Minnesota, as the ‘‘James L. Oberstar Memorial Post Of-fice Building’’. 
f 
BILL PRESENTED TO THE 
PRESIDENT 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, 
reported that on July 14, 2015, she pre-sented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bill: 
H.R. 2620. To amend the United States Cot-
ton Futures Act to exclude certain cotton fu-tures contracts from coverage under such act. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I move 
that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 6 o’clock and 18 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, July 15, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
h 
EXPENDITURE REPORTS CONCERNING OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL 
Reports concerning the foreign currencies and U.S. dollars utilized for Official Foreign Travel during the first and sec-
ond quarters of 2015, pursuant to Public Law 95–384, are as follows: 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN . 1 AND MAR. 31, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
Visit to Thailand, Philippines, Hong Kong—Janu-
ary 4–12, 2015.
Catherine Sendak .................................................... 1 /7 1 /9 Thailand ......................................... ....... .................... 488.25 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... 488.25 
1 /9 1 /11 Philippines ............................................ .................... 533.97 .................... .............. ...... .................... .................... .................... 533.97 
1 /11 1 /12 Hong Kong ............................................ .................... 493.68 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 493.68 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 14,665.50 .................... ............ ........ .................... 14,665.50 
Michael Amato ......................................................... 1 /7 1 /9 Thailand ....................................... ......... .................... 488.25 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 488.25 
1 /9 1 /11 Philippines ............................................ .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... .................... .................... ....................
1 /11 1 /12 Hong Kong ............................................ .................... 493.68 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 493.68 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 14,665.50 .................... ............ ........ .................... 14,665.50 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:53 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY7.085 H14JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5169 July 14, 2015 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN . 1 AND MAR. 31, 2015— 
Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
Craig Greene ............................................................ 1 /7 1 /9 Thailand ..................................... ........... .................... 488.25 .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 488.25 
1 /9 1 /11 Philippines ............................................ .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... .................... .................... ....................
1 /11 1 /12 Hong Kong ............................................ .................... 493.68 .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... 493.68 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 14,665.50 .................... ............ ........ .................... 14,665.50 
Delegation expenses ....................................... 1 /7 1 /9 Thailand ................................................ ... ................. 559.96 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 559 .96 
Visit to Germany with CODEL McCain—February 
5–8, 2015.
Hon. William M. ‘‘Mac’’ Thornberry ......................... 2 /6 2 /8 Germany ................................................ ... ................. 822.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 822 .00 
Hon. Michael R. Turner ........................................... 2 /6 2 /8 Germany ............................................. ... .................... 822.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ................. ... 822.00 
Hon. James Langevin .............................................. 2 /6 2 /8 Germany ............................................. ... .................... 822.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ................. ... 822.00 
Visit to India, Pakistan—February 14–21, 2015.
Alexander Gallo ........................................................ 2 /15 2 /18 India ....................................... .............. .................... 906.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 906.00 
2 /18 2 /21 Pakistan ................................................ .................... 320.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 320.00 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 10,491.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... 10,491.00 
William Spencer Johnson ......................................... 2 /15 2 /18 India .............................................. ....... .................... 906.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... 906.00 
2 /18 2 /21 Pakistan ................................................ .................... 320.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 320.00 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 10,491.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... 10,491.00 
Visit to United Arab Emirates, Kuwait, Iraq, Af-
ghanistan, Jordan—February 13–20, 2015.
Hon. Joe Wilson ....................................................... 2 /14 2 /17 United Arab Emirates ......................... .. .................... 396.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................. .. 396.00 
2 /15 2 /16 Afghanistan .......................................... .................... 6.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 6.00 
2 /17 2 /18 Jordan ................................................... .................... 354.65 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 354.65 
2 /18 2 /20 Kuwait ................................................... .................... 220.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 220.00 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 4,878.70 .................... ............. ....... .................... 4,878.70 
Hon. Seth Moulton ................................................... 2 /14 2 /17 United Arab Emirates ........................... .................... 396.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 396.00 
2 /15 2 /16 Afghanistan .......................................... .................... 6.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 6.00 
2 /17 2 /18 Jordan ................................................... .................... 354.65 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 354.65 
2 /18 2 /20 Kuwait ................................................... .................... 220.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 220.00 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 13,967.70 .................... ............ ........ .................... 13,967.70 
Hon. Brad Ashford ................................................... 2 /14 2 /17 United Arab Emirates ........................... .................... 396.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 396.00 
2 /15 2 /16 Afghanistan .......................................... .................... 6.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 6.00 
2 /17 2 /18 Jordan ................................................... .................... 354.65 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 354,65 
2 /18 2 /20 Kuwait ................................................... .................... 220.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 220.00 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 13,967.70 .................... ............ ........ .................... 13,967.70 
Hon. Elise Stefanik .................................................. 2 /14 2 /17 United Arab Emirates .......................... . .................... 396.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ................... . 396.00 
2 /15 2 /16 Afghanistan .......................................... .................... 6.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 6.00 
2 /17 2 /18 Jordan ................................................... .................... 354.65 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 354.65 
2 /18 2 /20 Kuwait ................................................... .................... 220.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 220.00 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 13,967.70 .................... ............ ........ .................... 13,967.70 
Peter Villano ............................................................ 2 /14 2 /17 United Arab Emirates ...................... ..... .................... 396.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............... ..... 396.00 
2 /15 2 /16 Afghanistan .......................................... .................... 6.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 6.00 
2 /17 2 /18 Jordan ................................................... .................... 354.65 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 354.65 
2 /18 2 /20 Kuwait ................................................... .................... 220.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 220.00 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 13,967.70 .................... ............ ........ .................... 13,967.70 
Lindsay Kavanaugh ................................................. 2 /14 2 /17 United Arab Emirates ........................... .. .................. 396.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 39 6.00 
2 /15 2 /16 Afghanistan .......................................... .................... 6.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 6.00 
2 /17 2 /18 Jordan ................................................... .................... 354.65 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 354.65 
2 /18 2 /20 Kuwait ................................................... .................... 220.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 220.00 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 13,967.70 .................... ............ ........ .................... 13,967.70 
Visit to Turkey, Austria, Belgium—February 16– 
22, 2015.
Hon. Michael R. Turner ........................................... 2 /16 2 /16 Belgium ........................................... ..... .................... 645.48 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............... ..... 645.48 
2 /17 2 /19 Turkey ................................................... .................... 89.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 89.00 
2 /19 2 /20 Austria .................................................. .................... 163.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 163.00 
Hon. Paul Cook ........................................................ 2 /16 2 /16 Belgium ...................................... .......... .................... 645.48 .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 645.48 
2 /17 2 /19 Turkey ................................................... .................... 89.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 89.00 
2 /19 2 /20 Austria .................................................. .................... 163.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 163.00 
Hon. Loretta Sanchez .............................................. 2 /16 2 /16 Belgium .......................................... ...... .................... 645.48 .................... .................... .................... .................... .............. ...... 645.48 
2 /17 2 /19 Turkey ................................................... .................... 89.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 89.00 
2 /19 2 /20 Austria .................................................. .................... 163.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 163.00 
Jesse Tolleson .......................................................... 2 /16 2 /16 Belgium .................................... ............ .................... 645.48 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 645.48 
2 /17 2 /19 Turkey ................................................... .................... 89.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 89.00 
2 /19 2 /20 Austria .................................................. .................... 163.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 163.00 
Delegation expenses ....................................... 2 /14 2 /16 Belgium, Turkey .................................... ...... .............. .................... .................... .................... .................... 6,043.83 .................... 6,04 3.83 
Delegation expenses ....................................... 2 /19 2 /20 Austria .................................................. .................... .................... .................... 1,046.71 .................... .................... .................. .. 1,046.71 
Visit to United Kingdom, Germany, Romania— 
February 16–23, 2015.
Michael Miller .......................................................... ............. ................. United Kingdom ........... ......................... .................... 1,518,00 .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... .................... 1,518.00 
............. ................. Germany ................................................ .................... 570.00 ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... .................... 570.00 
............. ................. Romania ............................................... .................... 510.00 ................ .... .................... .................... .................... .................... 510.00 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 3,111.40 .................... ............. ....... .................... 3,111.40 
Brian Garrett ........................................................... ............. ................. United Kingdom ........... ......................... .................... 1,518,00 .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... .................... 1,518.00 
............. ................. Germany ................................................ .................... 570.00 ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... .................... 570.00 
......................................................................... ............. ................. Romania ................. .............................. .................... 510,00 .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... .................... 510,00 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... 3,111.40 .................... .................... ............. ....... .................... 3,111.40 
Visit to Belgium with STAFFEDEL, Karem—Feb-
ruary 19–21, 2015.
Michael Casey ......................................................... 2 /19 2 /21 Belgium ...................................... .......... .................... 627.52 .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 627.52 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .. .................. ....................
Visit to Cuba—February 24, 2015.Hon. Vicky Hartzler .................................................. 2 /24 2 /24 Cuba .......................................... ........... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ................ .... .................... ....................
Hon. Hank Johnson .................................................. 2 /24 2 /24 Cuba ............................................ ......... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................. .. .................... ....................
Hon. Gwen Graham ................................................. 2 /24 2 /24 Cuba .............................................. ....... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ....................
Hon. Beto O’Rourke ................................................. 2 /24 2 /24 Cuba ............................................ ......... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................. .. .................... ....................
Hon. Steven M. Palazzo ........................................... 2 /24 2 /24 Cuba .............................................. ....... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ....................
Hon. Pete Aguilar .................................................... 2 /24 2 /24 Cuba .......................................... ........... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ................ .... .................... ....................
Hon. Tom MacArthur ................................................ 2 /24 2 /24 Cuba ............................................. ........ .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...................
. .................... ....................
Hon. Jackie Walorski ................................................ 2 /24 2 /24 Cuba ........................................... .......... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ................. ... .................... ....................
Christopher J. Bright ............................................... 2 /24 2 /24 Cuba ........................................... .......... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ................. ... .................... ....................
Mark Morehouse ...................................................... 2 /24 2 /24 Cuba ........................................... .......... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ................. ... .................... ....................
Elizabeth Conrad ..................................................... 2 /24 2 /24 Cuba .......................................... ........... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ................ .... .................... ....................
Michael Casey ......................................................... 2 /24 2 /24 Cuba ......................................... ............ .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... ....................
Visit to Peru, Honduras—March 9–14, 2015.Catherine Sendak .................................................... 3 /9 3 /12 Peru ............................................ .......... .................... 571.51 .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 571.51 
.................................................................................. 3 /12 3 /14 Honduras ......................... ..................... .................... 516.00 .................... .................... .................... ................... . .................... 516.00 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 896.95 .................... ............... ..... .................... 896.95 
Michael Amato ......................................................... 3 /9 3 /12 Peru .......................................... ............ .................... 571.51 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 571.51 
.................................................................................. 3 /12 3 /14 Honduras ......................... ..................... .................... 516.00 .................... .................... .................... ................... . .................... 516.00 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 896.95 .................... ............... ..... .................... 896.95 
Visit to United Kingdom—March 19–23, 2015.Hon. Michael Turner ................................................ 3 /19 3 /23 England ......................................... ....... .................... 1,656.59 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 1,656.59 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 9,657.46 .................... ............. ....... .................... 9,657.46 
Hon. Loretta Sanchez .............................................. 3 /19 3 /23 England .......................................... ...... .................... 1,656.59 .................... .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ 1,656.59 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 9,657.46 .................... ............. ....... .................... 9,657.46 
Kari Bingen .............................................................. 3 /19 3 /23 England ................................... ............. .................... 1,656.59 .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... 1,656.59 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:53 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY7.033 H14JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5170 July 14, 2015 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN . 1 AND MAR. 31, 2015— 
Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 9,657.46 .................... ............. ....... .................... 9,657.46 
Joseph Whited .......................................................... 3 /19 3 /23 England ..................................... ........... .................... 1,656.59 .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 1,656.59 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 9,657.46 .................... ............. ....... .................... 9,657.46 
Douglas Bush .......................................................... 3 /19 3 /23 England ...................................... .......... .................... 1,656.59 .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 1,656.59 
Commercial airfare ......................................... ............. ................. ...................................... ......................... .................... .................... .................... 9,657.46 .................... ............. ....... .................... 9,657.46 
Delegation expenses ....................................... ............. ................. ....................................... ........................ .................... .................... .................... 3,323.98 .................... 222.20 ....... ............. 3,546.18 
Committee totals ....................................... ............. ................. .......................................... ..................... .................... 34,689.03 .................... 200,370.39 .................... .................... 6,266 .03 241,325.45 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
HON. MAC THORNBERRY, Chairman, June 11, 2015. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN APR. 1 AND JUNE 30, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
Karen Robb .............................................................. 3 /28 4 /3 Myanmar ..................................... .......... .................... 2,079.00 .................... 440.00 .................... .................... .................... 2 ,519.00 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 2,079.00 .................... 440.00 .................... .................... ......... ........... 2,519.00 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
HON. TOM PRICE, Chairman, June 26, 2015. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN APR. 1 AND JUNE 30, 2015 
Name of Member or employee Date 
Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total 
Arrival Departure Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 Foreign 
currency U.S. dollar 
equivalent 
or U.S. 
currency2 
Hon. Rau ´l Grijalva ................................................... 5 /23 5 /28 Cuba .................................................. ... .................... 1,455.00 .................... .................... .................... 637.00 .................... 2,092.00  
Bertha Guerrero ....................................................... 5 /23 5 /28 Cuba ......................................... ............ .................... 1,455.00 .................... .................... .................... 637.00 ................... . 2,092.00 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 2,910.00 .................... .................... .................... 1,274.00 ....... ............. 4,184.00 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
HON. ROB BISHOP, Chairman, July 8, 2015. h 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
2149. A letter from the Counsel, Legal Divi-
sion, Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, transmitting the Bureau’s Major final rule — Integrated Mortgage Disclosures Under the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act (Regulation X) and the Truth In Lending Act (Regulation Z) [Docket No.: CFPB-2012-0028] (RIN: 3170-AA19) received July 13, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
2150. A letter from the Director, Regula-
tions Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — Permanent Discontinuance or Inter-ruption in Manufacturing of Certain Drug or Biological Products [Docket No.: FDA-2011- N-0898] (RIN: 0910-AG88) received July 10, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
2151. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Employee Benefits Security Administration, Department of Labor, transmitting the De-partment’s Major final rules — Coverage of Certain Preventive Services Under the Af-fordable Care Act (RIN: 1210-AB67) received July 13, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2152. A letter from the Secretary, Securi-
ties and Exchange Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Freedom of Information Act Regulations: Fee Schedule, Addition of Appeals Time Frame, and Mis-cellaneous Administrative Changes [Release No.: 34-75388; File No.: S7-07-14] (RIN: 3235- AL58) received July 10, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
2153. A letter from the Assistant Attorney 
General, Office of Legislative Affairs, De-partment of Justice, transmitting a report entitled ‘‘Report to the Congress of the United States on the Activities of the De-partment of Justice in Relation to the Pris-on Rape Elimination Act’’, pursuant to Sec. 5(b) of Pub. L. 108-79; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
2154. A letter from the Assistant Attorney 
General, Office of Legislative Affairs, De-partment of Justice, transmitting the De-partment’s Office of Privacy and Civil Lib-erties Activities Semiannual Report cov-ering October 1, 2014, through March 31, 2015, pursuant to Sec. 803 of the Implementing Recommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007, Pub. L. 110-53, 121 Stat. 266, 361- 62 (codified at 42 U.S.C. 2000ee-1(f)); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
2155. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Honeywell International Inc. Turbo-prop Engines [Docket No.: FAA-2006-23706; Directorate Identifier 2006-NE-03-AD; Amendment 39-18177; AD 2014-12-04] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received July 10, 2015, pursuant to 
5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. 
2156. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Helicopters Deutschland GmbH (Previously Eurocopter Deutschland GmbH) (Airbus Helicopters) [Docket No.: FAA-2014- 0577; Directorate Identifier 2013-SW-042-AD; Amendment 39-18184; AD 2015-12-09] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received July 10, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. 
2157. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2014-0426; Directorate Identifier 2013-NM-231-AD; Amendment 39-18186; AD 2015-12-11] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received July 10, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
2158. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Fokker Services B.V. Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2014-0492; Directorate Identifier 2013-NM-134-AD; Amendment 39-18187; AD 2015-12-12] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received July 10, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:53 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY7.033 H14JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5171 July 14, 2015 
by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-
mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
2159. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Pratt and Whitney Division Turbofan Engines [Docket No.: FAA-2015-0266; Direc-torate Identifier 2015-NE-03-AD; Amendment 39-18185; AD 2015-12-10] (RIN: 2120-AA64) re-ceived July 10, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
2160. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Establishment of Class E Airspace; Cloverdale, CA [Docket No.: FAA- 2014-0457; Airspace Docket No.: 14-AWP-4] re-ceived July 10, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
2161. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Establishment of Class E Airspace; Highmore, SD [Docket No.: FAA- 2014-0723; Airspace Docket No.: 14-AGL-13] re-ceived July 10, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
2162. A letter from the Regulatory Ombuds-
man, FMCSA, Department of Transpor-tation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Incorporation by Reference; North American Standard Out-of-Service Criteria; Hazardous Materials Safety Permits [Docket No.: FMCSA-FMCSA-2015-0075] (RIN: 2126- AB78) received July 10, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transpor-
tation and Infrastructure. 
2163. A letter from the Division Chief, 
FMCSA, Regulatory Development, Depart-ment of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Rulemaking Pro-cedures--Federal Motor Carrier Safety Regu-lations; Treatment of Confidential Business Information [Docket No.: FMCSA-2015-0168] (RIN: 2126-AB79) received July 10, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
2164. A letter from the Management and 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class D Airspace; Baltimore, Martin State Airport, MD [Docket No.: FAA-2015-0793; Airspace Docket No.: 15-AEA-3] received July 10, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
[Pursuant to the order of the House on July 13, 
2015 the following report was filed on July 14, 2015] 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-
ural Resources. Supplemental report on H.R. 2898. A bill to provide drought relief in the State of California, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–197, Pt. 2). 
[Filed on July 14, 2015] 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-
cial Services. H.R. 432. A bill to amend the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 to prevent 
duplicative regulation of advisers of small business investment companies (Rept. 114– 199). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-
cial Services. H.R. 1334. A bill to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to make the shareholder threshold for registration of sav-ings and loan holding companies the same as for bank holding companies (Rept. 114–200). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-
cial Services. H.R. 1723. A bill to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to re-vise Form S–1 so as to permit smaller report-ing companies to use forward incorporation by reference for such form (Rept. 114–201). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-
cial Services. H.R. 1847. A bill to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the Commodity Exchange Act to repeal the in-demnification requirements for regulatory authorities to obtain access to swap data re-quired to be provided by swaps entities under such Acts; with an amendment (Rept. 114– 202, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-
cial Services. H.R. 2064. A bill to amend cer-tain provisions of the securities laws relat-ing to the treatment of emerging growth companies; with an amendment (Rept. 114– 203). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE: Committee on Rules. 
House Resolution 362. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2898) to provide drought relief in the State of Cali-fornia, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3038) to provide an extension of Federal-aid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, tran-sit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–204). Referred to the House Cal-endar. 
Mr. ADERHOLT: Committee on Appropria-
tions. H.R. 3049. A bill making appropria-tions for Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies programs for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–205). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the 
Committee on Agriculture discharged from further consideration. H.R. 1847 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. WILLIAMS (for himself and Mr. 
LUCAS ): 
H.R. 3048. A bill to provide an exemption 
from rules and regulations of the Bureau of Consumer Financial protection for commu-nity financial institutions, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. 
By Ms. FOXX (for herself and Mr. L
AR-
SONof Connecticut): 
H.R. 3050. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to allow rollovers from other retirement plans into simple retire-ment accounts; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. CLYBURN: 
H.R. 3051. A bill to eliminate the require-
ment that a firearms dealer transfer a fire-arm if the national instant criminal back-ground check system has been unable to complete a background check of the prospec-tive transferee within 3 business days; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mrs. BLACK: 
H.R. 3052. A bill to amend title 28, United 
States Code, to prevent the misuse of foreign law in Federal courts, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. BUCSHON (for himself, Mr. 
B
OUSTANY , and Ms. C LARK of Massa-
chusetts): 
H.R. 3053. A bill to ensure appropriate cov-
erage of ventricular assist devices under the Medicare program under title XVIII of the Social Security Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. CAPUANO (for himself, Mr. 
J
ONES , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, 
and Mr. Y OHO): 
H.R. 3054. A bill to reduce risks to the fi-
nancial system by limiting banks’ ability to engage in certain risky activities and lim-iting conflicts of interest, to reinstate cer-tain Glass-Steagall Act protections that were repealed by the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services, and in addi-tion to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. CRAMER (for himself and Mr. 
W
ELCH ): 
H.R. 3055. A bill to authorize the expor-
tation of consumer communication devices to Cuba and the provision of telecommuni-cations services to Cuba, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. GRAVES of Missouri: 
H.R. 3056. A bill to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to provide for certain special congressional review procedures for EPA rulemakings; to the Committee on the Judi-ciary, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, Transportation and Infrastructure, Agriculture, Rules, and the Budget, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. GRIJALVA: 
H.R. 3057. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Health and Human Services to issue to Fed-eral agencies guidelines for developing proce-dures and requirements relating to certain primary care Federal health professionals completing continuing medical education on nutrition and to require Federal agencies to submit annual reports relating to such guidelines, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania (for 
himself and Mr. K
IND): 
H.R. 3058. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide for special treat-ment of the research credit for certain start-up companies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:53 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L14JY7.000 H14JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5172 July 14, 2015 
By Mr. RUSSELL (for himself, Mr. 
LUCAS , Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mr. M ULLIN , 
and Mr. C OLE): 
H.R. 3059. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 4500 SE 28th Street, Del City, Oklahoma, as the James Robert Kalsu Post Office Build-ing; to the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform. 
By Mr. SCHIFF (for himself, Ms. R
OS- 
LEHTINEN , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. L EE, 
Mr. T AKANO , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. 
MOORE , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. 
DESAULNIER , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. 
MCDERMOTT , and Mr. T EDLIEUof 
California): 
H.R. 3060. A bill to require certain stand-
ards and enforcement provisions to prevent child abuse and neglect in residential pro-grams, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. WELCH (for himself, Ms. S
CHA-
KOWSKY , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. E LLI-
SON, Mr. Y ARMUTH , Ms. C ASTOR of 
Florida, and Mr. H UFFMAN ): 
H.R. 3061. A bill to amend part D of title 
XVIII of the Social Security Act to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to negotiate covered part D drug prices on behalf of Medicare beneficiaries; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. WOMACK (for himself, Mr. 
H
ILL, Mr. C RAWFORD , and Mr. 
WESTERMAN ): 
H.R. 3062. A bill to prohibit the use of emi-
nent domain in carrying out certain projects; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska (for himself 
and Mr. R
UIZ): 
H.R. 3063. A bill to amend the Balanced 
Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 to exempt Alaska Native and Amer-ican Indian programs from sequestration; to the Committee on the Budget. 
By Mrs. BLACKBURN (for herself, Mr. 
G
ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. E NGEL , Mr. 
FRANKS of Arizona, Mr. B ARTON , Mr. 
ROEof Tennessee, Mr. B ABIN, Mr. 
WOODALL , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, 
Mr. B RADY of Texas, Mr. H ARDY , Mr. 
ROUZER , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. S ALM-
ON, Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. 
SHERMAN , Mr. F LORES , Mr. T OMPRICE 
of Georgia, and Mr. C HAFFETZ ): 
H. Con. Res. 62. Concurrent resolution ex-
pressing the sense of Congress that Jeru-salem is the capital of Israel and therefore, consistent with the location of other United States embassies, the United States embassy in Israel should be located in Jerusalem; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. WILLIAMS: 
H. Res. 361. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives con-cerning the need to explore emerging tech-nologies that are mobile and capable of sup-plying high volumes of sterile, pathogenic- free water, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-
mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. WILLIAMS: 
H.R. 3048. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (‘‘To regulate 
Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes’’). 
By Mr. ADERHOLT: 
H.R. 3049. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The principal constitutional authority for 
this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of ar-ticle I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropria-tions made by Law. . . .’’ In addition, clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution (the spending power) provides: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States. . . .’’ Together, these specific constitutional provisions establish the congressional power of the purse, granting Congress the author-ity to appropriate funds, to determine their purpose, amount, and period of availability, and to set forth terms and conditions gov-erning their use. 
By Ms. FOXX: 
H.R. 3050. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 and the 16th 
Amendment. 
By Mr. CLYBURN: 
H.R. 3051. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mrs. BLACK: 
H.R. 3052. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United 
States Constitution. 
By Mr. BUCSHON: 
H.R. 3053. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 to regulate 
commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states and with the Indian Tribes. 
By Mr. CAPUANO: 
H.R. 3054. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8. 
By Mr. CRAMER: 
H.R. 3055. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution. 
By Mr. GRAVES of Missouri: 
H.R. 3056. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The power granted Congress under Article 
I, Section 8, Clause 18, of the United States Constitution, in making all Laws which shall be becessary and proper for carring into Exe-cution the forgoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. GRIJALVA: 
H.R. 3057. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
U.S. Const. art. I, §8. 
By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania: 
H.R. 3058. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to 
Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution. he Congress en-acts this bill pursuant to Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitu-tion. 
By Mr. RUSSELL: 
H.R. 3059. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress in Article I, Section 8, Clause 7: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power . . . To establish Post Offices and post roads’’ 
By Mr. SCHIFF: 
H.R. 3060. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1, 3, and 18 of 
the United States Constitution 
By Mr. WELCH: 
H.R. 3061. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Con-
gress shall have Power T o... make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. WOMACK: 
H.R. 3062. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
clause 3 of section 8 of article I of the Con-
stitution. 
By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: 
H.R. 3063. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clauses 3 and 18; and 
Article 1, Section 9, Clause 7 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 131: Mr. Z ELDIN . 
H.R. 133: Mr. H URTof Virginia. 
H.R. 136: Mr. B ERA. 
H.R. 169: Mr. R OKITA . 
H.R. 213: Mr. P OMPEO . 
H.R. 239: Ms. M ENG, Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE  
of Pennsylvania, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. H IGGINS , 
and Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 281: Mr. W ENSTRUP . 
H.R. 372: Mr. R ICHMOND . 
H.R. 379: Mr. J OYCE and Ms. M ATSUI . 
H.R. 381: Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. E DWARDS , and 
Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD . 
H.R. 427: Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER , Mr. L AB-
RADOR , and Mr. C ARTER of Georgia. 
H.R. 510: Mr. W ESTERMAN and Mrs. L UMMIS . 
H.R. 511: Mr. W ESTERMAN . 
H.R. 525: Mr. C OURTNEY . 
H.R. 546: Ms. D EGETTE and Mr. D UNCAN of 
South Carolina. 
H.R. 556: Ms. M CSALLY and Mr. N OLAN . 
H.R. 592: Mrs. C OMSTOCK and Mr. K INGof 
Iowa. 
H.R. 599: Mr. H ULTGREN . 
H.R. 600: Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 602: Mr. D ONOVAN . 
H.R. 604: Mr. B RAT. 
H.R. 616: Mr. R OHRABACHER . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:53 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L14JY7.100 H14JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5173 July 14, 2015 
H.R. 692: Mr. C LAWSON of Florida, Mr. 
GROTHMAN , Mr. W ALKER , and Mrs. R OBY. 
H.R. 700: Mr. T HOMPSON of California. 
H.R. 702: Mr. W ALKER . 
H.R. 799: Mr. C HABOT . 
H.R. 815: Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia. 
H.R. 816: Mr. B YRNE and Mr. M ULVANEY . 
H.R. 835: Mr. K ILDEE . 
H.R. 836: Mr. G RAVES of Missouri. 
H.R. 842: Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, 
Mr. H ANNA , and Mr. V ARGAS . 
H.R. 846: Mr. M OULTON and Mr. A GUILAR . 
H.R. 863: Mr. A LLEN . 
H.R. 868: Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 879: Mr. B OSTand Mr. C ARTER of Geor-
gia. 
H.R. 918: Mr. R OSKAM . 
H.R. 969: Mr. K ILDEE and Mrs. M CMORRIS  
RODGERS . 
H.R. 985: Ms. K ELLY of Illinois. 
H.R. 1004: Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 1062: Mr. R YANof Ohio. 
H.R. 1094: Mr. S TEWART , Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. 
AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia, and Mr. M EEKS . 
H.R. 1114: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois and 
Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1147: Mr. B RAT. 
H.R. 1151: Mr. R IGELL . 
H.R. 1186: Ms. N ORTON . 
H.R. 1202: Mr. K INGof Iowa. 
H.R. 1209: Mr. K IND, Mr. G ARAMENDI , Ms. 
MCSALLY , Mr. K ATKO , Mr. J OYCE , and Mr. 
WALZ. 
H.R. 1211: Mr. R ICHMOND . 
H.R. 1220: Mr. C OOKand Mr. W ALZ. 
H.R. 1221: Mr. H IMES. 
H.R. 1248: Mr. B LUM. 
H.R. 1270: Mr. B RADY of Texas. 
H.R. 1299: Mr. C OLLINS of New York. 
H.R. 1321: Mr. L IPINSKI and Mr. E LLISON . 
H.R. 1343: Mr. P ETERS and Ms. G ABBARD . 
H.R. 1344: Mr. R YANof Ohio. 
H.R. 1356: Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, Mr. 
VELA, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. C LAWSON of Florida, 
and Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 1370: Mrs. H ARTZLER . 
H.R. 1384: Mr. V ELA and Mr. C LAWSON of 
Florida. 
H.R. 1401: Mr. C HABOT . 
H.R. 1427: Mr. K ILMER and Ms. S LAUGHTER . 
H.R. 1459: Mr. M URPHY of Florida. 
H.R. 1462: Mr. R YANof Ohio. 
H.R. 1482: Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 1490: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK . 
H.R. 1533: Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 1546: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK and Mr. M UR-
PHYof Florida. 
H.R. 1548: Ms. M CCOLLUM and Mr. A GUILAR . 
H R. 1594: Mr. V ELA, Mr. A SHFORD , and Mr. 
CLAWSON of Florida. 
H.R. 1598: Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 1599: Mr. W OODALL , Mr. P ITTENGER , 
and Mr. A BRAHAM . 
H.R. 1607: Ms. L OFGREN and Mr. L ARSEN of 
Washington. 
H.R. 1608: Mr. F ARR. 
H.R. 1610: Mr. G RIFFITH . 
H.R. 1624: Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. 
RENACCI , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. 
BRADY of Texas, Mrs. R OBY, and Mr. 
BUCHANAN . 
H.R. 1655: Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
TIBERI , Mr. G IBSON , and Mr. B RADY of Penn-
sylvania. 
H.R. 1671: Mr. O LSON . 
H.R. 1688: Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN . 
H.R. 1713: Ms. S INEMA . 
H.R. 1726: Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia and Mr. 
HECKof Washington. 
H.R. 1728: Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. 
SMITH of Washington, and Mr. R OSS. 
H.R. 1737: Mr. G OODLATTE and Mr. K INGof 
New York. 
H.R. 1752: Mrs. L UMMIS and Mr. L ABRADOR . 
H.R. 1814: Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. 
BORDALLO , Mr. Y ARMUTH , and Mr. Z INKE. 
H.R. 1833: Mr. A GUILAR . 
H.R. 1836: Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina. H.R. 1853: Mr. G UINTA . 
H.R. 1886: Mr. A LLEN . 
H.R. 1901: Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. G UTHRIE , 
and Mrs. L UMMIS . 
H.R. 1969: Mr. B ILIRAKIS and Mr. M CGOV-
ERN. 
H.R. 1995: Mr. J OYCE . 
H.R. 1996: Mr. T IBERI . 
H.R. 2000: Mrs. B EATTY . 
H.R. 2016: Ms. M OORE . 
H.R. 2050: Ms. B ASSand Mr. B OST. 
H.R. 2061: Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS and Mr. 
BRADY of Texas. 
H.R. 2096: Mr. S IMPSON and Mr. H ULTGREN . 
H.R. 2167: Mr. S ARBANES . 
H.R. 2169: Mr. D EUTCH and Mr. M URPHY of 
Florida. 
H.R. 2193: Mr. K ILDEE . 
H.R. 2217: Mr. K EATING . 
H.R. 2218: Mr. P ETERS . 
H.R. 2315: Mr. C ARSON of Indiana and Mr. 
FORTENBERRY . 
H.R. 2382: Mrs. L UMMIS . 
H.R. 2404: Mr. N UNES . 
H.R. 2410: Mr. T HOMPSON of California. 
H.R. 2483: Mr. M ARCHANT . 
H.R. 2510: Mr. E MMER of Minnesota. 
H.R. 2523: Mr. R OSKAM . 
H.R. 2524: Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 2531: Mr. B OST. 
H.R. 2544: Mr. P EARCE . 
H.R. 2588: Mr. R OSS. 
H.R. 2636: Mr. Q UIGLEY . 
H.R. 2643: Mr. P EARCE , Mr. R OTHFUS , and 
Mr. M ULVANEY . 
H.R. 2646: Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn-
sylvania and Ms. K APTUR . 
H.R. 2675: Mr. R OKITA . 
H.R. 2689: Mr. H UNTER and Mrs. T ORRES . 
H.R. 2710: Mr. H ARRIS and Mr. W ALDEN . 
H.R. 2713: Mr. Y ARMUTH , Ms. R OYBAL - 
ALLARD , Ms. P LASKETT , and Mr. H IGGINS . 
H.R. 2715: Mr. K ILMER and Ms. M OORE . 
H.R. 2722: Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania 
and Mrs. R ADEWAGEN . 
H.R. 2744: Mr. P IERLUISI , Mr. L OWENTHAL , 
Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, 
Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. K ILMER , Mr. 
CLAWSON of Florida, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. R OONEY  
of Florida, Mr. R OUZER , and Mr. J ONES . 
H.R. 2754: Mr. K IND, Mr. K ELLY of Pennsyl-
vania, and Mr. K INGof New York. 
H.R. 2793: Mr. L OUDERMILK , Mr. G ROTHMAN , 
Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, and Mr. K ELLY  
of Mississippi. 
H.R. 2798: Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 2799: Mr. P ETERS . 
H.R. 2800: Mr. M ACARTHUR and Mrs. B LACK . 
H.R. 2817: Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 2826: Ms. S INEMA . 
H.R. 2899: Mr. K ATKO , Mr. C ARTER of Geor-
gia, Mr. W ALKER , Mr. D ONOVAN , and Ms. 
MCSALLY . 
H.R. 2903: Mr. P EARCE and Mr. T ONKO . 
H.R. 2904: Mr. P ETERSON . 
H.R. 2905: Mr. M ULVANEY and Mr. K INGof 
Iowa. 
H.R. 2918: Mr. M ACARTHUR . 
H.R. 2920: Ms. P INGREE . 
H.R. 2921: Mr. M ILLER of Florida. 
H.R. 2937: Mr. R IBBLE and Mr. D UNCAN of 
South Carolina. 
H.R. 2948: Ms. E STY. 
H.R. 2973: Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. 
FLEISCHMANN , and Mr. R OEof Tennessee. 
H.R. 2974: Mr. V ARGAS . 
H.R. 2983: Ms. D EGETTE . 
H.R. 2987: Mrs. B EATTY and Mr. B ARR. 
H.R. 2991: Mr. J OYCE . 
H.R. 2999: Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Ms. 
BROWNLEY of California, Ms. K USTER , Ms. 
TITUS, and Mr. W ALZ. 
H.R. 3002: Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, 
Mr. Y OHO, and Mr. A DERHOLT . 
H.R. 3009: Mr. M CCLINTOCK and Mr. 
LUETKEMEYER . 
H.J. Res. 50: Mr. B UCKand Mr. P OMPEO . 
H. Con. Res. 19: Mrs. B LACK . H. Con. Res. 58: Mr. M OOLENAAR . 
H. Res. 145: Mr. T EDLIEUof California. 
H. Res. 208: Mr. V EASEY . 
H. Res. 282: Mr. V ANHOLLEN . 
H. Res. 294: Mr. C ARSON of Indiana and Ms. 
MATSUI . 
H. Res. 354: Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. K LINE, Mr. K INGof New York, and Mr. 
FITZPATRICK . 
H. Res. 359: Mr. A BRAHAM and Mr. 
GROTHMAN . 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-
ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS 
Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or 
statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BYMR. MCCLINTOCK  
The amendment filed to Rules Committee 
Print 114–23 for H.R. 2829 by me does not con-tain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of House rule XXI. 
O
FFERED BYMR. BISHOP OF UTAH 
The provisions that warranted a referral to 
the Committee on Natural Resources in H.R. 3038 do not contain any congressional ear-marks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
O
FFERED BYMR. KLINE 
The provisions that warranted a referral to 
the Committee on Education and the Work-force in H.R. 3038 do not contain any con-gressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
O
FFERED BYMR. MCCAUL 
The provisions that warranted a referral to 
the Committee on Homeland Security in H.R. 3038 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
O
FFERED BYMR. RYAN OF WISCONSIN  
The provisions that warranted a referral to 
the Committee on Ways and Means in H.R. 3038, ‘‘Highway and Transportation Funding Act of 2015, Part II,’’ do not contain any con-gressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representatives. 
O
FFERED BYMR. SHUSTER  
H.R. 3038 does not contain any congres-
sional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or lim-ited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
O
FFERED BYMR. SMITH OF TEXAS  
The provisions that warranted a referral to 
the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology in H.R. 3038, the ‘‘Highway and Trans-portation Funding Act of 2015, Part II,’’ do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff bene-fits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
O
FFERED BYMR. UPTON  
The provisions that warranted a referral to 
the Committee on Energy and Commerce in H.R. 3038 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
f 
DELETIONS OF SPONSORS FROM 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were deleted from public bills and reso-lutions, as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY7.022 H14JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5174 July 14, 2015 
H.R. 2722: Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. 
FLEISCHMANN , Mr. C LAWSON of Florida, Mrs. 
LUMMIS , Mrs. B LACK , Mr. H ILL, Mr. P ALMER , Mr. H OLDING , Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. F LEMING , 
Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. B UCK, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. 
YODER , Mrs. N OEM, Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. S AN-FORD , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mrs. R OBY, Mr. G RIF-
FITH, Mr. G OSAR , Mr. H UDSON , Mr. C RAWFORD , 
Mr. D ESANTIS , and Mr. P ERRY . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:53 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY7.021 H14JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S5021 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JULY 14, 2015 No. 109 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Father of all, give us Your wisdom in 
these challenging times. May Your wis-dom ignite within us reverential awe for You. Inspired by Your wisdom, help our Senators to strive to ensure that their thoughts, words, and deeds glo-rify You. May our lawmakers not for-get that You are an ever-present help for turbulent times, eager to deliver those who call on Your Holy Name. 
Lord, sustain us with Your might 
that we will live free from fear. Mighty God, salvation belongs to You. Con-tinue to shower us with Your blessings. 
We pray in Your majestic Name. 
Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The 
majority leader is recognized. 
f 
NUCLEAR AGREEMENT WITH IRAN 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, 2 
weeks ago, I asked the Obama adminis-tration to step back from the Iran ne-gotiations, press pause, and reexamine the point of having the talks in the first place. That would have been the most rational and reasonable approach for the White House to take, especially considering that its own allies in the Senate were using phrases such as 
‘‘deeply worrying’’ to describe the di-rection of the talks. 
But instead of taking the time to re-
examine basic objectives with its part-ners and agree on the nonnegotiable elements of any deal—things such as anytime, anywhere inspections, com-plete disclosure of previous military- related nuclear research, and phased relief of sanctions tied to Iranian com-pliance—the White House acquiesced instead to artificial deadline after arti-ficial deadline and opportunity after opportunity for Iran to press for addi-tional concessions along the way. 
The result is the comprehensive nu-
clear agreement announced today. Given what we do know so far, it ap-pears that Republicans and Democrats were right to be deeply worried about the direction of these talks. 
It seems Americans in both parties 
were right to fear that a deal inked by the White House would further the flawed elements of April’s interim agreement, that it would aim at the best deal acceptable to Iran rather than one that might actually end Iran’s nuclear program. Remember, ending Iran’s nuclear program was sup-posed to be the point of these talks in the first place. What is already clear about this agreement is that it will not achieve or even come close to achiev-ing that original purpose. 
Instead, the Iranians appear to have 
prevailed in this negotiation, main-taining thousands of centrifuges, en-riching their threshold nuclear capa-bility instead of ending it, reaping a multibillion-dollar windfall to spend freely on terrorism, dividing our West-ern allies and negotiating partners, some of whom will undoubtedly sell arms to Iran, and gaining legitimacy before the world. 
This was an entirely predictable re-
sult—in fact, the most predictable re-sult given the administration’s stance. As noted back in 2012, here is what I said: ‘‘The only way the Iranian regime can be expected to negotiate to pre-
serve its own survival rather than to simply delay as a means of pursuing nuclear weapons is if the administra-tion imposes the strictest sanctions while at the same time enforcing a firm, declaratory policy that reflects a commitment to the use of force.’’ 
But, no, the administration never did 
that. Instead, it relied upon train-and- equip programs instead of forward pres-ence, emphasized special operations forces in economy of force efforts, pur-sued a drawdown from Iraq and Af-ghanistan based on timelines, not bat-
tlefield conditions, and executed a drawdown of our conventional and nu-clear forces and a withdrawal of those forces by both attrition and redeploy-ment. Through actions such as these and by eschewing any declaratory pol-icy toward Iran, the President made clear to the world, contrary to his rhetoric, that all options were not on the table. All options were simply not on the table. Knowing this, the Ira-nians never feared for their survival— of course, the survival of their regime being their No. 1 goal. And so we have the deal we have today. 
It appears we have lost the chance to 
dismantle Iran’s nuclear program and that will now become a challenge for the next President to confront, regard-less of political party. But the Senate has yet to receive the final text of the agreement. We will not come to a final judgment until we do. The country de-serves a thorough and fair review right here in the Senate, and that is just what we intend to pursue. 
Committees will be holding hearings, 
witnesses will be coming to testify, and then Congress will approve or dis-approve the deal in accordance with the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act. 
The test of the agreement should be 
this. Will it leave our country and our allies safer? Will this agreement leave our country and our allies safer? 
There are several things we will be 
looking at in particular as we weigh 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:52 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.000 S14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5022 July 14, 2015 
whether it will, and here are a few of 
them: Will the agreement allow for anytime, anywhere inspections of mili-tary installations and research and de-velopment facilities? 
Will the agreement compel the Ira-
nians to disclose the possible military dimensions of their nuclear program? 
Will the agreement make any real 
impact on Iran’s ability to continue re-searching and developing advanced centrifuges? 
Will the agreement’s sanctions relief 
be tied to Iran’s strict adherence to the terms of the deal, and will we have any real way to verify its compliance? 
These parameters will also help us 
determine just how successful the Ira-nians have been in extracting conces-sions from the White House. So we will be examining them very closely. 
I will remind colleagues of the deadly 
seriousness of the issue at hand. This should not be about some political leg-acy project. This is not some game ei-ther. 
It is certainly not the time for more 
tired, obviously untrue talking points about the choice here between a bad deal and war. No serious person would believe that is true. Even the people saying these things have to know they are not true, and they probably know that the very opposite is, in fact, more likely. So the country doesn’t have time to waste on more White House messaging exercises when the serious-ness of the moment calls for intellectu-ally honest debate. The choices made today are sure to affect our country for years—probably decades—to come. 
The future we leave to our children is 
at issue as well. The Senate should en-gage in serious consideration of what faces us in the years ahead. I invite every Democrat and every Republican to join us in that critical conversation. Our country deserves no less. What we must decide now is whether this is really the right time to be reducing pressure on the world’s leading state sponsor of terror and for what in re-turn. We already know what the Quds Force is capable of under the sanctions regime. What will Iran’s support of ter-rorism look like with the additional funding obtained from sanctions relief? 
Let’s not forget that Iran is pursuing 
a full-spectrum campaign to expand its sphere of influence and undermine American security and standing in the region. Iran’s continued support of ter-rorism and its determination to expand ballistic missile and conventional mili-tary capabilities should be gravely con-cerning to each of us. They certainly are to me. They pose significant chal-lenges to our country and President Obama’s successor. 
This comes on top of the many other 
threats that challenge our country today and into the future from groups such as the Taliban, Al Qaeda, and ISIL to increasingly aggressive re-gimes in Moscow and Beijing. A bad deal won’t make any of those threats go away. Pretending otherwise isn’t going to make us safer. A bad deal will only ensure that Iran has more funding 
to threaten us with renewed vigor. It will only ensure that Iran expands its stockpile of missiles and that it strengthens terrorist proxies such as Hezbollah, the Houthi insurgents in Yemen, and the Assad regime in Syria. 
In fact, here is a Reuters headline 
from this morning. Listen to this: ‘‘Syria’s Assad sees more Iranian sup-port after nuclear deal.’’ That is the re-action from the Syrian regime. ‘‘Syr-ia’s Assad sees more Iranian support after the nuclear deal.’’ 
Look, the White House needs to know 
that the Congress elected by the people is prepared to do anything it can to make America safer. We want to work collaboratively with the President to advance that goal, but if we have to work against a bad agreement to do so—a flawed deal that threatens our country and our allies—I assure you, we will. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C OT-
TON). The Democratic leader is recog-
nized. 
f 
NUCLEAR AGREEMENT WITH IRAN 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I issued a 
statement earlier this morning. To-day’s historic accord is the result of years of hard work by President Obama and his administration. The world com-munity agrees that a nuclear-armed Iran is unacceptable and a threat to our national security, to the safety of Israel, and to the stability of the whole Middle East. Now it is incumbent on the Congress to review this agreement with a thoughtful, level-headed process and to give this agreement the review it deserves. 
f 
EDUCATION BILL AND 
APPROPRIATIONS PROCESS 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, in the 
Chamber this morning we have the chairman of the education committee, a man for whom I have the utmost re-spect. He is a person who understands education. He was the Governor of the State of Tennessee. He was the Sec-retary of Education, and he has been an outstanding Senator. 
But something occurred last night 
that I think is really outside the spec-ter of reasonableness. Cloture was filed on the education bill last night, mean-ing we are going to have a vote on it tomorrow morning. 
We have worked on a few amend-
ments, and basically all of them could have been accepted with voice votes. There was not a single difficult amend-ment that was brought up. So now clo-ture is being sought, and in the proc-ess, ignoring Democratic amendments that we have been waiting to offer for some time now. We are not going to allow cloture to succeed unless we have a pathway forward on these amend-
ments. 
The ranking member of the com-
mittee, the senior Senator from Wash-ington, knows this. She has talked with the chairman of the committee about this, and we are going to have to have a reasonable time to debate those amendments and have votes on those amendments. Otherwise, we are not going to complete this bill. It is an im-portant bill. We should complete the bill. 
Senate Democrats have said for 
months that Republicans are running a sham on the appropriations process. From the very beginning, the Repub-licans have proceeded with an appro-priations process that is designed to fail. They moved forward bills they know Democrats cannot support. Re-publican leaders in Congress simply have shown no interest in funding our government in a fair and responsible manner. 
This past week, even we were sur-
prised how House Republican leader-ship has handled the appropriations process. Republicans brought their in-terior and environment appropriations bill before the House for debate. This legislation is nothing short of a dis-aster. In fact, the bill that they brought to the floor is so bad that President Obama has made it clear al-ready that it will be vetoed. 
What does it do? It strangles the En-
vironmental Protection Agency’s budg-et, cutting it by 9 percent, $700 million. It prohibits completion and implemen-tation of pollution standards for dirty powerplants to address climate change. It cuts funding for State drinking water infrastructure. It cuts funding for National Parks. 
We have such an infrastructure def-
icit in our National Park System that it is a crying shame. Yet they cut more from this program. We are the envy of the rest of the world with our national parks, but with how the Republicans have treated this wonderful system of parks we have, they are really being depleted. It allows corporations to shift costs of their toxic waste bills to tax-payers. 
We have had for decades a very suc-
cessful program to clean up these very, very dirty spills dealing with chemi-cals and other substances that shouldn’t be on the ground. It is called Superfund. What it does is make sure that these environmental disasters are paid for by the people who created the disaster. What does the House do on this? They change this and say: No, we are not going to have the people that messed up the environment clean it up; we are going to have the taxpayers clean it up. That is wrong. 
This bill that was in the House last 
week blocks hydraulic fracking rules for public lands designed to provide transparency and protect communities 
that host oil and gas drilling. Rules for public lands, not private lands—they eliminate that. 
Those are only a small number of the 
devastating provisions the Republicans 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:52 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.001 S14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5023 July 14, 2015 
have piled into this funding bill. But 
even more shocking was what occurred next, as legislation pertaining to the removal of the Confederate flag brought the Republicans’ appropria-tions bill to a screeching halt. In an at-tempt to avoid voting on amendments that would outlaw the use of Confed-erate emblems, the House leadership shut down their own spending bill. 
The Confederate flag issue was 
brought up by Republicans. They ac-cepted it the day before this debacle took place on the House floor. But then they wanted more debate on the Con-federate flag, and it didn’t sell. What did they do? They figured out a way to drop this bill totally and take it off the floor. 
Listen to a few of the headlines that 
were in the newspapers that follow. 
From the Atlantic: ‘‘Republican De-
fenders of the Confederate Flag Derail a Spending Bill.’’ 
From Politico: ‘‘GOP Leaders Yank 
Bill after Confederate Flag Fracas.’’ 
From Roll Call: ‘‘The Confederate 
Flag Imperils Republican Goal to Fin-ish Spending Bills by August.’’ 
Finally, from the Wall Street Jour-
nal: ‘‘Confederate Flag Debate Prompts House to Pull Spending Bill.’’ 
It is very disappointing that this is 
what the Republican Party of the 21st century stands for—protecting em-blems of racism and our tragic past. The Congress should not be protecting the Confederate flag. Protecting the Confederate flag certainly is not wor-thy of bringing the entire U.S. Govern-ment to a standstill. But that is what the Republicans have been doing all along with their bogus appropriations bills—bringing our country to a stand-still. 
It has been clear for months that the 
only way Congress will arrive at a re-sponsible budget is by Republicans and Democrats, Senate and House, sitting down together and finding a path for-ward. Now is the time to negotiate— not in September, not in October. 
We know that the Republicans are 
experienced in shutting down the gov-ernment. They did it before for several weeks. It was devastating to our econ-omy, and it was a real shock to the worldwide community. Sequestration is another ingenious method of the Re-publicans to hurt the American middle class. 
Republicans are experienced in shut-
ting down the government. They did it 2 years ago. We know how the Amer-ican economy suffered. 
Senate Democrats aren’t the only 
ones calling on Republican leaders to sit down for bipartisan funding talks. Listen to what was said by congres-sional Republicans. H
ALROGERS is 
dean of the Kentucky delegation and chairman of the House Appropriations Committee. Here is what he said: 
If we wait until the end of the fiscal year, 
then we’re going to have to pass a C.R . . . then try to cobble together something in the meantime like we’ve been doing, but under pressure. And that’s not the best way to leg-islate. House Appropriations subcommittee 
chairman M IKESIMPSON of Idaho said: 
Under sequestration, the way it currently 
exists, you can’t pass appropriations bills. It ensures that what you’ve got is a C.R. for the rest of your life. 
House Appropriations subcommittee 
chairman T OMCOLEsaid: 
The reality is we still live in a divided gov-
ernment. It’s not as if the Democrats can be shut out, but they can’t dictate to us any more than we can dictate to them. It’s time to sit down and see if we can make a deal. 
CHARLIE DENT, Appropriations sub-
committee chairman in the House, from Pennsylvania, said: 
We all know there’s going to have to be a 
short-term C.R. to take us from September to December. And I would hope sometime be-tween now and then, we’ll have a negotiated budget agreement. 
These are just a few of the quotes of 
the House Republic chairmen. The only way we are going to avoid another Re-publican Government shutdown is by both parties sitting down to construct a bipartisan agreement. 
Let’s skip all of the unnecessary 
drama by starting today to work to-gether to avoid another government shutdown. 
What is the business of the day, Mr. 
President? 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
EVERY CHILD ACHIEVES ACT OF 
2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of S. 1177, which the clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1177) to reauthorize the Elemen-
tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves. 
Pending: 
Alexander/Murray amendment No. 2089, in 
the nature of a substitute. 
Murray (for Peters) amendment No. 2095 
(to amendment No. 2089), to allow local edu-cational agencies to use parent and family engagement funds for financial literacy ac-tivities. 
Murray (for Warren/Gardner) amendment 
No. 2120 (to amendment No. 2089), to amend section 1111(d) of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 regarding the cross-tabulation of student data. 
Alexander (for Kirk) amendment No. 2161 
(to amendment No. 2089), to ensure that States measure and report on indicators of student access to critical educational re-sources and identify disparities in such re-sources. 
Alexander (for Scott) amendment No. 2132 
(to amendment No. 2089), to expand oppor-tunity by allowing Title I funds to follow low-income children. 
Murray (for Franken) amendment No. 2093 
(to amendment No. 2089), to end discrimina-tion based on actual or perceived sexual ori-entation or gender identity in public schools. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, the 
Democratic leader expressed the hope that we could have a path to the end on amendments, and I can assure him that Senator M
URRAY and I agree with him 
wholeheartedly. We are working to-gether to try to be able to do that. In the committee, we adopted 29 amend-ments. Most of those were Democratic amendments. We have adopted 22 on the floor, and the majority of those are 
Democratic amendments. The Demo-cratic leader has been very helpful to allow us to come to the floor without delay, and I can assure him and the majority leader that Senator M
URRAY  
and I intend to try to resolve the cou-ple of issues we have right now and be able to recommend to the leadership a path forward. It would be my hope that we don’t even have to have a cloture vote—that we didn’t have to have one to get on the floor, and I hope we don’t have to have one to get off the floor. I am not prepared to say we can do that yet, but we agree with him, and we will do our best to do that. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader. 
Mr. REID. Through the Chair to my 
friend, the senior Senator from Ten-nessee, the way the rules now exist, now after coming in tomorrow, there will be a cloture vote. I say to my friend that we need an agreement prior to that or we are not going to get clo-ture on the bill, on the substitute, which would be a shame. I hope that we can have adequate debate on these amendments. If we have 5 minutes per amendment, that won’t work. I know that my friend is a fair man, but we are trying to understand why there was a rush on filing cloture on this bill. 
I know there is a lot of work to do 
around here, but you can’t shortchange one bill in an effort to get to some-thing else that may not work either. We have two cloture votes on this bill. We can avoid the cloture vote, and that would be great. Maybe we can avoid the cloture vote on the bill itself. I hope so. But until my Senators are pro-tected, we are not going to invoke clo-ture tomorrow morning. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
understand what the Democratic leader is saying. I think the best thing for Senator M
URRAY and me to do is to 
continue to work as we have with other Senators. I believe we know almost all of the amendments that are to be adopted. Not only have we adopted the ones in committee and the ones on the floor, but Senator M
URRAY and I have 
several dozen other amendments that we are prepared to recommend to the full Senate be adopted in the substitute agreement. I would say to Senators that if there is any other amendment, I hope you will let us know about it. The filing deadline is 2:30 this after-noon. I hope we have all of the amend-ments that we need to have. 
Occasionally, I am asked: Why do the 
Senators argue all the time? My an-swer usually is this: That is what we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:52 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.003 S14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5024 July 14, 2015 
are here to do. We are presented with 
the most contentious issues in the country—issues that can’t be resolved in other places. So of course, we are going to argue a lot. We debate. We have rules about debate. We debate what to do about the Iran nuclear deal. We debate what to do about health care. We debate what kind of trade agreements we should have. But occa-sionally, we come to a consensus about what to do. A consensus is the way you govern a complex country. 
I remember very well when I was a 
very young staff member here, I watched Senator Dirksen, the Repub-lican leader—this was in 1968—and President Johnson, the Democratic President, work together to pass a civil rights bill. The bill was written in the Republican leader’s office, even though it had been proposed by the Democratic President. It took 68 votes to pass it, in order to get cloture at that time. When they finally got 68—it took 67; they got 68—Senator Russell of Georgia, who led the opposition, flew to Atlanta and said: It is the law of the land; we need to support it. That is why we have the Senate. The Senate has been called the one authentic piece of genius in the American political system. It is the only place in our Government that en-courages and actually forces consensus on important issues. 
When you take a complex issue and 
try to resolve it and have it be the rule for a country as big and diverse as ours, consensus is the only way to do it. I cannot think of an issue about which there needs to be more con-sensus than one that involves the 100,000 public schools in our country, which have 50 million children and 3
1⁄2 
million teachers. Having a debate such as this about elementary and sec-ondary education is like attending a football game at the University of Ten-nessee or Arkansas or Washington. Ev-erybody in the stands is an expert. Ev-erybody in the stands knows they can be the coach or the quarterback. 
It is not that easy to get a consensus 
about what to do about elementary and secondary education in America. What is the proper role for the Federal Gov-ernment? Once you have decided that, then what do you do about it? How much do you spend? What rules do you set? 
The remarkable thing is that we have 
come to a consensus in two ways here about our elementary and secondary education legislation which is on floor today. The first is that we need to get something done. We are 7 years over-due. Newsweek magazine said this last week in the headline to its story: ‘‘The Education Law Everyone Wants to Fix.’’ We have tried twice in the last two Congresses. It was a well-inten-tioned bipartisan effort. Each failed. Each failed. We don’t have to go into the reasons why, but they did fail. 
In this Congress, we are off to a dif-
ferent start. We have heard from our teachers, our Governors, our super-intendents, and our parents that you have to get this done. We want the bill 
to be as much like the one each one of us would write as possible. But in the end, let’s get it done. Not only do we have a remarkable consensus about the need to fix No Child Left Behind, but we have a remarkable consensus about how to do it. I give a great deal of cred-it for that to the Senator from Wash-ington, Mrs. M
URRAY , who suggested to 
me that she and I write a draft bill to-gether, which we did. We presented it to our committee, which includes many of the most liberal Members of the Senate and many of the most con-servative Members of the Senate. 
We worked through that draft. We 
considered 58 amendments. We adopted 29. A majority of those were Demo-cratic amendments. In the end, every single member of the committee voted to report it to the floor. That did not mean every single member of the com-mittee supported every provision in the bill, but I think what it meant—and I asked the members this before they voted: One, has it been a fair process? Have you had a chance to have your say? Is this bill good enough to present to the full Senate? The answer was yes for 22 Senators on both sides of the aisle. 
Now, we have come to the Senate 
floor and we have been here about a week. We have adopted already 22 amendments, 14 of them are Demo-cratic amendments. We have several dozen more amendments that Senator M
URRAY and I have reviewed with our 
staffs and we agree with them. We are going to recommend to the full Senate that those be adopted by voice vote. They are important amendments, im-portant contributions to the bill. We have about two dozen remaining to go which we need to vote on. 
We need to do that today and we need 
to do that tomorrow. There is no need for us to go longer than that. We know what the amendments are. We have time to talk about those amendments on those 2 days. One or two of those are particularly contentious. We are trying to work those out. 
So today what I would appeal to my 
colleagues for is cooperation. We have had excellent cooperation in the com-mittee. We have had members of our committee who agreed not to offer amendments in the committee because they were told by me and Senator M
UR-
RAY that they have a chance to offer 
those amendments on the floor. We in-tend for them to have that opportunity before we finish this bill. 
Senators on both sides of the aisle 
exercised restraint in that way in pur-suit of a result. Most of the Members of the Senate on both sides of this aisle so far in this debate for the last week have done the same. I would simply ask all the Members of the Senate on both sides of the aisle in the next couple of days to show that same kind of re-straint and help us get a result. 
There is no need for us to go more 
than a couple of days. There is no need for us to have a cloture vote. We should be able to agree the amendments we 
know about can be scheduled and there can be an adequate time for debate on those and we can vote on them. We should be able to do that by unanimous consent. We want Senators to have a right to have their say on amendments that are related—related to elementary and secondary education. 
So I thank the majority leader for 
placing this bill on the floor. I thank the Democratic leader for helping to create an environment in which we can succeed. I thank Senator M
URRAY and 
her staff and our staff for working with the other Senators to get as far as we go. What I would ask our colleagues once again to do is to say: Our filing deadline is 2:30. We hope we already have all of the amendments. If every-one will cooperate with us, hopefully, the Senator from Washington and I can present to the leadership a list of amendments, a time agreement for how much debate there should be, and we should get started. We ought to be able to have one or two amendments voted on before lunch. When that is agreed to, we will let Senators know. Other-wise, I would expect there to be several votes in the afternoon, and a great many votes on Wednesday. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, at 
Zillah High School in my home State of Washington, Jeff Charbonneau teaches science and engineering class-es. Nearly half of the students in his school are struggling with poverty or come from low-income backgrounds. But despite the challenges poverty can present for students, Jeff and his col-leagues engage their students and work tirelessly to help them succeed. 
That dedication had paid off. Zillah 
High School graduates more than 95 percent of its seniors, and Jeff was named National Teacher of the Year a couple of years ago. But despite all of that success, today Jeff’s school is la-beled as ‘‘failing.’’ The reason: Last year, Washington State lost its waiver from No Child Left Behind require-ments. That means most of the schools in my home State are listed as failing. 
That is not fair to teachers like Jeff 
who pour their energy into making sure students can succeed. It is not fair to Washington State parents who are still facing a great deal of uncertainty about their child’s school. It is not fair to students who deserve better than the current K-through-12 education law. It is time to finally fix No Child Left Behind. I am working hard to fix this broken law for teachers in my home State like Jeff. 
I am working to restore certainty for 
parents in Washington State and across the country because they want to feel confident in the school where they send their child. I am working to make sure all students can get a qual-ity education at our public schools no matter where they live or how they learn or how much money their parents 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:52 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.004 S14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5025 July 14, 2015 
make. The Every Child Achieves Act is 
our chance to finally fix the current law. 
It gives States more flexibility, while 
also including Federal guardrails to make sure all students have access to a quality public education. I look for-ward to making this good bill even bet-ter. It is why I am disappointed with the majority leader’s decision last night to file cloture and move toward ending debate on the bill. We still have several important issues to address. Senator F
RANKEN has an amendment to 
help protect LGBT students from bul-lying and discrimination at school. 
I think it is an absolutely critical 
issue. When students do not feel safe at school, we have failed to provide them with the educational opportunities they deserve. I hope all of our Senate colleagues agree that we need to pro-tect LGBT students from bullying and discrimination. We also have an amendment to expand access to high- quality early childhood education from Senator C
ASEY , making sure kids can 
start kindergarten ready to learn. It is one of the best investments we can make to help them succeed in school and later in life. I look forward to hav-ing that debate on the Senate floor. 
We also need to improve account-
ability. Our bipartisan bill already in-cludes some Federal guardrails to help students get access to a quality edu-cation, but there is more we can do to strengthen those measures and make sure all kids, especially our most vul-nerable students, are able to learn and grow and thrive in the classroom. 
So we have many issues yet to work 
through concluding debate on this bill. Getting this right cannot be more im-portant for students across the coun-try. Providing a quality education is not just good for students today, it is an investment in our future workforce, it is an investment in our future econ-omy, and it will help our country grow stronger. Around the country, and in my home State of Washington, parents, students, teachers, and communities are looking to us to fix the No Child Left Behind law. We cannot let them down. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Montana. 
Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, first of 
all, before I get into my prepared re-marks, I want to say thanks to Senator A
LEXANDER and Senator M URRAY for 
their great work on this bill. I very much appreciate where we are today, and hopefully when the amendments are all done, this bill will continue to be a step forward for this country’s public education system and the stu-dents who are in it. 
As everybody may know in this body, 
I am a third-generation farmer from North Central Montana. My wife Sharla and I have the incredible oppor-tunity of farming the same land my grandfather and grandmother home-steaded and my folks worked for 35 years. I have been working on the farm since I was very young. From the age 
of 8, I knew I wanted to be a farmer, but my parents were insistent that I work hard in school and that I pursue a degree, even though agriculture was in my blood. 
They knew a degree would give me 
greater opportunity both on and off the farm. My mother, in particular, had an unbreakable faith in the power of pub-lic education. So I went to college and after college—I graduated and got a de-gree—I started teaching in the same el-ementary school I attended as a child. While my calling as a farmer pulled me away from my time as a public school teacher in rural America—now, to be honest with you, the fact is, I could make more money in 1 day processing meat than I could in a week of teach-ing school. But that is another prob-lem. 
Nonetheless, I left the formal public 
education classroom. But it remained a key part of my life because I knew edu-cation was important. My parents in-stilled that in me. So I ran for the school board and got elected. I have been involved in public education my entire life, as a student, as a teacher, as a parent, as a school board member, as a State senator, as a grandfather, and now as a U.S. Senator. I have seen the positive impact that good edu-cation can have on folks’ lives. I have seen how our system has failed too many kids. 
Last year, Denise Juneau, Montana’s 
Superintendent of Public Instruction, put out a report on why graduation matters. Nearly 80 percent of the male inmates in Montana’s prison system are high school dropouts—80 percent of the male inmates in Montana’s prison system are high school dropouts. Near-ly three-quarters of the women in Mon-tana jails are high school dropouts. 
Superintendent Juneau estimated 
that Montana could combine crime re-duction savings and additional revenue of over $19 million annually if we just graduated 5 percent more kids and in-carcerated fewer of them. Nationally, these stakes are just as high. Accord-ing to some figures, over 80 percent of the incarcerated population is high school dropouts. It is true that over 8,000 Americans drop out of high school each and every day. We can see how quickly the cost of incarceration will add up, even if many stay out of trou-ble and some go back and get their GED years later. 
But it is not only the question of in-
carceration. The only jobs left within reach of a high school dropout are al-most always going to be minimum wage or close to it. That perpetuates the cycle of poverty. So every Amer-ican ought to know what we are up against. I know that what we do this week with the Every Child Achieves Act will affect millions of American families for years to come. 
For the past few months, the Appro-
priations Committee has been working on bills that impact everything from our national defense to veterans, to ag-riculture, to access to public lands. I 
have been highly critical of where this majority thinks we should spend money and where it thinks we don’t need to invest. My colleagues on the Appropriations Committee deserve a lot of credit for doing the best they can, but the end result is still unac-ceptable. 
They have underfunded care for vet-
erans by over $850 million compared to what the VA says it needs to keep up with the increased number of veterans accessing the VA. They have rejected efforts to make Head Start a full-day, full-year learning initiative. By freez-ing Head Start funding, they risk kick-ing more than 12,000 kids out of Head Start, despite the successes I have al-ready told you about prison popu-lations and education. It is a direct connection. 
They have cut half a billion dollars 
out of clean water projects. Meanwhile, they have funneled $40 billion of bor-rowed money into an off-the-books ac-count used for overseas military oper-ations. This week, as we work to re-form elementary and secondary edu-cation to ensure that our kids and our grandkids are prepared for the chal-lenges of this worldwide economy in which we live, we simply cannot afford to shortchange their future. 
That doesn’t just mean providing the 
framework that will guide our Nation’s 100,000 school districts as they work to improve education that our students receive, it also means letting them make decisions for themselves. If schools are not teaching well, they are accountable to school boards. If school boards are hiring bad teachers or misapplying resources, they are ac-countable to their voters. I can tell you as a former school board member, they are accountable to their voters. 
But we also have to provide them 
with the resources they need to suc-ceed. This is an investment we must make. Almost everyone in this body agrees that education is the single best investment we can make to ensure that folks are able to climb the economic ladder and get out of poverty. While I do not agree with everything in the Every Child Achieves Act, I can tell you it is certainly a step in the right direction. 
Most importantly—most impor-
tantly—this bill eliminates adequate yearly progress known as AYP and moves us away from some of the failed high-stakes testing we have come to know. The chairman and ranking mem-ber need to be applauded for that. No Child Left Behind assumed that all stu-dents were the same and that success in the classroom meant passing a standardized test. We all know that is simply not the case. No Child Left Be-hind aimed to hold teachers and admin-istrators solely responsible for the per-formance of their students, and punish-ment for low performance was rendered in the halls of the Department of Edu-cation here in Washington, DC. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:52 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.006 S14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5026 July 14, 2015 
Well, yes, I can tell you teachers and 
administrators must be held account-able, but much of that achievement gap is tied to things out of the hands of those teachers and administrators. It is tied to what happens outside the class-room. 
Students’ lives both inside the class-
room and out are significantly dif-ferent depending on their community and the home in which they live. 
One of the single biggest factors that 
impact students’ lives is poverty. If we do not address that issue, then this well-intentioned bill will not have the desired effects. If we do not recognize that urban poverty and rural poverty are very different, then we will fail to keep the promise that in America, any kid can grow up to be in the U.S. Sen-ate or be successful in business or in the arts. Quite simply, if we are going to hold teachers and students account-able without addressing the root of some of the inequities in our public schools, then we are not addressing one of the most basic problems our Nation and our schools face. 
Using a single formula to grade the 
Nation’s 100,000 schools didn’t work, es-pecially when folks in Washington ex-pected schools to change overnight. That expectation added so much pres-sure to perform that students and teachers alike dreaded going to school. We lost a lot of good teachers. 
This bill, resulting from the hard 
work of Senator A
LEXANDER and Sen-
ator M URRAY , acknowledges that Wash-
ington doesn’t have all the answers when it comes to educating our kids. It puts more control in the hands of our States and local school boards. 
For example, under No Child Left Be-
hind, all 100,000 schools in this country were subjected to the same regulation for graduation rates. Under that regu-lation, schools can only count students who graduate with a diploma in 4 years. School districts don’t get credit for students who graduate in 5 years or if they earned a GED. 
Oftentimes, students who take more 
than 4 years to graduate have personal or family issues that prevent them from graduating on time. States would have to beg for permission from the De-partment of Education to count fifth- year graduates, and if the Department chose to accept those graduates, it would tell the States how much weight those students would count toward the schools’ assessment. Under the Every Child Achieves Act, States will no longer have to apply to count fifth- year graduates and they can determine on their own how to weigh those stu-dents when assessing graduation rates. 
This bill also builds on the Schools of 
Promise Initiative that has worked well in Montana to put some of our poorest performing schools on the right path. Under the leadership of Super-intendent Juneau, the communities that are home to Montana’s five lowest rated public schools have received sup-port to attract and retain better teach-ers and to encourage community mem-bers to be more involved in the edu-
cation of our children. That model, which empowers districts and schools to get better—and hire better—is being strengthened by the Every Child Achieves Act. 
While this bill can and should go fur-
ther to place more power at the local level, we have taken a good first step in its potential to do even better. 
I recently paid a visit to Busby, MT, 
on the border of the Northern Chey-enne and Crow Indian Reservations. Beautiful country surrounded by roll-ing hills, Busby is so small that if you blink while driving, you could miss it. Busby is home to one of Montana’s three Bureau of Indian Education schools. It is easy to see how broken America’s promise to our tribal com-munities really is when one goes to Busby. The school has too few re-sources. The science teacher doesn’t have any working microscopes. The teachers often cut pages out of their instruction manuals and make photo-copies for each of their students. And the school needs maintenance. 
While the scene at many BIE schools 
would drive you to tears, the public schools that educate over 90 percent of our Native American students are also in serious need of support. Over the last decade, Native American students are the only group—they are the only group—who has not seen improvements in reading and math. In fact, the achievement gap in math has actually widened during that time. Native American students are also the most likely to skip school or drop out and the least likely to go to college. 
That is why last week the Senate 
passed my amendment to restore four grant programs that could help im-prove education in Indian Country, if they get funded. My amendment allows schools and colleges to train teachers to understand Native American culture so they are better equipped to help those Native American students suc-ceed. It preserves fellowship programs for Native American students to get greater hands-on experience through their degree. It protects gifted and tal-ented programs to better address the needs of bright young Native American students, and it maintains support for adult literacy and GED programs in Native American communities. Those title VII initiatives have never been funded, but they will have a major, positive impact on Native Americans across the country if we can find the money to fund them. Last week’s bi-partisan vote showed there is real sup-port for these initiatives, and we should provide them with adequate re-sources. 
Additionally, this bill includes strong 
steps toward improving native lan-guage instruction. It is a very good ini-tiative because we know that when In-dian kids learn in their native lan-guage, they do better in school and carry their history and tradition on to future generations, and they graduate at a higher rate. Another important step we can 
take—one that I hear about often when meeting with parents, teachers, and ad-ministrators back home—is reducing the annual Federal testing requirement because right now, under No Child Left Behind, we are testing our kids to death. As my colleagues know, a stu-dent will take 17 federally mandated tests by the time they graduate high school—17. 
I met with some fourth and sixth 
grade students, as well as their teach-ers and parents, about how much test-ing the Feds require. As my colleagues well know, fourth and sixth grade stu-dents usually tell it like it is. There is not a political agenda behind it when they ask a question or tell it the way they see it. So when I asked how much testing is the right amount, one bright young girl replied, ‘‘I don’t know, but I can tell you now it is too much.’’ A fourth grade teacher there told me they are spending over 4 weeks a year testing. That is 4 weeks out of the year. That takes away from instruc-tion time where kids could be learning. The level of testing that is currently required is choking out creativity, in-novation, and taking away from our students’ ability to learn. 
I have offered an amendment to re-
place that current annual testing with fewer tests. Instead of taking federally mandated tests every year, students would be required to take one test in elementary school, one test in middle school, and one test in high school. If States want to test their students more, they can. If school boards want to test their students more, they can. But, as the young girl in Billings said, what we are doing right now is too much. 
My goal and the goal of many in this 
body is to give a greater voice to the State and local community leaders to determine how best to educate the next generation. This bill as drafted puts us on that path. It is a chance to leave a better future for our country by mak-ing sure that every child—from the best school in the big city to the poor-est Indian reservation in Montana—has a chance to succeed. 
Our schools should not be designed as 
data warehouses where we can collect statistics on every student in America. Instead, we should be making sure our students love to learn so that they con-tinue to learn even after they graduate and enter the workforce. We should make sure they have the same appre-ciation for education my mother did. That is what we should be investing in, and that is whom we should be invest-ing for. 
I once again thank Senator A
LEX-
ANDER and Senator M URRAY for their 
work on this bill. I look forward to making this bill better through the amendment process—not worse—so that hopefully we have a good bill to vote on at the end of this week. 
I thank the Chair. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from South Carolina. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:52 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.007 S14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5027 July 14, 2015 
AMENDMENT NO . 2132 
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, I rise 
today regarding my amendment No. 2132, specifically targeting an oppor-tunity to improve education for those kids attending title I schools. This is a portability amendment. 
As we debate this Education bill, we 
must ensure our focus is in the right place. Education policy is not about protecting a bureaucracy, it should not be about empowering Washington, and it cannot be about an endless, fruitless push for some sort of one-size-fits-all type of system. This conversation must be about kids—5-year-olds and 15-year- olds—and their unlimited potential. 
I believe without question that each 
and every child has within them a res-ervoir of potential. We should make sure that the access to experiencing the fullness of their potential is avail-able to all Americans throughout this country. Too many of our Nation’s children today do not have access to quality education. They don’t have ac-cess to the education they deserve. 
Now, more than half of the students 
in our Nation’s public schools come from low-income households. This is an important point. As someone who grew up in poverty, as someone who grew up in a single-parent household, I know full well the challenges that come with poverty. Poor kids too often move a lot. By the time I was in the fifth grade, I had attended four different schools—four schools in my first 5 years of education. That is 4 different administrators, 4 different sets of teachers, 4 different funding streams— probably 40 different funding streams. So when we look at this through the eyes of a poor kid or if we look at this through the eyes of a single mother who is struggling simply to make ends meet, it seems very clear to me that providing more educational options is the right path forward for us to make sure every child everywhere experi-ences their full potential. 
Giving States the ability to provide 
portability for the title I dollars— school choice for those most in need— is the kind of reform our kids deserve. It is the kind of reform they need. I don’t care whether it is public, private, charter, virtual, home school; I don’t really care what option as long as we have all the options so that the parents find the best for their kids. 
Instead of forcing funds through red-
tape and bureaucracy, let’s have it di-rectly follow our students. We are not talking about all the school funding this amazing Nation provides—some-where around $700 billion of funding for schools. We are talking about a sliver— about 14 percent. Let that 14 percent of the Federal dollars—let those dollars be portable. Give the children in title I areas the greatest opportunity for suc-cess we know as a nation. 
We all understand and appreciate the 
fact that to achieve the American dream today, it requires a quality edu-cation. By backpacking those funds, we will help kids who are like I used to be—growing up in difficult cir-
cumstances—to look into their own fu-ture with hope, understanding that op-portunity lives and breathes every-where in America. 
We are seeing what happens when the 
majority of parents simply do not have those basic options, and we are seeing it in some challenging and stunning statistics. In 2010, there were 2.8 mil-lion high school dropouts between the ages of 16 and 24. The unemployment rate in America today is around 5.2 percent, but for those kids who dropped out, the unemployment rate is 29 per-cent, and nearly 36 percent—more than a third of those students—were not par-ticipating at all in the workforce. Taken as a whole, nearly two-thirds of all high school dropouts are simply not working. These are devastating num-bers for our Nation as a whole. No mat-ter where one lives in America, one is impacted by these statistics, and they should cause us to stand up and take notice. 
These are students who deserve bet-
ter, students who just need a little con-fidence in their abilities, and we can provide that through school choice. These kids, trapped in failing schools and underperforming schools, deserve an opportunity. It is simply not fair to our children, it is not fair to their par-ents, and it is not fair to America to allow the status quo to remain. 
I know there is no silver bullet, but 
school choice is a large step—a leap—in the right direction. That is one of the reasons why I launched my Oppor-tunity Agenda with school choice, the CHOICE Act, as a part of the founda-tion. That is why I am standing here today discussing—pleading with my colleagues to take a serious look at the educational opportunities available in some of the poorest ZIP Codes in Amer-ica. 
I think it is important to note that 
my amendment complements a grow-ing body of evidence where we see 57 school choice programs in 29 States—57 school choice programs in 29 States— not in the South primarily, but in the South, yes; the Southwest, yes; the Northeast, absolutely; and the Mid-west, yes. Local and State leaders are figuring out that when parents have a choice, kids have a chance. 
Let me be crystal clear. It is abso-
lutely paramount that we act and that we act now. I know opponents of school choice want to use ‘‘voucher’’ as a dirty word. I understand the tactics of those who do not support giving every child a quality opportunity. I under-stand. But they forget that the Federal Government already authorizes vouch-ers for education. We just call them Pell grants. Too often too many of our poor kids and our kids of color never receive a Pell grant because their high schools did not prepare them for col-lege. 
Now we know there are quality pub-
lic schools all over this country, and we should celebrate the success of our quality public schools. I am a big fan of our public schools when they work, but 
I am a bigger fan of removing the po-tential traps to our kids in underper-forming schools. 
We can make a difference, we should 
make a difference, and this amendment provides us the opportunity to make that difference today. We don’t have to wait until tomorrow. We don’t have to wait until next year. We can do it today. You see, this Senator took a Pell grant to Charleston Southern Uni-versity, probably the greatest univer-sity in the history of the country. Charleston Southern University, a pri-vate university, is where I took my Pell grant and experienced a wonderful education. 
Faith and hope are two of the most 
powerful and necessary emotions. They oftentimes serve as the glue to better opportunity. We can restore those two powerful emotions in areas where kids too often are losing hope. This Senator knows that personally. This Senator has seen it happen personally in his own life. That is the power of school choice. 
All of our kids—yes, all of our kids— 
have amazing potential. I believe there are good people on the other side of this argument. I know the other side believes school choice, as I am describ-ing it, is wrong. I believe they have good intentions. This Senator is speak-ing from personal experience. This Sen-ator is speaking from the statistical re-alities that we see across this country. This Senator is speaking on behalf of those kids who have been trapped too long, locked out too often, and said no to too many times. It is up to us as pol-icymakers to create an environment where we unlock their potential. 
I hope we will continue to have a ro-
bust debate, leaving politics behind and figuring out how to improve edu-cational opportunities for all of our children. 
Thank you, Mr. President. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. 
AMERICAN WORKERS AND OVERTIME PAY  
Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, Amer-
ican workers have fought long and hard to improve their lot—banning child labor, better safety on the job, min-imum wage, and an 8-hour workday. Unions often led these fights, but their efforts also helped tens of millions of workers who often had no union rep-resentation. 
In 1868, Congress passed its first 8- 
hour workday law, and by 1975 rules protecting the 8-hour workday covered about 65 percent of all workers. Of course, those workers might work longer—might be required to work longer—but if they did, they got time and a half for their extra hours. Man-agers were exempt from those rules, but they were paid more to offset the lost overtime. 
To be sure, American workers did 
their part too. Year over year, decade over decade, workers increased output so that today American workers are among the most productive in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:52 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.009 S14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5028 July 14, 2015 
world. The basic 8-hour day, with over-
time for extra hours, was a godsend to families, and, in a larger sense, it was a core part of the deal that American workers could count on. From the 1930s through the 1970s, as American work-ers’ productivity increased, GDP went up and so did wages for the average worker. In other words, as companies got richer, their workers got richer too. This was the America that built the great middle class, the America that created opportunity and protected that opportunity for nearly two-thirds of all workers. 
But over time, that basic deal quietly 
vanished because we haven’t meaning-fully updated these rules since the 1970s. Instead of two-thirds of the workforce being protected, today only 8 percent of all salaried workers are covered. That means that only the low-est paid workers, workers whose sala-ries are so low that they are below the poverty line for a family of four, are le-gally entitled to be paid anything for their overtime. Today, a fast-food worker or a janitor or a grocery store clerk making a little over $23,000 can be classified as a manager and be re-quired to work 10, 12, 14 hours a day, 5, 6 or 7 days a week, with no overtime pay of any kind. 
Today, the productivity of American 
workers continues to rise, but the gains go to Wall Street and to CEOs and are no longer shared with the peo-ple doing much of the back-breaking work to make it all happen. That is a broken system. 
Two weeks ago, the President an-
nounced he is going to fix these broken overtime rules. The administration’s new proposal would raise the salary threshold under which a worker is guaranteed overtime pay to just over $50,000, more than double the current threshold and roughly back to the 1975 level, when both corporations and workers benefited from a growing econ-omy. 
This matters. According to the White 
House, nearly 5 million Americans—in-cluding over 100,000 people in Massa-chusetts alone—will get a raise. They estimate that workers will see an addi-tional $1.4 billion in wages in just the first year alone. 
But make no mistake, it will be a 
fight. Some businesses are used to get-ting an extra 5, 10, 20 hours for free from their employees—and they are just fine keeping the rules just the way they are. They will claim that fixing overtime will hurt businesses. Well, don’t believe it. History shows that in-creases in overtime pay are actually good for the economy. 
Employers usually respond to in-
creases in the overtime threshold in one of three ways. Some will actually pay existing employees overtime for the extra work. Others will avoid over-time costs by hiring more workers to get the job done, and some will in-crease the hours of part-time workers. That is what we are likely to get: high-er wages, more jobs or more hours for part-time workers. Even the National 
Retail Federation, which has lobbied hard against fixing the overtime rules, admits this proposal will add tens of thousands of jobs to this economy. We need those jobs. 
But this issue is about more than 
jobs. This issue is also about fairness. If a worker puts in more time and pro-duces more for the company, the work-er should get a chance to share in its benefit. No more free work. Economic growth over the past three decades has been built on the backs of hard-work-ing people, and it is time those hard- working people get a little bit more of all they have produced. 
Fixing our outdated overtime rules 
will not end inequality. It is time to raise the minimum wage. Women should get equal pay for equal work. Workers deserve paid sick leave and paid family leave. Social Security should be expanded. But this is an im-portant step forward, a vital piece of the puzzle that will increase wages, in-crease hours, and increase employment for millions of Americans, and it is a step that will show that the govern-ment can be made to help working peo-ple. There are plenty of examples of Washington writing rules that favor the rich and the powerful, but this time we have an overtime rule that will give working families a fighting chance to build some security for themselves. The President has pro-posed a new rule to benefit working families, and the rest of us are here today ready to fight for that rule. 
Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, we 
are continuing our discussion of legis-lation to fix No Child Left Behind. We are still hopeful that we may have an agreement that we will have one or two votes before lunch. 
I remind Senators that because of 
their cooperation we have done pretty well. We have adopted 29 amendments in committee, 22 already on the floor. Senator M
URRAY and I have a large 
number of other amendments that we are prepared to recommend to the full Senate be adopted by consent. We have about two dozen amendments which we would like to have a vote on today and tomorrow. So the sooner we can move to those, the better, which will take some cooperation from all Senators. 
Senator T
ESTER , the Senator from 
Montana, was here earlier. I thank him for his comments. He is a former school board member. He recognizes that the idea that we want to restore responsi-bility for student achievement to local school boards, to classroom teachers, to States, to chief State school officers is not just a Republican idea, it is a bi-partisan consensus. We agree. We want to know whether the children are learning, but we want to restore to the States the decisions about what to do about the results of the tests the stu-dents take. As the New York Principal of the 
Year wrote to us, wrote to our com-mittee: We cherish our children, too. What she was saying was just because we fly to Washington once a week doesn’t make us any more caring or any wiser about how to deal with 50 million children in 100,000 public schools from Native villages in Alaska to the mountains of Tennessee. In fact, we are less able to deal with that be-cause we are further removed from those students. 
The Senator from South Carolina, 
Mr. S
COTT, made that point eloquently. 
He said school choice is not a political slogan, school choice is an option, and we should look at it from the point of view of someone who is low-income or someone who is growing up in a home with a single parent, which he did. He talked from his own perspective. We shouldn’t look down, we should be looking up. Look up at opportunity. Look up to the point of view of a single parent with less income and one or more children who is thinking: How can I help my children rise? How can they look up? Probably the one thing that almost all of us would agree on is, the better the educational opportunity is, the more chance that child has to climb the ladder. 
If you have money in your family, 
you have those choices. You may move to a different part of town or you may choose a private school if you have the money. If you don’t have the money, you don’t have the choices. So what Senator S
COTT proposes to do is to take 
$14 billion of Federal funding and allow States—this is not a mandate on the State; this will be up to the State—to say that money can follow the low-in-come child to the school the child’s parent wants that child to attend, pub-lic or private. 
There is often a lot of talk about 
what is the proper Federal role for edu-cation. Some people don’t think there is any. I was in that camp and probably still would be if I were the king. I re-member going to see President Reagan in the early 1980s and suggesting that the Federal Government get com-pletely out of elementary and sec-ondary education and let the States do it all. In exchange, the Federal Govern-ment would take all of Medicaid. That would have been a good swap for the States, and it would have been good for education. But that is not where we are as a country today. 
But if someone were to say what is 
the single reason why the Federal Gov-ernment ought to have something to do with education, one answer would be to prevent discrimination, and another answer would be to help low-income children. 
What is the best way to help the low- 
income child? This is what the Senator from South Carolina is saying: Why don’t we take the money we have avail-able, and let it follow that child to the school that the child’s parent thinks is best? That is what we allow the wealthier parent to do. Why don’t we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:52 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.010 S14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5029 July 14, 2015 
do it for the child? Why do we send it 
through bureaucracies and let other people make that decision? Why do we look down when, instead, we should be looking up? 
As he also pointed out, it is not such 
an alien thought—this idea of letting money follow a student to a school. He pointed out that since 1944, with the GI bill for veterans, we have had great success in this country with allowing Federal dollars to follow students to the college of their choice. 
In fact, the GI bill for veterans is 
often described as the most successful social piece of legislation in our coun-try’s history. It helped to create the ‘‘greatest generation.’’ It said you could take your Pell grant or your stu-dent loan to Notre Dame, to the Uni-versity of Arizona, to Maryville Col-lege in Tennessee or you can go to Ye-shiva, you can go to Howard Univer-sity. That is your choice. Public, for- profit or nonprofit, you go. If it is ac-credited, that is your choice. 
We also have vouchers, and that is a 
voucher at the other end of the scale. We have something called the child care and development block grant. It is a very big Federal program, maybe $8 billion. It says to low-income moth-ers—mainly mothers—that here is a voucher that you could spend at a daycare center while you work or while you go to school so that you can earn enough money so that you won’t have to have a government voucher any-more. 
So we have vouchers for parents with 
3-, 4-, 5-, and 6-year olds. We have vouchers for students who are 18, 19, and 21 years olds, and somehow we think there is something wrong with having vouchers for elementary and high school students. That line is changing all the time. 
I was in Jackson, TN, recently, and 
the president of Jackson State Commu-nity College told me that 30 percent of the students at Jackson State Commu-nity College are also in high school. We call that dual enrollment. That means that while you are a junior or a senior in high school, you might be taking physics, mathematics or some program at the community college or some ap-prenticeship there that might better prepare you for a job. 
At Walters State Community College 
in Morristown, TN, I spoke at the grad-uation this year. A student there was graduating from Jefferson County High School and Walters State Community College in the same week. That student was going on to Purdue University, but he was going to enter Purdue at the second semester of his sophomore year. In other words, because he had been in both community college and in high school, he was able to save, he said, $65,000 by enrolling in the second se-mester of the sophomore year. 
So we have a voucher to help him 
pay, if he is low income, to go to Wal-ters State Community College, but somehow there is something wrong with a voucher to allow him to choose among the public high schools he at-
tends. That doesn’t make a lot of sense based on our history. It would be rare that we have a social experiment or a social legislation offered in our coun-try where we have these two good pilot programs: the GI bill for veterans, op-erating since 1944, and the child care and development block grant, oper-ating since the first President Bush was in office and which was reauthor-ized just last year by Congress. 
We all vote for Pell grant vouchers. 
We all vote for child care and develop-ment block grant vouchers, and then we have a big argument when it comes time to talk about vouchers for ele-mentary and secondary education. I think a way to resolve that is to take Senator S
COTT’s advice. Instead of 
looking down on the students, let’s look up. Let’s look up from the per-spective of Senator S
COTT—the Senator 
from South Carolina—when he was a child, when he was growing up in a home without much money, with a sin-gle parent, with limited educational options. 
He knows the value and option that a 
Pell grant gave him for college. He would like to extend that option to ele-mentary and secondary education for students who grow up as he grew up, and I would like to do that as well. We have an opportunity to do that by vot-ing for his amendment when it comes time for a vote on this bill. I intend to vote yes, and I hope my colleagues will too. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
F
LAKE ). The clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to set aside the pending amendment and call up Casey amendment No. 2152, the Strong Start for America’s Children Act, an amend-ment to the Every Child Achieves Act, which will establish a Federal-State partnership to provide access to high- quality public prekindergarten edu-cation for low- and moderate-income families. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent, as well, to add Senators T
ESTER , 
REEDof Rhode Island, K LOBUCHAR , and 
MERKLEY as cosponsors. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection to adding the cosponsors? 
Mr. ALEXANDER. No objection. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection to setting aside the pending amendment? 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, re-
serving the right to object, this is a very important amendment that was thoroughly discussed in the education committee when we considered this legislation. Both Senator M
URRAY and I believe 
it should be offered on the floor and that Senators should have a chance to vote on it. 
The trouble is that the Finance Com-
mittee objects to the way it is paid for. And in a moment, on behalf of the chairman, Senator H
ATCH , the Senator 
from Utah, I will have to object. 
But my hope would be that the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania, who is a mem-ber of that committee, could work with the chairman and the ranking member to come up with a different way of pay-ing for the bill so that Senators would have a chance to vote on this impor-tant amendment today or tomorrow. 
So I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, by way of 
response, I understand what my col-league from Tennessee just mentioned as it relates to the objection to the so- called pay-for. I don’t agree, obviously, for a couple of reasons. 
No. 1 is I would hope that corpora-
tions that get the benefit of retaining a lot of operations in the United States and then seek to avoid taxes by so- called inversion would understand, I believe, the duty they have to this country. They benefit from our work-ers, our infrastructure. They benefit in so many ways. I would hope those com-panies would understand and Senators here would agree with the notion that they should undertake the duty to pay their fair share. I understand there is a debate about that. I understand there is an objection, but I would hope at some point we can get to the resolution of this basic question: Are we going to require companies to do more if they seek to engage in a tax-avoidance scheme by a so-called inversion? 
But I respect what my colleague said, 
and we will try to move forward con-structively. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
have nothing more. 
Mr. CASEY. I yield to my colleague 
from New York. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New York. 
Mr. SCHUMER. Thank you. Mr. President, first I commend my 
friend and colleague from Pennsyl-vania, Senator C
ASEY , for his amend-
ment, and I appreciate the discussion between him and the chair of the com-mittee. 
I think that getting rid of these in-
versions is very important. I am sur-prised people on the other side don’t want to do it, but so be it. Funding this program is the most important way, and if we could come up with a bipar-tisan way to get the funding, that will help educate millions of America’s young children, and that is why I sup-port this amendment so strongly. 
Educating our children is not a 
sprint, it is a marathon. No one just gets up one day and decides to run a marathon. They plan, they train, and they eat right. We can avoid the most common problems if we start our kids 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:52 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.012 S14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5030 July 14, 2015 
out early with the right training, not 
just for some but for every student. 
The research has shown that children 
who attend high-quality preschool pro-grams are more likely to be prepared for school and graduate on time. They get better jobs. They are less likely to wind up in the criminal justice system or to rely on our social safety net. All too often in this body we do what many groups, corporations, and others in America do, we are unwilling to think of the long term. We may be spending a dollar today on this program, but we are going to save tens of dollars for each dollar we spend over the long run. All the studies show it. So having qual-ity pre-K programs for kids who need it is a great investment in America. Yet millions of middle-class and low-in-come children don’t have access to these programs that would provide an immense benefit to them and our coun-try. 
In short, pre-K should not be a luxury 
for the wealthy. Every child, no matter where they live or how much money their parents make, should be able to start their education in pre-K. It is not only for the good of them and their families but for the good of America. Senator C
ASEY ’s amendment helps us 
get there by helping States fund high- quality prekindergarten for 4-year-olds from low- and moderate-income fami-lies. It specifies that all preschools be inclusive of children with disabilities and addresses the need for increased funding to support their needs. 
As I said, there is nothing wrong with 
doing inversions. Getting rid of them is the right thing to do, but if there is an-other way to go, I am certainly open to it, and I know Senator C
ASEY , our lead-
er on this amendment, is too. 
By the way, we will see where the 
pay-for is. It is the kind of win-win that everyone can get behind, and so I hope my colleagues will come together and fully pay for this. If we can’t do it with inversions, which I think is right—and I believe most Americans would think closing the inversion loop-hole is right—let’s find something else. 
In New York, there are cities and 
communities that are already making the investment to ensure access to pre- K for their children. It is working. But at a time when budgets are tight, they shouldn’t have to do it alone. Under this amendment, New York will receive the support it needs to serve an addi-tional 137,000 kids over 5 years. States across the country would be able to help a similar number of their school-children, all without costing the Fed-eral Government a single plug nickel. 
As we debate how to best ensure stu-
dents graduate ready for college or ca-reers, we are doing a disservice if we ig-nore the need to invest in early edu-cation. 
I thank my friend Senator C
ASEY for 
offering this amendment. I urge my colleagues to vote on it in the original form. Stand up against these inver-sions, but if that vote fails, to have a different proposal would be a good thing to do, although I think we should 
have a vote on this particular amend-ment first. 
Mr. President, I would like to speak 
for a moment, with the indulgence of my colleagues, on the title I cuts and the amendment Senator B
URR has of-
fered with respect to title I funding, which of course provides assistance to low-income districts and schools that educate a high number of low-income children. 
We cannot forget that title I is the 
largest source of Federal education funding and applies to a wide swath of school districts and includes many sub-urban and middle-class communities as well as school districts in our cities where poverty is concentrated. You might say: Well, this only affects the poor. It doesn’t. If a school is going to lose its title I funding, they may have to do it and spend the money on their own and take away from science or afterschool programs or sports or something else. It affects everybody. Even though title I, since the days of Lyndon Johnson, was aimed at poor kids, it is going to hurt everybody if we make the kind of drastic cuts in so many school districts that the Senator from North Carolina has proposed. 
What Senator B
URR’s amendment 
would do would not increase funding, which is what we usually do around here when we want to try to change formulas, as we should. He simply robs Peter to pay Paul. He takes away money from a needy school in one State to give to a needy school in an-other State. 
According to the Congressional Re-
search Service, over 9,600 school dis-tricts across the country will lose title I funding under this amendment. These schools count on title I funds year in, year out. They budget for it, and with-out the funding, they could be forced to lay off teachers, cut afterschool pro-grams, and make other dramatic cuts. So it is no answer. Redistributing a limited pie is no way to make Federal policy. 
One of my disappointments with this 
bill is that every American supports in-creased funding in education, particu-larly in things like title I. The bill doesn’t do it. 
At a time when America is com-
peting against China, Japan, Europe, and the world, we are saying we shouldn’t help with education, which is the ladder up for so many millions of American families, but we are not. But then to say, while keeping the funding flat, we should take huge amounts of money—$300 million from my State— and give it to other States to help the poor, when in fact it doesn’t even re-quire that that money goes to the needy, that doesn’t make much sense, in my opinion, and that is not the way to legislate. 
We should have a real conversation 
about our Federal investment in edu-cation, one that recognizes that all of our school districts with low-income student populations would benefit from additional resources, one in which my 
colleagues across the aisle are fond of saying, in a different context, we are not picking winners and losers. I think we would agree that all of our low-in-come school districts need and deserve extra help. 
In conclusion, education is the cor-
nerstone of the American dream. We have to keep that American dream alive, and there is no better way than in funding education. I know my col-leagues believe that. 
I hope everyone will join us across 
the aisle in opposing Senator B
URR’s 
amendment to change the title I for-mula without increased Federal sup-port for our schools. 
With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
thank the Senator from New York for his remarks. I know how passionately he feels about the amendment by the Senator from North Carolina. He has made that clear to me on more than one occasion, and my hope is that the Senator from New York and the Sen-ator from North Carolina will have a successful resolution of that difference of opinion in the next day or two. I know Senator M
URRAY and I will be 
glad to work with them to try to do that, but I hear him loud and clear, and I appreciate him coming to the floor and making those statements. 
Mr. SCHUMER. If the Senator will 
yield. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New York. 
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I 
thank my colleague from Tennessee, and I know how much he cares about both this bill and education. I look for-ward to making this bill as good a bill as we possibly can make it, and so I am always open to any suggestion he might make. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New York. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
thank the Senator from New York. He has not been on the floor in the past at the beginning of the day when I thanked both the majority leader and Democratic leader for their attitude toward this bill. While it is probably not noticed by people around the coun-try, it is noticed here. 
The Democratic leader and the 
Democratic leadership, which the Sen-ator from New York is a part of, al-lowed this bill to come to the floor without any delay. We have had a chance to offer and consider a lot of amendments. We have already consid-ered and adopted 22 on the floor. 
Senator M
URRAY and I have several 
dozen or more that we will recommend to the full Senate to be adopted, and we have about two dozen other amend-ments that we would like to begin vot-ing on soon. We seem to be moving along. Senators are cooperating. 
There have been some developments 
this morning that are encouraging, and I hope to be able, within the next few 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:52 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.014 S14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5031 July 14, 2015 
minutes, to announce that we will have 
a few votes—one to four votes—before lunch and that we will have more votes at 4 p.m., but I am not able to make that agreement yet. For the informa-tion of Senators, that is our hope. Then, tomorrow, if we continue on this path, we will have a large number of votes. 
I thank the Senators for their co-
operation. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I have 
just a point of clarification. I may have said amendment No. 215-something, it is amendment No. 2152. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Louisiana. 
Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I rise 
again in support of my sanctuary cities amendment and to urge us to come to-gether around sensible legislation that will stop jurisdictions around the coun-try from opposing and not following what is already Federal law. 
As the Presiding Officer knows, Fed-
eral law is very clear. It says deporta-tion and immigration enforcement is a Federal responsibility, but local law enforcement authorities need to prop-erly cooperate with Federal authorities regarding that. It doesn’t mean they need to take it over or take on huge burdens or unfunded mandates. It does mean they need to properly cooperate with Federal authorities. 
Well, for several years, as the Pre-
siding Officer knows, there have been hundreds, if not thousands, of so-called sanctuary cities in other jurisdictions around the country that have a formal policy that is completely at odds with that. These policies in various jurisdic-tions, such as the city of San Fran-cisco, say straight out: We are not going to cooperate in any meaningful way with Federal immigration enforce-ment. I think that is flatout ridiculous, and tragically it leads to dangerous sit-uations and horrible results. We saw one of those dangerous situations and horrible results just in the last few weeks with the murder of a completely innocent woman in San Francisco by an illegal alien who had been convicted of felonies seven times, deported five times, and released onto the streets of San Francisco, in part, because of San Francisco’s sanctuary city policy. 
This absurdness—political correct-
ness gone haywire—is to the detriment and danger of American citizens, and it has to end. That is why several years ago I brought legislation to the Senate, beginning in 2009, to put teeth in what is already Federal law. My legislation will ensure that there are consequences when jurisdictions, such as San Fran-cisco, don’t properly cooperate with Federal authorities over immigration enforcement. Unfortunately, that has been blocked and blocked and blocked in the Senate. 
I brought the same proposal as an 
amendment to the education bill that is on the floor now to revisit this issue and to urge us to come together around 
sound, sensible policy that ends sanc-tuary cities flaunting Federal law and creating very dangerous situations. I urge my colleagues to come around to a commonsense solution to that. 
I have fully cooperated with Senator 
A
LEXANDER , who has been the floor 
leader on this important education bill. As part of that, I agreed not to demand a vote on that amendment on the floor this week if our Judiciary Committee, the appropriate committee of jurisdic-tion, takes up the issue in a timely way—we reached that agreement yes-terday with Senator G
RASSLEY , the 
chair of the Judiciary Committee—and that a Vitter bill on this topic would be taken up appropriately at a markup of 
the Judiciary Committee this work pe-riod. 
Well, that is certainly progress, and 
so let’s use this opportunity to make real progress and end sanctuary cities flaunting Federal law and not properly cooperating with immigration enforce-ment. Let’s come together around a strong, meaningful bill that doesn’t allow that, that puts consequences and teeth in present Federal law that says local law enforcement has to properly cooperate with Federal immigration enforcement. 
I very much look forward to doing 
that in the Judiciary Committee—the committee of jurisdiction—thanks to the work of Senator A
LEXANDER and 
the agreement of Senator G RASSLEY to 
take up this measure to work with me and have a markup this work period. 
I very much look forward to that 
being a very constructive path forward. If for any reason it is not, I will cer-tainly be back. I will certainly be back directly on the floor in the context of the highway bill or some other signifi-cant piece of legislation because we can’t allow this ridiculous political correctness to continue to create truly dangerous situations in communities all over the country. 
Federal law requires local law en-
forcement to properly cooperate with Federal immigration enforcement. The problem is there are no teeth in that law, and that law is ignored and flaunt-ed all the time by many jurisdictions which advertise and brag about their so-called sanctuary city policy and they will not cooperate with Federal immigration enforcement in any way. Really? A seven-time convicted felon, 
five times deported from the country. And once he was back in, still released onto the streets of San Francisco to commit murder? Really? That is really going to be your policy? If it is, is it really going to be our response that we do absolutely nothing about it? 
I urge appropriate action. I urge us 
to come together around commonsense change and reform to end this all-too- pervasive practice. I look forward to starting that very constructive path forward in the Judiciary Committee with the markup of the Vitter bill, and I am already working with Senator G
RASSLEY and his staff in this work pe-
riod. I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
wish to say to the Senator of Louisiana two things: 
First, I understand his passion on 
this issue. I have heard him speak about it. He talked to us last week about how best to express that on the Senate floor. There are a number of Senators who share his view on that. He is a member of the Judiciary Com-mittee. We will have an opportunity to deal with it when the committee does work next week. 
Second, I would like to say to him 
through the Chair that I greatly appre-ciate the way he has handled this. He not only gave us advance notice of his interest in this amendment last week, he has worked in the Judiciary Com-mittee to find a way to move ahead on his interest without interfering with the progress of our bill to fix No Child Left Behind. I am not surprised by that because he has made a major contribu-tion to the bill to fix No Child Left Be-hind. Specifically, we have adopted his language or some of his language that would end the common core mandate and stop Washington, DC, from telling Louisiana, Arizona, Tennessee, and Washington State what their academic standards have to be. If a State wants to have an academic standard, it can have it; if it doesn’t want it, it doesn’t have to have that particular standard. 
The fact that the Senator has been 
willing to say that this is a very impor-tant issue and that he will work with Senator G
RASSLEY in the Judiciary 
Committee and pursue it there leaves us free to move ahead on fixing No Child Left Behind, which is important to his State as well as to all other States. I greatly appreciate the way he has handled that and thank him for doing that. 
We are still hoping to consider three 
or four amendments and perhaps have one rollcall vote before lunch, but we will know more about that in the next few minutes. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, as we 
continue to debate this bipartisan bill to fix the badly broken No Child Left Behind law, I want to take a step back to lay out why this is so important. 
First of all, the idea of a strong pub-
lic education for all children is part of who we are as a nation. It is sewn into the fabric of America. 
Providing quality education is also 
an economic imperative. When all of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:36 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.015 S14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5032 July 14, 2015 
our students have the chance to learn, 
we strengthen our future workforce, and that helps our country grow stronger. And we empower the next generation of Americans to lead the world. Education is like insurance for our Nation’s future economic competi-tiveness in the years to come. It opens more opportunities for more students, and it helps our economy grow from the middle out, not the top down. 
One of the best ways I believe we can 
strengthen our education system is by making sure more students start kin-dergarten ready to learn. As we work to fix No Child Left Behind, we also have the opportunity to expand access to high-quality early childhood edu-cation and set students on a path to-ward success. 
I am very proud of the bipartisan 
early learning grants we secured in the base of this bill. I think we should con-tinue to build on that bipartisan progress to make sure more students have access to high-quality early learn-ing programs. That is exactly what Senator C
ASEY ’s amendment would do. 
I urge my colleagues to support it. 
First of all, it is important to under-
stand why early learning is essential. Learning begins at birth. Research sug-gests that before children set foot in kindergarten, they have already devel-oped a foundation that will determine all of the learning, health, and behav-ior that follows. Early learning pro-grams can strengthen that foundation so more students can start their K–12 education on strong footing. 
Preschool programs can be especially 
important for students from low-in-come backgrounds. A child growing up in poverty will hear 30 million fewer words by her third birthday compared to a child from a more affluent family. That is a serious disadvantage. By the time she starts kindergarten, the deck will already be stacked against her and her future success. 
Studies have confirmed both the 
short-term and long-term benefits of quality early learning. Children who attend preschool are less likely to re-peat a grade. They are less likely to be placed in special education. They are less likely to drop out of school, depend on social safety net programs, or com-mit a crime. And they are more likely to go to college and earn higher wages. Research suggests we get back between $7 and $8 for every dollar we invest in high-quality preschool programs. 
Simply put, early learning is one of 
the smartest investments we can make for our families, our children, and our country. But today just 14 percent of our 3-year-olds in America are enrolled in Federal- or State-funded preschool programs and 41 percent of 4-year-olds are enrolled. 
If we are serious about closing edu-
cation gaps in grades K through 12 and if we are truly committed to making 
sure all students have the chance to succeed, we have to invest in quality early education. 
I was pleased that during the com-
mittee debate on this bill, we were able to pass a bipartisan amendment for 
early childhood education. I thank my colleague Senator I
SAKSON for working 
with me to include that in the com-mittee markup. Throughout this proc-ess, I have appreciated the way he has worked with me on a bipartisan basis to improve the legislation before us. 
Our amendment, which is now part of 
the base bill we are considering, would create a grant program for States that want to improve early childhood edu-cation coordination, quality, and ac-cess. The program would target re-sources to low- and moderate-income families. States that want to serve children from birth to the time they enter kindergarten will be eligible. It will help support the work that States like my home State of Washington are already doing to make sure more of our youngest learners have access to pre-school. These grants will help States improve the quality of their early childhood system and also expand ac-cess to high-quality early learning op-portunities for more children. 
While I am very proud of what we 
have achieved in this base bill on our early childhood education, this is not the last step we need to take to im-prove and expand access to high-qual-ity preschool. The grants are a step in the right direction, but we need to sig-nificantly increase investments to en-sure that every child in this country starts kindergarten ready to succeed. 
My colleague, the senior Senator 
from Pennsylvania, offered an amend-ment that would expand access to high- quality preschool programs. It would provide Federal funding to every State that commits to improve access to high-quality learning opportunities for all of our low- and moderate-income 4- year-olds. For the States that already meet that goal, it will help them offer preschool to 3-year-olds. This amend-ment would support States that don’t yet have the infrastructure needed to provide preschool to all low- and mod-erate-income kids. With preschool de-velopment grants, these States will be able to build up their early learning systems. This amendment also provides funding for early Head Start and childcare partnerships to improve the quality of childcare for infants and tod-dlers through age 3 and provide funding for early learning services for young children with disabilities. Finally, his amendment recognizes the importance of the Maternal, Infant, and Early Childhood Home Visiting Program, which I helped to create to deliver vol-untary parent education and family support services to parents with young children. 
I am glad to say this amendment will 
be fully paid for by closing a wasteful corporate tax loophole. Our Tax Code is riddled with a lot of wasteful loopholes and special interest carve-outs. Far too many of these tax breaks are skewed to benefit the wealthiest Americans and biggest corporations. 
Today some of my Republican col-
leagues objected to bringing up his amendment solely because it would 
close one of those corporate tax loop-holes. It is disappointing that they are choosing the biggest corporations over our youngest learners. 
I urge our Senate to consider this 
amendment. I support it because I be-lieve investing in our youngest learn-ers is so important for our children and their families, and it is one of the smartest investments we can make so students can start kindergarten ready to learn and succeed later in life. 
I don’t believe this is a partisan 
issue. When I talk to sheriffs in my State, they tell me the young people they bring into the police station might have chosen a better path in life had they had a stronger start in school. That is why law enforcement officials across the country want Congress to expand early learning. 
Military leaders have stressed the 
importance of early learning invest-ments. In fact, at a Senate hearing last year, Air Force Brig. Gen. Douglas Pierce, Retired, said: ‘‘How we prepare our youngest kids to learn and succeed has a profound impact on our military readiness.’’ 
Business leaders have called on Con-
gress to support preschool programs. Why? Because they need the students of today to be able to create and take on the jobs of the 21st-century global economy. 
Lawmakers from red States and blue 
States alike see early learning as a wise investment. Alabama, Kansas, Michigan—States with Republican Governors and Republican-controlled legislatures—have recently made stronger investments in early learning. 
It is now time that the U.S. Senate 
catch up with what State lawmakers, business leaders, law enforcement offi-cials, and military leaders recognize. We need to invest in early childhood education so all of our students can start school ready to learn. 
The importance of early childhood 
education is something I have wit-nessed firsthand. Before I ever thought about running for office, I taught pre-school in a small community in my home State of Washington. I remember that the first day with new students would always start the same way: Some kids would not even know how to hold a pencil or turn a page in a book. But over the first few months, they catch up; they learn how. They learned how to listen at story time. They learned how to line up for recess. By the time they left for kindergarten, they had basic skills so they could tackle a full curriculum in school. I have seen the kind of transformation early learning can inspire in a child. 
If we are serious about strengthening 
our education system, we have to make sure more children have the chance to get a strong start in preschool. In reau-thorizing this Education bill, we have the chance to help more students start kindergarten ready to learn. 
With the amendment Senator C
ASEY  
offers, we have the opportunity to set 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:52 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.016 S14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5033 July 14, 2015 
kids on the path toward success not 
just in grade school but into adulthood. We have the chance to fortify our eco-nomic competitiveness for years to come. 
I urge my colleagues to support his 
amendment, to support this bill that already contains bipartisan early learning grants, and then take a step further and support the Casey amend-ment. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
would say to the Senator that we are hoping to be able to lock in some amendments, but we are not quite ready yet. So what I might do is ask him to yield during his speech so that we can do that. I would say to the Sen-ator through the Chair that we look forward to his remarks. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Hawaii. 
Mr. SCHATZ. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
AMERICAN WORKERS AND OVERTIME PAY  
Mr. SCHATZ. Mr. President, I want 
to join my colleagues in voicing my support for President Obama’s proposal to extend overtime benefits to nearly 5 million people across the country. These new rules will significantly en-hance family budgets and add over $1.2 billion nationwide to workers’ pockets. Once implemented, the proposal would more than double the salary threshold for overtime eligibility from the cur-rent level of $455 per week to $970 a week next year. That means employees earning an annual salary of around $50,000 or less will automatically be-come eligible for overtime pay. Today, the annual salary threshold for earning overtime pay is around $24,000. That is well below the poverty level for a fam-ily of four, particularly so for families in Hawaii. 
The overtime salary threshold is long 
overdue for an update. Since 1975, it has been updated only once. Forty years ago, nearly two in three employ-ees benefited from overtime pay—two in three. Today, it is one in nine. 
I appreciate the priority this admin-
istration and especially Secretary Perez have placed on work and family issues, policies that directly impact the lives of average Americans. 
According to the Department of 
Labor, approximately 20,000 workers in Hawaii would become eligible for over-time pay with this rule change. 
By increasing the overtime salary 
threshold, current employees would be able to earn more money and employ-ers could hire more workers, creating more jobs for our economy. 
Housing, transportation, and food 
costs in Hawaii have made Hawaii one of the most expensive places to live in the country. The high cost of living re-quires a large percentage of people in Hawaii to work more than one job. The new overtime rules could allow work-
ers to make a liveable wage with one job. If a worker is able to live without a need for a second or third job, it cre-ates more employment opportunities for individuals struggling with unem-ployment or underemployment to find work. 
The potential change in overtime 
rules can offer more than financial benefit to Americans. If a business does not want to pay overtime, the employ-ees’ hours would be limited to 40 hours a week. Since they are salaried and not paid by the hour, they would have more time off with no loss of pay. This would allow individuals to better bal-ance their work and family obligations and give them the opportunity to spend more time with their family, a chance to volunteer in their community, or perhaps further their education. 
The new rules will be subject to a 60- 
day public comment period. I encour-age my constituents from Hawaii to let their voice be heard. 
This change in overtime rules is ap-
propriate and will help to lift our na-tional and state economy, offer fami-lies more choices, and foster greater fairness in the workplace. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. For the informa-
tion of Senators, I am about to ask for unanimous consent—which I expect to receive—to have two rollcall votes and two voice votes before lunch. So I now will do that. 
I ask unanimous consent that at 12:10 
p.m. the Senate vote in relation to the following amendments: Scott No. 2132, Booker No. 2169, Portman No. 2137, Bennet No. 2159; further, that at 4 p.m. today the Senate vote in relation to the following amendments: Isakson No. 2194, Bennet No. 2210, Lee No. 2162, and Franken No. 2093; with no second-de-gree amendments in order to any of the amendments prior to the votes; that there be 2 minutes equally divided prior to each vote, with 4 minutes prior to the vote on the Franken amend-ment, and that all after the first vote be 10-minute votes; that the Scott and Franken amendments be subject to a 60-affirmative-vote threshold for adop-tion and that it be in order to call up any amendments in the list not cur-rently pending. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENTS NOS . 2169, 2159, AND 2210 TO  
AMENDMENT NO . 2089 
Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, I ask to 
set aside the pending amendment and call up the following amendments en bloc: on behalf of Senator B
OOKER , 
amendment No. 2169; Bennet amend-ment No. 2159; and Bennet amendment 
No. 2210. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the amendments by number. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Colorado [Mr. B ENNET ] 
proposes amendments numbered 2169, 2159, and 2210 to amendment No. 2089. 
The amendments are as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 2169 
(Purpose: To require a State’s report card to 
include information on the graduation rates of homeless children and children in foster care) 
On page 76, line 13, insert ‘‘and for purposes 
of subclause (II), homeless status and status as a child in foster care,’’ after ‘‘(b)(3)(A),’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2159 
(Purpose: To amend title IV regarding 
family engagement in education programs) 
(The amendment is printed in the 
RECORD of July 8, 2015, under ‘‘Text of 
Amendments.’’) 
AMENDMENT NO . 2210 
(Purpose: To require States to establish a 
limit on the aggregate amount of time spent on assessments) 
On page 52, between lines 9 and 10, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(L) L
IMITATION ON ASSESSMENT TIME .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—As a condition of receiv-
ing an allocation under this part for any fis-cal year, each State shall— 
‘‘(I) set a limit on the aggregate amount of 
time devoted to the administration of assess-ments (including assessments adopted pursu-ant to this subsection, other assessments re-quired by the State, and assessments re-quired districtwide by the local educational agency) for each grade, expressed as a per-centage of annual instructional hours; and 
‘‘(II) ensure that each local educational 
agency in the State will notify the parents of each student attending any school in the local educational agency, on an annual basis, whenever the limitation described in sub-clause (I) is exceeded. 
‘‘(ii) C
HILDREN WITH DISABILITIES AND  
ENGLISH LEARNERS .—Nothing in clause (i) 
shall be construed to supersede the require-ments of Federal law relating to assessments that apply specifically to children with dis-abilities or English learners. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2137 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2089 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
call up amendment No. 2137. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Tennessee [Mr. A LEX-
ANDER ], for Mr. P ORTMAN , proposes an 
amendment numbered 2137 to amendment No. 2089. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the read-ing of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To provide for early college high 
school and dual or concurrent enrollment opportunities) 
On page 69, between lines 16 and 17, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(N) how the State educational agency will 
demonstrate a coordinated plan to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:52 Jul 14, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.017 S14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5034 July 14, 2015 
seamlessly transition students from sec-
ondary school into postsecondary education or careers without remediation, including a description of the specific transition activi-ties that the State educational agency will carry out, such as providing students with access to early college high school or dual or concurrent enrollment opportunities; 
On page 106, line 3, insert ‘‘early college 
high school or’’ after ‘‘access to’’. 
On page 314, between lines 21 and 22, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(C) providing teachers, principals, and 
other school leaders with professional devel-opment activities that enhance or enable the provision of postsecondary coursework through dual or concurrent enrollment and early college high school settings across a local educational agency. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 2132 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
yield back time on the first amend-ment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time 
is yielded back. 
The question is on agreeing to the 
Scott amendment No. 2132. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. I ask for the yeas 
and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
C
RUZ). Is there a sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) and 
the Senator from Florida (Mr. R UBIO). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Delaware (Mr. C ARPER ) 
and the Senator from Florida (Mr. N EL-
SON) are necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 45, 
nays 51, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 232 Leg.] 
YEAS—45 
Alexander 
Ayotte Barrasso Boozman Burr Cassidy Coats Cochran Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst 
Flake Gardner Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Paul Perdue 
Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—51 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boxer 
Brown Cantwell Capito Cardin Casey 
Collins Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein 
Fischer Franken Gillibrand Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Manchin 
Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Peters Reed Reid 
Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—4 
Carper Graham Nelson 
Rubio 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order requiring 60 votes for the adoption of this amendment, the amendment is rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2169 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 
now 2 minutes of debate prior to a vote on the Booker amendment No. 2169. 
Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, I rise 
today in support of my amendment, which I am offering with Senator I
NHOFE , Senator G RASSLEY , Senator 
AYOTTE , and Senator W YDEN . 
The homeless population is at an all-
time high in our country, with 1 in 45 children—or 1.6 million—homeless in the United States every year. Homeless students experience a significant edu-cational disruption, and only about 11.4 percent are proficient in math and 14.6 percent proficient in reading compared to their peers. Homeless students are almost twice as likely as other stu-dents to have to repeat a grade, be ex-pelled, get suspended, or drop out of high school. 
There are more than half a million 
foster children in the United States, and foster children also have chal-lenges and are not likely to be on grade level, more likely to change schools during the academic year, and more likely to drop out of high school. 
Sixty-seven percent of inmates in our 
State prisons are high school dropouts, and this disproportionate share comes from these backgrounds. 
The amendment is simple. It adds a 
simple reporting of the graduation rates for homeless and foster youth to the State and school district report cards so we can begin to focus in on this important population we should not leave behind. It provides—— 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator’s time has expired. 
Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak for an ad-ditional 18 seconds. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection. 
Mr. BOOKER. This amendment pro-
vides essential information to edu-cators, policymakers, and the public toward improving the educational out-comes for these students. 
I thank the Presiding Officer and 
yield back. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
commend the Senator from New Jersey for his passion for education but sug-gest that I am going to vote no because this amendment is premature. It is an-other burden on States. It adds report-
ing requirements instead of reducing reporting requirements. It adds 2 new subgroups for every school in the coun-try, and there are 100,000 of those. These populations are difficult to track due to the transient nature of the pop-ulations. For foster youth, school dis-tricts are poorly equipped to do it. Child welfare agencies would probably do better. 
Now what we should be doing is rec-
ognizing that we do not need a national school board. This is a good argument, but it should be made to the local school board or to the State school board. We do not need another Federal mandate on 100,000 local schools. That is exactly the wrong direction for us to go. 
I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the amend-ment. 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I ask 
for the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There is a sufficient second. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) and 
the Senator from Florida (Mr. R UBIO). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Delaware (Mr. C ARPER ) 
and the Senator from Florida (Mr. N EL-
SON) are necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 56, 
nays 40, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 233 Leg.] 
YEAS—56 
Ayotte 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Capito Cardin Casey Collins Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gardner Gillibrand Grassley 
Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Inhofe Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murkowski 
Murphy Murray Peters Portman Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—40 
Alexander 
Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Cassidy Coats Cochran Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi 
Ernst Fischer Flake Hoeven Isakson Johnson Lee McCain McConnell Moran Paul Perdue Risch Roberts 
Rounds Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:30 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.003 S14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5035 July 14, 2015 
NOT VOTING—4 
Carper 
Graham Nelson 
Rubio 
The amendment (No. 2169) was agreed 
to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2137 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 
now 2 minutes of debate prior to a vote on the Portman amendment No. 2137. 
The Senator from Ohio. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, 
amendment No. 2137 is about early col-lege high school. This is a program that is working incredibly well around the country, both to get young people through high school and to increase graduation rates, which is part of the objective of this legislation, and also to get them not just into college but to stay in college. All of the experience from this program indicates it is work-ing. 
I had a recent opportunity to visit 
the Dayton Early College High School, the academy, and 100 percent of their graduates are from a low-income area. Almost every single one of the students were either the first generation to go to college or into the military. Their retention rate in college is incredibly impressive. This amendment encour-ages more of that. 
Early college high schools are work-
ing. It is part of the reform effort that is being undertaken in my State and others, and I strongly encourage a ‘‘yes’’ vote. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Delaware. 
Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I am hon-
ored to join with the Senator from Ohio in cosponsoring this amendment. I, too, have recently visited an early college high school in my home State, which Delaware State College, our his-torically Black college, has estab-lished. It has shown real promise in terms of the possibilities for college ac-cess, college affordability, and college completion. 
I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote from my col-
leagues. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the question is on agreeing to amendment No. 2137. 
The amendment (No. 2137) was agreed 
to. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 2159 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is 
now 2 minutes of debate prior to a vote on Bennet amendment No. 2159. 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I yield 
back our time. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
yield back. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time 
is yielded back. 
Under the previous order, the ques-
tion is on agreeing to amendment No. 2159. 
The amendment (No. 2159) was agreed 
to. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, 
that concludes the votes for now. We are moving along very well. We expect to have votes at 4 p.m. today on 
amendments by Senators I
SAKSON , 
BENNET , LEE, and F RANKEN . We may 
have other votes. 
Senator M URRAY and I have a number 
of amendments that Senators have sug-gested to us. We would like to move through them today and tomorrow. 
f 
RECESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate stands in recess until 2:15 p.m. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 1:05 p.m., 
recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassem-bled when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. P
ORTMAN ). 
f 
EVERY CHILD ACHIEVES ACT OF 
2015—Continued 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maryland. 
Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, I am 
here today to stand up for Maryland and for all the students who could lose resources under an amendment offered by the Senator from North Carolina, Mr. B
URR. 
There is much I admire about Sen-
ator B URR, but his current amendment 
would cause Maryland tremendous problems. The Burr amendment would punish States that make significant in-vestments in those students who need extra help. This amendment would not do one thing to lift kids out of poverty or to close the achievement gap. In fact, it makes it worse. 
The so-called hold-harmless provi-
sion that is in the amendment does not hold Maryland harmless. It does not prevent any of the Maryland school districts from losing money. Under the Burr amendment, Maryland would lose $40 million. Let me repeat. Under the Burr amendment, Maryland would lose $40 million. 
Marylanders know that I have always 
been on the side of students, teachers, those who run programs, and the tax-payers who pay for them. We in Amer-ica believe in public education, where one generation is willing to pay taxes to fund the education of the next gen-eration. 
Title I in the Elementary and Sec-
ondary Education Act was created to lift children up and to close the edu-cation gap. 
Let me tell you what the Burr 
amendment would do. Right now, every county and Baltimore City would lose money. There are 24 school districts in Maryland, with 400,000 public school students. Mr. President, 170,000 stu-dents—or 45 percent of that popu-lation—are eligible for something called title I funding. If the Burr amendment passes, every single one of those boys and girls would lose aca-demic resources they currently get. Let me give you the numbers: Balti-more City, 12 percent; Baltimore Coun-ty, 23 percent; Garrett County in west-ern Maryland, 20 percent; Somerset County on the Eastern Shore, 15 per-cent. From my students in urban schools 
in the Baltimore/Washington corridor to my rural schools in western Mary-land and the Eastern Shore, every sin-gle one loses resources, and if you lose resources, you lose opportunity. If we believe in an opportunity ladder, then do not cut off the rungs. It is not the schools that lose, it is the kids who lose. They lose resources and they lose opportunities. 
I have heard from school super-
intendents across Maryland. They tell me the same thing over and over: Do not cut the money for title I. 
Dr. Henry Wagner, the super-
intendent in Dorchester County over on the Eastern Shore, says that the rural schools on the Eastern Shore would be impacted and that he would have to eliminate teaching positions, reduce reading and math services. And the very services to bring in parents would go by the wayside. 
Over in Washington County, the 
gateway to the Eastern Shore, Dr. Clayton Wilcox, the superintendent of Washington County schools, describes how a rural school would be harmed. In his letter in which he describes title I, he said: Senator M
IKULSKI , title I re-
sources ‘‘have allowed us to create hope.’’ He said: ‘‘They have enabled us to provide extra instructional support in literacy and math—subjects that open up windows and doors often shut to [these boys and girls].’’ Without title I dollars, Washington County would have to cut this instructional support in literacy and math. He writes: ‘‘Senator B
URR’s amendment is 
bad for the children and young people of Maryland.’’ It is bad for all of the children in Maryland. 
Baltimore City, where we certainly 
have had our share of problems lately, would be deeply cut. Right now, Balti-more City receives $50 million. It will lose 10 percent of that funding. Mr. President, $5 million in Baltimore right now sure means a lot. If we cut that money, we are going to shrink pre-K access. The afterschool and sum-mer learning programs will go by the wayside. If they go by the wayside, you will not only have kids with time on their hands, but they will fall behind in reading, in the very things they had gained over the school year. And the professional development for teachers, especially those new teachers we were bringing in, will be eliminated. 
I am so proud that Maryland allo-
cates more of its title I dollars to schools that need it the most. For ex-ample, 85 percent of students in Balti-more—those kids live in poverty. It has the lowest wealth per pupil in Mary-land. So the State allocates more of its resources in this area. 
Maryland actually gets penalized 
under the Burr amendment for putting money where it will do the most good, and, in fact, Maryland gets penalized for making education a priority. Well, I thought we believed in State deter-mination. If a State determines it is going to make a significant investment 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:25 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.005 S14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5036 July 14, 2015 
in public education and make the fund-
ing of the closing of the achievement gap a priority, why punish it for States that cut taxes, cut opportunity? And now we want to change the formula to reward their behavior when we should be rewarding the good behavior of States like my own. 
This amendment is bad for Maryland, 
it is bad for other States, and most of all it is bad for children. Mr. President, 58 percent of the students who benefit from title I funding will get fewer re-sources, less opportunity. 
Title I certainly does need to be re-
formed and refreshed. Senators M
UR-
RAY and A LEXANDER should be con-
gratulated in the way they led the committee through a civil, cogent process. But we cannot make changes based on the needs of a handful of States that essentially have penalized their own children. 
The last time the Congress reauthor-
ized the Elementary and Secondary Education Act was in 2001. During that reauthorization, Congress clearly stat-ed that it shall be a national priority that title I should be a priority. In that bill, Congress committed to steadily 
increase funding for title I. But Con-gress never fully funded the program. It never provided the adequate funds. 
In the major effort that was done 
just 2 weeks ago within the appropria-tions bill of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, Senator M
UR-
RAYoffered an amendment to increase 
title I by $1 billion. Every single Re-publican on the committee voted against it. 
We cannot keep doing this. We need 
to fully fund title I. This is not about statistics. This is not about numbers. This is about human beings. The genius of America is that we believe—we be-lieve—in the education of our people, that we truly believe that the way we lift all boats in our country is to have a public education system that works well and is funded adequately. 
We have had a formula that has 
worked for title I because it rewards those States that are willing to make public education and the next genera-tion a priority. Let’s keep the formula we have. Let’s reform where we need to. And let’s make sure that our focus is not on bottom lines but that more children get to the head of the class. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, early 
childhood learning is critical to build-ing a strong foundation for each child’s welfare and success. It is linked to bet-ter outcomes in school, such as high school and college completion rates, higher wages, and better social and emotional skills. Research shows that for every dollar 
spent, the benefits of early childhood education to society are $8.60. Around half of that reflects increased earnings for children when they grow up. Early childhood education can also lower in-volvement with the criminal justice system and reduce the need for reme-dial education. 
Clearly, early childhood education 
such as pre-K is crucial to preparing each generation for the academic and professional challenges ahead. There is no doubt that families play a critical role in achieving academic success. When families are involved in chil-dren’s learning at a young age, it bet-ter prepares them to succeed in school. Research shows that when parents and families are involved in their children’s education, children are more likely to succeed. For example, children whose parents read to them at home recog-nize letters and write their names sooner than those whose parents do not. 
It is because of the importance of 
early childhood education and parent and family involvement in that early education that I worked on language that is now included in the Every Child Achieves Act. 
I thank my colleagues, Chairman 
A
LEXANDER and Ranking Member M UR-
RAY, for working with me to include 
language allowing funding for pro-grams that promote parent and family engagement in the new early learning and improvement grants as a part of the Every Child Achieves Act. This ef-fort was also supported by the National PTA, the National Center for Families Learning, the National Education As-sociation, and the American Federa-tion of Teachers. The competitive early learning alignment and improve-ment grants would provide funding to States that propose improvements to coordination, quality, and access for early childhood education. The lan-guage I worked on would allow States to use funding from the early learning alignment and improvement grant to develop, implement or coordinate pro-grams determined by the State to in-crease parent and family involvement; encourage ongoing communication be-tween children, parents, and families, and early childhood educators; and pro-mote active participation of parents, families, and communities. 
I thank my colleagues again for 
working with me to get this included in a substitute amendment because parent and family engagement in those early years is critical to each student’s success as well as to our country’s fu-ture. 
I am committed to working with 
partners in Indiana to ensure that Hoo-sier children can take advantage of these important programs, and I stand ready to continue working with my friends on both sides of the aisle to fur-ther invest in early childhood edu-cation so we can provide brighter fu-tures for more Hoosiers and additional American children. Mr. President, I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. BENNET. Thank you, Mr. Presi-
dent. 
I am obviously a Senator from Colo-
rado, but as I rise, I am speaking more as the father of three daughters in the Denver Public Schools and a former su-perintendent of schools. 
It was a great privilege of mine, prob-
ably the privilege of a lifetime, to have been the superintendent of Denver Pub-lic Schools for almost 5 years. I can’t begin to express, as I am standing on this floor, my gratitude for what I have learned from teachers, principals, and parents who were sending their kids to what was then a school district that had seen declining enrollment for many years. It is now the fastest grow-ing urban school district in America. Of course, the students themselves day after day inspired all the adults around them to want to help deliver a high- quality education. 
But I also was struck when I was su-
perintendent with the barriers that we have accepted as a country and as a so-ciety that we would never accept for our own children. We would never ac-cept them for our own children. The first barrier I talked about on the floor before is the fact that if you are born poor in this country, you show up to kindergarten having heard 30 million fewer words than your more affluent peers. This is an enormous barrier we haven’t addressed as a country, and there are many other challenges up to and including the fact that we have made it harder and harder as years go by for people to afford a college edu-cation without bankrupting themselves or shackling themselves to a mountain of debt. 
In the face of all that, we have been 
very slow to change. We have been very slow at every level to change the way we deliver K–12 education or early childhood education through higher education. Let me just give you one ex-ample that this bill addresses today, in part. We have done almost nothing in this country to change the way we at-tract teachers, recruit teachers, inspire teachers, train teachers, reward teach-ers, since we had a labor market that discriminated against women and said the only job you can have is being a teacher or being a nurse. Those are your two jobs. So why don’t you come to the Denver Public Schools and teach Julius Caesar every year for 30 years of your life for a really low compensation. But if you stick with us for 30 years— which you would not do anymore—we will give you a pension worth three times that of Social Security. That sounded like a good deal because you 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:25 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.027 S14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5037 July 14, 2015 
were likely to outlive your spouse, you 
weren’t paid a lot during your lifetime, and you get the pension at the end. We have done nothing to change that. That is our offer. 
I can tell you again—not speaking as 
a politician but speaking as a school superintendent, speaking as somebody who has never done anything but sub-stitute teach. I have never actually taught as a traditional teacher. I sub-stitute taught from time to time. That is the hardest job a person can have, especially when you are teaching in a high poverty school. It is much harder, I can say without any doubt, than any job any Member of the U.S. Senate has. Yet we have an offer that belongs to an era that no longer exists. 
In all honesty, we used to subsidize 
the public education system in this country through that discrimination in our labor, our approach to labor, be-cause even though the deal wasn’t a good deal, we might have been able to get the very best British literature stu-dent in her class to commit to be a teacher of British literature because she had no other options except for per-haps becoming a nurse. Fortunately, that hasn’t been true in this country for 30 or 40 years, but we haven’t up-dated the offer, and we haven’t changed the way we train our teachers once they get there. 
That is why this bill is important in 
some parts because it makes some im-portant steps in the right direction. We are not going to teach children from Washington. Our kids who today are in systems all across this country in their schools and classrooms are never going to remember who here worked on the new version of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act. That is not going to be of concern to them, but hopefully what they will remember is a third grade teacher who made a huge difference for them, a fourth grade teacher who made a huge difference for them, a college adviser who took a spe-cial interest and made sure somebody who didn’t know that college was for them was for them. 
Our job, it seems to me, is to do what 
little we can to try to help put people at home in a position to do that job. That is why it is critical in this bill that we raise the quality of profes-sional development by encouraging on-going training and education that ac-tually tracks the specific strengths and areas of growth for each individual teacher, instead of group workshops that we know are ineffective. For in-stance, teachers who need help in class-room management will receive train-ing in that specific area, if a school dis-trict or a school would want to do that. 
We promote collaboration and the 
use of common planning time, so that teachers can work together in groups as teams, each of whom may have a dif-ferent view of each kid but together can figure out how to get each child in the school to their potential. One of the things I heard all of the time from the teachers that I worked with in Denver was that they felt that they 
faced a binary choice when it came to their profession. Yet they loved to teach. They loved being with the kids. But the only other option besides teaching was becoming a principal or going to work in the central office. We worked very hard in that school dis-trict and across the State to think dif-ferently about career ladders for teach-ers, to give more opportunity and op-tions for people to give back, and to be able to help perfect their own craft as teachers by learning from their peers and also serving as master teachers. 
This bill, for the first time, allows 
funding to be used for hybrid roles that allow teachers to serve as mentors or academic coaches while remaining in 
the classroom. It creates options, as I said. It encourages teacher-led and col-league-to-colleague professional devel-opment among teachers. I may have learned it the hard way, but I know that nobody knows how best to im-prove instruction more than our teach-ers do. 
But the struggle is how to figure out 
how to break out of the old roles to give people the opportunity to be able to have the chance to mentor their col-leagues and also, significantly, have the time in the school day and in the school year, when the stress of other business makes it hard to do, to create the time for people to be able to work together for our kids. 
In this bill we recognize the work 
that is happening in cities such as Chi-cago, Denver, and Boston, around teacher residency programs, an alter-native approach to bringing teachers into the profession, not relying any-more solely on higher education, un-derstanding that maybe what we need is content matter experts who can learn how to teach by being latched to master teachers in a school district such as the Denver public schools, who bring their content, their substance from their undergraduate degree but can acquire a masters as they are learning on the job in the classroom, as in a medical residency program. We allow funding to be used for that. These programs can provide critical clinical experience to teacher can-didates. 
There is funding to train and place 
effective principals to lead high-need and low-performing schools. You can-not have a good school without a good principal. Ask anyone. You cannot have a good working environment for a teacher without a good principal. It is impossible. We skipped over that in our efforts of implementation across the country. When I had the good fortune to be the superintendent of Denver Public Schools, my chief academic offi-cer was a guy named Jaime Aquino, a gifted school leader. 
He and I would start every single day 
for 2 hours with a group of 15 principals in one of their schools. It was not about broken boilers, and it was not about who got left on the bus. It was about teaching and learning in Denver Public Schools. We would do the same thing for 3 
weeks, and then we would start over again, which meant that I got to see every principal in my school district once every 3 weeks, and they got to see each other. They came to understand that they had a reciprocal obligation to each other as we thought about the obligation we had to the kids in Den-ver. I will give you an example of one of the sessions. Jaime would bring a 1
1⁄2-page piece of student writings to 
these meetings, because it is really im-portant for teachers to look and ana-lyze student work to be able to dif-ferentiate their instruction to meet the individual needs of kids in the class-room. 
It is easy to say that. It is easy to 
have the fly-by professional develop-ment where a bunch of people are sleeping in auditorium listening to really boring stuff. It is another thing to actually get people to want to do the work. At the beginning it was hard. We would pass out that piece of stu-dent writing and you would hear sort of a crescendo as people were talking about it, and they would say: I cannot read this. I don’t know what this says. This looks like a foreign language to me. 
Then Jaime would say: Based on 
what you have read, what are Nancy’s strengths as a writer? 
She turned out to be a very typical 
fourth grader in our school district. 
They would say: Well, she writes 
from left to right. She has a sense of story structure. She spells high-fre-quency words correctly. 
Jaime would say: Well, why is that? 
He would say: Well, maybe she had a vocabulary test. He would say: Maybe she had a word wall, and she is using it to scaffold her instruction. 
Over time, the principals saw what 
their role was as leaders and how reli-ant we were on them. 
I can tell you firsthand that school 
leaders have a powerful affect dramati-cally improving the quality of teaching and raising student achievement, and we have skipped over them. This bill no longer skips over them. 
We also update and improve the 
teacher incentive fund in this bill. We encourage districts to redesign their systems for recruiting, hiring, and placing teachers. 
We incentivize districts to think 
about paying different teachers dif-ferently. In Denver, we don’t have a monopoly on wisdom, but if you are working in a high-poverty school, you get paid more for that. It is harder to find you. It is a harder job. We recog-nize that. If you are teaching a subject for which it is hard to find people to teach, we pay a little more for that. 
If you are driving student achieve-
ment or your colleagues are, we pay you a little more for that. Through this incentive fund, we promote school autonomy over budgeting, staffing, and other school-level decisions. We incentivize folks to change hiring schedules so high-need schools can hire 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:25 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.031 S14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5038 July 14, 2015 
earlier in the year and select from the 
best and brightest teachers, instead of the reverse. 
So we have done some good things 
here on teachers. It is one of the rea-sons why I am supporting this legisla-tion. I want to thank Chairman A
LEX-
ANDER and Ranking Member M URRAY , 
who are both on the floor today, for their exceptional leadership in bring-ing this bill out of committee. The peo-ple who are watching this on television know that this body cannot seem to agree on anything these days. Because of their work, we were able to produce a bill that got unanimous support in the HELP Committee. Every single member of the committee supported it. Imagine that. Imagine that in this body. 
You know what. There are no ringers 
on that committee either. That com-mittee has the junior Senator from Kentucky on it, Mr. P
AUL; it has the 
junior Senator from Vermont on it, Mr. S
ANDERS , and everybody in between. 
That is a rare case of unanimity among a very diverse set of Senators, which I think argues well for getting this bill through in the Senate and hopefully in the House. 
I see my colleague is here. If I can 
just take 2 more minutes I want to mention a word or two about the title I formula. I have joined my friend from North Carolina in supporting an amendment to change the title I fund-ing formula. The formula I think that we are trying to propose today is sen-sible and eliminates the overly com-plex and opaque formulas that we cur-rently have. It creates one formula that is targeted and provides more funding for districts with higher con-centrations of poverty. 
I am extremely sensitive to the argu-
ments that others have made, such as my friend from New York. I also agree that we need to invest significantly more in our kids. This formula change is good for my home State of Colorado. I think if you are a poor kid in Alamosa or Woodrow, CO, you deserve every chance to get a great education, including receiving an equitable share of Federal resources. 
With that, I see my colleague from 
Utah is here. So I will relent and yield the floor and come back at a later time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Utah. 
AMENDMENT NO 2162 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2089 
Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I ask to call 
up and make pending the Lee amend-ment No. 2162. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the amendment. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
The Senator from Utah [Mr. L EE] proposes 
an amendment numbered 2162 to amendment No. 2089. 
Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To amend the Elementary and Sec-
ondary Education Act of 1965 relating to parental notification and opt-out of assess-ments) 
On page 52, strike line 3 and all that fol-
lows through line 9 and insert the following: 
‘‘(K) P
ARENTAL NOTIFICATION AND OPT - 
OUT.— 
‘‘(i) N OTIFICATION .—Each State receiving 
funds under this part shall ensure that the parents of each child in the State who are scheduled to take an assessment described in this paragraph during the academic year are notified, at the beginning of that academic year, about any such assessment that their child is scheduled to take and the following information about each such assessment: 
‘‘(I) The dates when the assessment will 
take place. 
‘‘(II) The subject of the assessment. ‘‘(III) Any additional information that the 
State believes will best inform parents re-garding the assessment their child is sched-uled to take. 
‘‘(ii) D
ELAYED OR CHANGED ASSESSMENT IN -
FORMATION .—If any of the information de-
scribed in clause (i) is not available at the beginning of the academic school year, or if the initial information provided at that time is changed, the State shall ensure that a sub-sequent notification is provided to parents not less than 14 days prior to the scheduled assessment, which shall include any new or changed information. 
‘‘(iii) O
PT-OUT.— 
‘‘(I) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding the re-
quirement described in section 1111(b)(3)(B)(vi), or any other provision of law, upon the request of the parent of a child made in accordance with subclause (II), and for any reason or no reason at all stated by the parent, a State shall allow the child to opt out of the assessments described in this paragraph. Such an opt-out, or any action related to that opt-out, may not be used by the Secretary, the State, any State or local agency, or any school leader or employee as the basis for any corrective action, penalty, or other consequence against the parent, the child, any school leader or employee, or the school. 
‘‘(II) F
ORM OF PARENTAL OPT -OUT RE -
QUEST .—Unless a State has implemented an 
alternative process for parents to opt out of assessments as described in this subpara-graph, a parent shall request to have their child opt out of an assessment by submitting such request to their child’s school in writ-ing. 
‘‘(iv) A
PPLICABILITY .—The requirements re-
lating to notification and opt-out in this subparagraph shall only apply to federally mandated assessments. A State may imple-ment separate requirements for notification and opt-out relating to State and locally mandated assessments.’’. 
On page 58, on line 21, after ‘‘paragraph (2)’’ 
insert ‘‘(except that such 95 percent require-ments shall exclude any student who, pursu-ant to paragraph (2)(K), opts out of an assess-ment)’’. 
Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent that Senator P AUL be 
added as a cosponsor to my amend-ment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. LEE. Mr. President, parents and 
teachers all across America are frus-trated by Washington, DC’s heavy-handed, overly prescriptive approach to public education policy. I have heard from countless moms and dads in Utah who feel as though anonymous Federal Government officials, living and work-
ing 2,000 miles away, have a greater say in the education of their children than they do. 
One of the most frustrating issues for 
parents is the amount of standardized tests that their children are required to take, particularly the tests that are designed and mandated by the Federal Government. It is not just the fre-quency of those tests that is frus-trating. Too often parents do not know when these federally required assess-ments are going to take place, and they do not even find out until after the fact. It is important to recognize that this is not a partisan issue. The notion that parents should not be ex-pected to forfeit all of their rights to the government, just because they en-roll their children in the public school system, is not a Democratic idea nor is it a Republican idea. It is simply an American idea. 
That is why several States, including 
States as distinct as California and Utah, have passed laws that allow par-ents to opt out of federally required tests. But there is a problem. Under current law, States with opt-out laws risk potentially losing Federal edu-cation dollars if a certain portion of parents decides opting out is best for their children, because schools are re-quired to assess 95 percent of their stu-dents in order to—and as a condition to—receive Federal funds. 
The bill before the Senate today, the 
Every Student Achieves Act, does not fix this problem. My amendment does. Here is how. My amendment would pro-tect a State’s Federal funding for ele-mentary and secondary schools by re-moving the number of students who opt out of Federal tests from the num-ber of non-assessed students. In other words, the number of students opting out of federally required tests could not threaten a State’s eligibility to re-ceive Federal funds. 
My amendment would also give par-
ents more information about tests mandated by the Federal Government, ensuring that parents are notified of any federally required assessment that children are scheduled to take. It would allow parents to opt out their children from such assessments. It is important to note that this amend-ment would have no effect on assess-ments that are required by the State, local education agency, school or teachers. Nor does it prohibit a State from expanding their parental opt-out laws to apply to a broader set of assess-ments if they choose to do so. 
This amendment would not jeop-
ardize a State law that provides par-ents the opportunity to opt out their children and it would allow the State to continue to use its own process that allows parents to take such action. 
Whether you believe the bill before 
the Senate today strikes the appro-priate balance between Federal and State control, I think all of my col-leagues can support this amendment. I believe all of us can agree that parents 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:30 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.033 S14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5039 July 14, 2015 
should have the final say in their 
child’s education and should have ac-cess to information about the testing that is taking place before that testing takes place, and they should be able to decide whether their child will be part of that testing. 
I urge all of my colleagues to support 
this amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
L
ANKFORD ). The Senator from Ten-
nessee. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
thank the Senator from Utah for his comments. We will be voting on the Senator’s amendment this afternoon at 4 o’clock, and I want to just make a couple of comments about it. 
I have a little different view of what 
his proposal is. He talks about our being opposed to Washington’s heavy-handed approach. The way I under-stand his proposal, it is even more of a heavyhanded approach than the bill we are voting on today, and this is why. 
His proposal is that Washington tells 
Utah or Oklahoma or Tennessee or Washington State what to do about whether parents may opt out of these federally required tests. Now, they are not federally designed. Utah has its test. Tennessee has its test. They are designed by the States, but they are re-quired. And there would be—since 2001, and this continues that—for example, two tests for a third grader. The testi-mony would be that it might take 2 hours for each test, so that would be 2 hours for a math test, 2 hours for a science test; then again in the fourth grade, 2 hours for a math test, 2 hours for a science test. 
I don’t think anyone believes those 
are a great burden on students, it is all the other tests that seem to be re-quired as schools prepared for the tests I just described. What we have done in this legislation is restore to States the power to decide how much these stand-ardized tests count. 
So the legislation Senator M
URRAY  
and I have proposed—and that came out of our committee unanimously—for the first time authorizes States to de-cide whether parents may opt out, may allow their children to opt out of these tests or not. Let me say that again. The legislation that Senators will be voting on, hopefully tomorrow for final passage, allows States to decide for themselves whether parents may vote to opt out of the No Child Left Behind tests. 
The proposal from the Senator from 
Utah is a Washington mandate that says to States that Washington will de-cide that. 
So our proposal is local control. His, 
the way I hear it, is Washington knows best. That is like Common Core. 
The proposal that is on the floor for 
a vote tomorrow says Washington may not mandate to any of our States what its academic standards should be. That ends the Washington Common Core mandate. In the same bill, why should we put a Washington mandate about whether you can opt out of your test? Why don’t we allow States to make 
that decision? 
So I say to my Republican friends, 
especially, do we believe in local con-trol only when we agree with the local policy? I don’t think so. 
The great economist Art Laffer likes 
to say: States have a right to be right, and States have a right to be wrong. 
I have a different view. I am going to 
vote no on the amendment of the Sen-ator from Utah because it takes away from States the right to decide wheth-er and how to use the Federal tests and whether parents may opt out. 
Why is that a problem? Well, in the 
following States, States use these tests as part of their State accountability system. They don’t have to do it, but they do use it. I am told by the State of Tennessee that if we were to adopt the Utah proposal Federal mandate, that the State would have to come up with a different accountability system. 
So which States on their own have 
decided to use these tests as part of their State accountability system? Florida has, Georgia, Idaho, Indiana, Kentucky, Louisiana, North Carolina, Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, Ten-nessee, and Texas. 
So I urge my colleagues to vote for 
the Alexander-Murray proposal because it reverses the trend toward a national school board and specifically allows States to decide whether States may opt out of tests while the amendment goes the other way. It is a Washington mandate that takes away from States the ability to make that decision. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Georgia. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2194 TO AMENDMENT NO . 2089 
Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I ask 
to set aside the pending amendment and call up my Isakson amendment No. 2194. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Georgia [Mr. I SAKSON ] 
proposes an amendment numbered 2194 to amendment No. 2089. 
Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To require local educational agen-
cies to inform parents of any State or local educational agency policy, procedure, or parental right regarding student participa-tion in any mandated assessments for that school year) 
On page 110, strike lines 7 through 17 and 
insert the following: 
‘‘(1) I
NFORMATION FOR PARENTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—At the beginning of each 
school year, a local educational agency that receives funds under this part shall notify the parents of each student attending any school receiving funds under this part that the parents may request, and the agency will provide the parents on request (and in a timely manner), information regarding any State or local educational agency policy, procedure, or parental right regarding stu-dent participation in any mandated assess-ments for that school year, in addition to in-
formation regarding the professional quali-fications of the student’s classroom teachers, including at a minimum, the following: 
Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I begin 
my remarks by commending Ranking Member M
URRAY and Chairman A LEX-
ANDER on a tremendous due diligence 
effort to see to it that we finally an-swered the question that States have been asking for 7 years; that is, when are you going to reauthorize the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act? When are you going to end the day when 82 percent of all educational public school systems have to get waiv-ers from Washington to teach children the way they want to teach them? When are you going to see to it that money can flow to the States and flow to the student from those States, not everything flow from Washington to the student. It is about time we fixed the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act. 
In my lifetime, I have been in elected 
office for 38 years. I have been in every legislative body I can legally be elected to, and I have served on the Education Committee in the Georgia House, the Georgia Senate, the U.S. House, and the U.S. Senate. I don’t know a lot about a lot of things, but I know a lit-tle bit about public education. In fact, in 1996, Zell Miller, whose seat I now hold in the Senate, called on me to take over the Georgia State Board of Education when Georgia had a major crisis. So I learned under fire. 
I learned the following: Children rise 
to expectations, and in an absence of expectations, children sink. That is why gangs attract kids from broken families, because they seek some kind of recognition, and the gang gives it to them. 
We need to make sure education 
gives them that recognition, that ex-pectation, and that goal to reach high-er and higher standards, but that hap-pens closest to home, not in Wash-ington, DC. It happens where the par-ents and the children are. The more op-portunities parents have to engage with their children—the children see the expectations of their local students and their local citizens—the better off they will be, which is why in the com-mittee I offered the amendment which is included in the body of the Alex-ander-Murray bill, which allows par-ents in States that approve it to opt out of any testing they want to opt out of—a parent’s right to see to it they can opt out of a required test if the State allows them to do so. 
Amendment No. 2194, which is before 
us now, makes sure that provision is in the section of the bill that calls for the parents’ right to know. So every parent has the right to know whether the State allows an opt-out. It already lets them know what their child’s teacher’s qualifications are, what their level of achievement in school is, notice if their child is being taught by a teacher not meeting State standards, and rights as a parent of an English lan-guage learner. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:30 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.034 S14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5040 July 14, 2015 
The bill is specific in all of those 
areas, telling the parent: It is your right to know if we have an ESL Pro-gram. It is your right to know if we allow an opt-out, and if we do not allow an opt-out, it is your right as a citizen to go to the board of education and make sure we do offer one. In other words, we are opening the door for local control the way all of us planned on it being for years and for years and for years. 
It is time we took the shackles off 
public education. The Washington weight is dragging it down. It is time our school systems no longer have to come to Washington for waivers and all those types of things, but instead we said—in the case of title I, our poorest kids and among those most in need of help, our IDEA kids, where the Federal Government has a role—besides those two areas, it is time for the local sys-tem to see to it they are meeting the needs of those kids, the parents know what the system is doing, and the par-ents have a right to inquire. And if the parent doesn’t want the kid to be test-ed the way the State is doing it and the State allows it, they should be able to opt out. That is the ultimate of local control. It is also the ultimate of ex-pectations for the child through the parent and the school, not through some Washington mandate. 
You know the old saying: Education 
makes people easy to govern and im-possible to enslave, easy to build and impossible to drive. 
Education is the power that leads our 
democracy to discoveries. Just today in America—or just sometime today in America—Pluto was discovered by an American satellite that was launched 9 years ago. It has been traveling hun-dreds of thousands of miles a second to go there. That manpower was done in the educational system of the United States of America. 
There is no dream that can’t be real-
ized in this country, but it has to be based on education and knowledge. It has to be based on a country that rel-ishes education, a State that embel-lishes education, and a parent that is involved with their child. 
I commend Senator M
URRAY and Sen-
ator A LEXANDER for their work, for in-
cluding the opt-out provision in the base of the bill. I ask and hope the Sen-ate will adopt my amendment to re-quire that in the parents’ right to know, that provision is made available to every single parent in terms of what the State does and does not require when their kids go into the public school system. So we have a better in-formed parent, better local control, less Federal mandate, and a child who has expectations that are raised for them by the parents and the teachers closest to them, not by a bureaucrat in Washington, DC. 
We live in the greatest country on 
the face of this Earth. You don’t find anybody trying to break out of the United States of America. They are all trying to break in. And when you ask them why, it is because it is a country 
of opportunity, education, hope, and promise. 
Today and tomorrow, the Senate has 
the ability to reauthorize the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act, which has languished for 7 years with-out a reauthorization. I hope we will do it and give local systems and local boards of education and the parents the choices they need to make the deci-sions that are right for their children. 
I encourage every Senator to vote for 
amendment No. 2194, the Isakson opt- out amendment and the parental right- to-know amendment. 
I yield back the remainder of my 
time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, the 
Senator from Washington is going to speak in just a moment, but while the Senator from Georgia is on the floor, I thank him for his huge contribution to this bill that would fix No Child Left Behind. No committee member has been more valuable than he. He has worked with Senator M
URRAY to in-
clude within a provision an important step on early childhood education. 
He has used his experience as chair-
man of the Georgia State Board of Edu-cation and as a member of the edu-cation committee in both the Senate and the House to help us know how to do a better job here. 
He is the champion of giving parents 
the right to know whether their State gives them the opportunity to opt out of the federally required tests. That is his amendment today. And he was the sponsor of the amendment that appears in the Alexander-Murray bill, which gives States the express authority to decide whether the parents may opt their children out of the tests. 
So the Isakson amendment says: 
Give States the power to provide the opt-out, and it gives parents the oppor-tunity to know enough information to be able to do it. That is consistent with this legislation, which requires the im-portant measurements of achievement so we can know whether children are achieving and whether schools are achieving, but then restores to States and local school boards, classroom teachers, and parents the decisions about how to help those children achieve. 
That is the kind of local control of 
education that I think most of us on both sides of the aisle—whether it is the Senator from Montana speaking this morning or the Senator from Geor-gia speaking this afternoon, that is the spirit of the consensus that guides this bill. 
Senator I
SAKSON ’s contribution has 
been enormous to the right of parents to provide an opt-out of a federally re-quired test for them and their children if they and their State choose to do it. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2093 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I rise 
this afternoon to speak in favor of the Franken amendment, which we will be 
voting on shortly. I want to start with the story of Chandler, who was a 9th grader in Arkansas who experienced daily bullying and harassment. At school, his classmates harassed him based on his perceived sexual orienta-tion. His mom described him as a good kid. She said all he wanted was to fit in, but Chandler couldn’t walk down the hall between classes without kids harassing him. He wrote to his school counselor saying he couldn’t handle ‘‘being an outcast for four more years.’’ 
And while teachers knew about the 
bullying, the school district never put a plan in place to address his concerns. And one day in 2010, Chandler took his own life after enduring endless bullying and tormenting at his school. 
Chandler’s story is more than a trag-
edy, it feels like an all-too-common trend for students across the country. 
As a mother, grandmother, a former 
educator, and as a citizen, I believe Congress has to act to protect kids such as Chandler. When kids do not feel safe at school, when they are relent-lessly bullied because they are dif-ferent, when they endure harassment simply because of who they are, we have failed to provide them with the educational opportunities they deserve. We have failed them. 
As we debate our Nation’s K–12 edu-
cation bill, we need to do everything we can to prevent bullying, harass-ment, and discrimination and provide students with a safe learning environ-ment. Today, we will consider an amendment to address the unique chal-lenges LGBT students face. 
I thank Senator C
ASEY for his work 
on the Safe Schools Improvement Act. It is a bill we will not be voting on but will continue working on. I thank, es-pecially, Senator F
RANKEN for his tire-
less leadership on the Student Non-Dis-crimination Act. 
On the HELP Committee, I have been 
a proud cosponsor of this legislation for years, and today I hope all of our Senate colleagues will join us in pro-tecting students from discrimination based on their actual or perceived sex-ual orientation or gender identity. 
Discrimination, bullying, and harass-
ment at school leads to students who feel unsafe. It leads to kids who skip classes so they avoid harassment. Some students drop out of school be-cause they don’t feel safe there. If stu-dents don’t feel safe, then there is very little else we can do to improve their education that will matter. 
This type of bullying and harassment 
can be severe, particularly for LGBT students. The Gay, Lesbian & Straight Education Network recently did a sur-vey on the experiences of LGBT youth in our schools. In that survey, 6 out of 10 lesbian, gay, and bisexual students reported feeling unsafe at school and 8 out of 10 transgender students said the same. 
Eighty-five percent of LGBT students 
report they have been harassed because of their sexual or gender identity. Even 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:25 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.037 S14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5041 July 14, 2015 
though bullying and harassment is 
prevalent for these students, they and their families have limited legal re-course for that kind of discrimination. I believe our students deserve better. The amendment we will be voting on will help to tackle this problem. 
The student non-discrimination 
amendment would prohibit discrimina-tion and harassment in public schools based on actual or perceived sexual ori-entation and gender identity. The amendment would also prohibit any re-taliation for lodging a complaint of discrimination. That would give our LGBT students who are suffering from bullying and harassment legal re-course, and it would allow Federal au-thorities to address discrimination. 
This amendment would offer LGBT 
students similar protections that cur-rently exist for students who are bullied based on race, gender, religion, disability, or country of national ori-gin. Unless you think LGBT students don’t deserve protection from discrimi-nation the way these other students do, this should be easy to support. This amendment is absolutely critical for expanding protections for LGBT stu-dents. Again, I thank the junior Sen-ator from Minnesota for his tremen-dous work. 
I know some of our Republican col-
leagues have argued that taking steps to prevent bullying would only create lawsuits. But I believe these students deserve justice. Giving students and families legal recourse would help pro-vide that. 
Under this amendment, the process 
for legal recourse would be similar to title IX, which actually has been on the books since 1972. In the majority of title IX cases, a school is more than willing to fix the problem so it no longer engages in discriminatory prac-tices. After all, school leaders want to do the right thing and end bullying or harassment in their classrooms. They want to make sure their school is safe for a particular group of students. They want to make sure students are not discriminated against simply be-cause of who they are. With this amendment, this same process would be afforded to LGBT students. 
I have also heard some critics of this 
amendment say there is no need to focus on LGBT students. They don’t want to define who would be covered in an anti-discrimination amendment. But that logic doesn’t follow what we already know works. There is a reason the civil rights laws of our country clearly define who is protected from discrimination. For example, our civil rights laws make it clear that it is un-lawful to discriminate based on race and gender. A generic anti-discrimina-tion policy will not cut it. A vague pol-icy would lead to years of litigation about who is and who is not protected and what legal standards should apply. Making meaningful progress to prevent bullying, harassment, and discrimina-tion requires us to clearly define who will be protected. We know LGBT students are being 
bullied. They are being harassed. They are being discriminated against. Ignor-ing that fact with vague language doesn’t help those students; it does them a real disservice, and it is wrong. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
amendment. The pain physical and emotional abuse can cause is tragic. 
In Ohio, a young man named Zach is 
an openly gay student. Since he was in the third grade, he has been called names at school. That abuse has esca-lated since then. When he was 16, Zach was physically attacked and repeatedly punched by another student during his third-period class. In a video from the ACLU, Zach’s mom said it is not that Zach attended a bad school. She said: ‘‘It’s just not a good school for gay or lesbian children.’’ 
It should not matter what school a 
child attends; all students deserve a safe learning environment. Bullying and harassment take that away from too many of our Nation’s students. 
I want to take a moment to note the 
historical significance of this debate and the vote we will be taking on shortly. A few weeks ago, the Supreme Court settled a question that for dec-ades has been an issue of debate in our country. After years of fighting for equal rights, LGBT couples finally have the guarantee of marriage equal-ity nationwide and the protections that all married couples enjoy. 
I am proud of how far our country 
has come. Since the Court’s ruling, this—right now, today—will be the first vote this body takes on legislation aimed at ending discrimination against LGBT individuals and in this case dis-crimination against LGBT children in our schools. Surely we can agree that a minority group of students who have long endured bullying, harassment, and discrimination deserves the same pro-tections we afford other groups of stu-dents. There is no excuse for a school or for a United States Senator to stand by as our kids endure harassment and discrimination that puts their aca-demic success and emotional well- being in jeopardy. The country will be watching. 
I urge our colleagues to support this 
amendment and give students across the country the assurance that we are on their side. 
Mr. President, I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, I 
wish to thank Chairman A
LEXANDER  
and Ranking Member M URRAY for their 
excellent leadership as stewards of this important bipartisan effort. In my con-versations with parents, educators, and advocates across my State, one theme prevails: We must reform this outdated 
law. This bipartisan legislation before us, while not perfect, is a step in the right direction. 
I am glad my language was included 
in the substitute amendment to ad-dress conflict resolution and crisis intervention services in schools. It will provide support and the ability of school districts to provide suicide, traf-ficking, trauma, and violence preven-tion models. Such models will assist 
educators as they foster positive school climates so that students can enter school excited and ready to learn. 
However, I hope we can also advance 
my amendment No. 2171, which would support those schools where such pre-ventions are needed the most. My amendment will restore access and make improvements to school and mental health support grants under an existing program in ESEA—the inte-gration of schools and mental health systems. Unfortunately, the bill before us eliminates this program simply be-cause of recent budget cuts. Those budget cuts have allowed for the diver-sion of its funding to other priorities. This program, however, is more impor-tant than ever today. 
I am not calling for new or expanded 
funding or even a new program. The funding conversation should take place during the appropriations process. But for these purposes, we must make sure the program’s authorization is not eliminated, as students across this country and students in my State criti-cally need these integrated services that help them deal with the effects of poor educational environments as well as the effects of toxic stress and trau-ma. 
The need to address this problem is 
something I have heard repeatedly since becoming North Dakota’s Sen-ator and previously in my role as North Dakota’s attorney general. Through my personal experiences with affected children, school leaders, and tribal representatives, I have focused on making sure all children have the ability to succeed and overcome obsta-cles associated with suicide, trauma, violence, and stress on their mental health. 
In May of 2015, Futures Without Vio-
lence, alongside partners such as the Alliance for Excellent Education, the National Education Association, and the National PTA, released a report en-titled ‘‘Safe, Healthy, and Ready to Learn’’ that detailed how unhealthy school climates, exposure to violence, and the effects of trauma reduce aca-demic success. As a result of such con-ditions, students with two or more ad-verse childhood experiences are more than twice as likely to repeat a grade. Students exposed to violence are at a greater risk of dropping out or having difficulty in school. Children exposed to violence scored lower on tests of verbal ability and comprehension, reading and math skills, and overall achievement on standardized tests. 
As a member of the Indian Affairs 
Committee, I can attest that nowhere 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:25 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.039 S14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5042 July 14, 2015 
are adverse childhood experiences more 
common than in schools serving this country’s Native communities and Na-tive American tribes. The suicide rate for young adults aged 15 to 34 years is 2
1⁄2times higher than the national av-
erage. 
In South Dakota, from December 2014 
to May 2015, the Oglala Sioux Tribe lost nine—nine—of their young people to suicide between the ages of 12 and 24. At least 103—I want to repeat that number—103 attempts were made by young people aged 12 to 24 just in those few months. 
North Dakota has had a similar expe-
rience with suicide. Five young peo-ple—three teenagers and two 25-year- olds—on the Standing Rock Sioux Res-ervation took their own lives within a 2-month period. 
Much like North and South Dakota, 
Montana, Wyoming, and Alaska’s sui-cide rate has increased dramatically in recent years—jumping 70 percent in 10 years, with large increases among mid-dle and high school students. 
As populations have increased in the 
West, violent crime has similarly risen 121 percent in some areas. Through drug crimes, gunrunning, gang activ-ity, and limited capacity of law en-forcement, human trafficking has be-come epidemic, with 83 percent of all victims in the United States being American. How can we expect children to learn when they face such obstacles as these? This is an injustice. 
We must make sure our schools have 
the means to partner with health sys-tems and provide preventive measures and family engagement models for im-proving school environments and men-tal health stress. Unfortunately, schools are often the last line of de-fense for our country’s most vulnerable students. My amendment would simply preserve a voluntary program that helps schools provide children stability and the tools necessary to handle men-tal stress. 
I understand the call for Federal 
streamlining and local flexibility. For North Dakota, strengthening local effi-ciency is a top priority. However, this particular program should not be a part of that streamlining. This author-ization is about updating a civil rights law based on helping all—even the most disadvantaged—students achieve and have access to a better future. 
But for many of our States, those 
disadvantaged students are also owed a Federal trust responsibility. While this language would protect a grant pro-gram that is accessible to all, the serv-ices provided under this amendment target issues epidemic to Indian Coun-try. As such, it would work to uphold the distinct trust responsibility of this government to provide educational re-sources to Native children. Much like the amendment from the senior Sen-ator from Montana, which the Senate adopted last week, I hope the Senate will similarly protect this program. 
By helping schools coordinate with 
health professionals specializing in ad-dressing the effects of traumatic events 
and mental stress, we will secure for our most disadvantaged the equal op-portunity they deserve—that equal op-portunity to learn and to achieve. 
I want to tell you a quick story. The 
first year I was elected, I had an oppor-tunity to visit with a lot of North Da-kota constituents who came into my office. I remember distinctly the day the grade school principals came to visit me, and I thought that I would prepare for this meeting—that I would prepare on No Child Left Behind. I shared a lot of their concerns, and I was ready to talk about No Child Left Behind. That is not what they wanted to talk about. One principal told me a story about two young boys who were in second and third grade who had rid-den the bus that morning and beaten up two little girls. When they got to school, the principal asked them why they would ever do that. They said: Well, you understand that last night my dad beat up my mom and he went to jail. They wanted to visit their dad. 
How prepared is a school district to 
deal with that situation? If we do not engage the mental health community, our schools will continue to be those first responders, ill prepared to deal with the trauma of that life. We have to begin to integrate these programs, and we have to look at what is hap-pening with trauma and stress and the effects trauma and stress have on learning and the ability to succeed. 
I understand and can completely ap-
preciate and support the idea that we need to streamline programs. I think this is a program whose time has come. We should fund this program. That is a conversation for the Appropriations Committee. We have to begin to em-phasize the conditions in which chil-dren live if we are going to educate all of our children equally. 
I hope my colleagues will join me in 
supporting this amendment. 
I ask unanimous consent that the Fu-
tures Without Violence report, ‘‘Safe, Healthy, and Ready to Learn,’’ be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
SAFE, HEALTHY , ANDREADY TO LEARN  
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY  
Dr. Martin Luther King, at the crossroads 
of this nation’s civil rights movement more than 50 years ago, talked about the ‘‘fierce urgency of now.’’ Today, more than ever, every child deserves equality of access and opportunity that will prepare him or her to compete in the changing economies and re-alities of the 21st century. Yet, for too many children, exposure to violence and trauma can deny them both access and opportunity. Forty-six million children in the United States will be exposed to violence, crime, abuse, or psychological trauma in a given year: two out of every three children in this country. They are our sons, daughters, grandsons, granddaughters, nieces, and neph-ews. They are our future. 
There is an undeniable urgency of now to 
shine the light on these children and, even more importantly, prevent our children from exposure to violence. We owe it to them to give them the opportunity to live up to their 
full potential. We should not wait, we cannot wait, and we must not wait. 
In partnership with leaders from through-
out the health, education, justice, and child development fields, Futures Without Vio-lence (FUTURES), with the support of The California Endowment, Blue Shield of Cali-fornia Foundation, and the Lisa and John Pritzker Family Fund, has spent the last year working to develop public policy solu-tions to prevent and address childhood expo-sure to violence and trauma. We examined research, consulted with experts across the country, and convened a multi-disciplinary working group to develop a comprehensive set of recommendations designed to combat this silent epidemic. 
Children’s exposure to violence, trauma, 
and ‘‘toxic stress’’ can have a permanent negative effect on the chemical and physical structures of their brain, causing cognitive impairments such as trouble with attention, concentration, and memory. Adverse Child-hood Experiences (ACEs) research documents the short- and long-term connections be-tween exposure to violence and other adver-sity and poor health and educational out-comes, such as increased absenteeism in school and changes in school performance. Individuals who have experienced six or more ACEs die, on average, 20 years earlier than those who have none. We know that the effects of this trauma are playing out in nu-merous ways every day. 
The good news is that we know what works 
to prevent harm and heal children. Our col-lective task is to identify and elevate the ef-fective policies, programs, and practices that are working and advance them at the fed-eral, state, and local level. This report is de-signed to do just that. 
FUTURES is especially grateful to the 
thoughtful work and commitment of our pol-icy working group, which made the report possible. The group is unique in its diverse membership and in the willingness of its par-ticipants to cross boundaries and recognize the interconnectedness of multiple issues. From reforming school discipline practices and creating positive school climates to combating child abuse and promoting chil-dren’s physical, emotional and mental health, the group worked to examine and lift up core strategies to meet the needs of the whole child, to address trauma in children’s lives, and to create conditions to allow our children to thrive and succeed. 
GOALS  
The working group developed a set of rec-
ommendations that will support each of these seven goals: 
1. Invest early in parents and young chil-
dren 
2. Help schools promote positive school cli-
mates, be trauma sensitive, and raise achievement 
3. Train educators, health care workers, 
and other child-serving professionals about preventing and responding to youth violence and trauma 
4. Prevent violence and trauma 5. Improve intra- and inter-governmental 
coordination and alignment 
6. Increase the availability of trauma-in-
formed services for children and families 
7. Increase public awareness and knowledge 
of childhood violence and trauma 
SUMMARY OF RECOMMENDATIONS  
The following summarizes the key rec-
ommendations for each goal: 
No. 1—Invest early in parents and young 
children. The federal government should sup-port states, local jurisdictions, and tribes in providing parents, legal guardians, and other caregivers the resources necessary to help their children thrive. A multi-generational 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:25 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.040 S14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5043 July 14, 2015 
approach to comprehensive and evidence- 
based services and trauma-informed care promotes positive caretaking, reduces in-equities, enhances family cohesion, and interrupts the cycle of intergenerational trauma. We recommend expanding the fed-eral Maternal, Infant, and Early Childhood Home Visiting Program (MIECHV) and im-plementing a two generation approach to ad-dressing ACEs, child abuse, and domestic vi-olence. We also suggest modifying Medicaid and child welfare financing formulas to ex-tend services to parents to address their own experience of trauma. 
No. 2—Help schools promote positive 
school climates, be trauma sensitive, and raise achievement. The federal government should provide significant resources and in-centives for states and local jurisdictions to create connected communities and positive school climates that are trauma-sensitive to keep students healthy and in school, in-volved in positive social networks, and out of the juvenile justice system. Such invest-ments should increase opportunity and close achievement gaps, promote health, resil-ience, social and emotional learning, and en-gage the school personnel necessary to effec-tuate a positive learning environment. We recommend using the reauthorization of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act to support the creation of positive school cli-mates; supporting full-service community 
schools that include school-based health cen-ters; adopting inclusive disciplinary policies that involve the community; reconsidering school safety strategies and prioritize invest-ing resources in students’ emotional health and social connections; providing assistance to school districts in their efforts to prevent and appropriately respond to incidents of bullying; and having the United States De-partment of Education design and dissemi-nate a practice guide that offers school-wide strategies and best practices for creating trauma sensitive schools. 
No. 3—Train educators, health care work-
ers, and other child-serving professionals about preventing and responding to youth vi-olence and trauma. States and other accred-iting bodies should support training and cer-tification of child- and youth-serving profes-sionals to effectively respond to children’s exposure to violence with a coordinated and trauma-informed approach. Our report urges that school personnel should be trained on implementing effective academic and behav-ioral practices, such as Positive Behavioral Interventions and Supports and social and emotional learning, and providing pediatri-cians and staff in community health settings the tools they need to serve traumatized youth. 
No. 4—Prevent violence and trauma. Fed-
eral, state, and local governments and tribes should increase incentives and expand vio-lence prevention efforts to reduce children’s exposure to violence. Research and strate-gies should be interwoven among the fields of community violence, child abuse, school violence, sexual assault, and domestic vio-lence. Specific policy recommendations are as follows: expanding funding for domestic violence prevention and response services within the Family Violence Prevention and Services Act; providing greater technical as-sistance to health care providers so they can effectively deliver universal education to parents and caregivers about the impact of exposure to violence on youth and deliver more integrated care to children who may already be exposed to violence; expanding targeted prevention programs focused on healthy relationships among youth devel-oped jointly by the Centers for Disease Con-trol and Prevention and the Office on Vio-lence Against Women; engaging men and boys in prevention; and supporting resilient and healthy communities. No. 5—Improve intra- and inter-govern-
mental coordination and alignment. Federal, state, and local governments and tribes should better coordinate youth violence pre-vention and early intervention approaches among themselves and with non-govern-mental organizations, particularly as it re-lates to school/community and public/private sector coordination. We recommend the cre-ation of a White House task force to identify specific youth violence and trauma preven-tion goals, make recommendations on how federal agency resources can be used to meet those goals, and provide guidance to state and local partners. In addition, the federal government should include incentives in rel-evant federal grant applications for states and localities to demonstrate collaboration in service delivery. 
No. 6—Increase the availability of trauma- 
informed services for children and families. It is time to incentivize and fund states, lo-calities, and tribes to scale up the avail-ability of trauma-informed services for chil-dren and their families exposed to violence. These services should support the implemen-tation of two-generation, trauma-informed approaches, coordinate efforts among schools, homes, and communities, and ensure gender-specific and culturally competent practices. We recommend permitting federal entitlement programs to support child trau-ma assessment and intervention, such as home-based services and crisis intervention, that provide for child well-being, family sta-bility, and community health. The federal government should provide specific support and attention to youth in the juvenile jus-tice system, in foster care, and to those who are homeless. 
No. 7—Increase public awareness and 
knowledge of childhood violence and trauma. Federal, state, and local governments and tribes should support public education and engagement campaigns to increase aware-ness of the adverse effects of childhood expo-sure to violence and trauma. The campaigns should describe action people can take to prevent harm, and promote effective solu-tions. We recommend that the federal gov-ernment, in coordination with the states, conduct a mass media campaign that high-lights the impact of ACEs and helps to re-duce the stigma attached to those who seek professional help. 
We know that meaningful change will not 
happen overnight, and we recognize that budgets are tight at all levels of government. However, inaction is not an option—not when tens of millions of children are affected by violence and trauma each year. We know what works. We know that these invest-ments will save money and will prevent many children from suffering. This report provides a blueprint for what needs to be done. It is now up to all of us, as policy-makers, educators, advocates, and parents, to take action to ensure that our children’s future is bright. 
Ms. HEITKAMP. I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Illinois. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I thank 
my colleague from North Dakota for bringing up a critically important issue. The need for counseling and mental health resources in our schools cannot be overstated. There are so many kids who appear to be slow learn-ers and have problems that can be traced directly to these issues. 
I know that teachers aren’t trained 
to be psychologists and psychiatrists. Many of them are struggling just to teach. So I think the resources that the Senator from North Dakota is talk-
ing about are absolutely essential, and I hope her amendment prevails. I will be happy to support it. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, we come 
together every few years to debate edu-cation. Why does the Federal Govern-ment get into the conversation about grade schools and high schools? Be-cause 50 years ago we created programs sending Federal money to these schools. 
In my State, about 5 percent of all 
the money spent on education comes from Washington. The rest of it comes from State and local sources. Sending this money to schools was part of a program for accountability back in the 1960s. The problems we faced were largely twofold, problems of poverty and the resulting difficulties that chil-dren had in school and problems with racial discrimination. So we tried to resolve these by sending resources to States and holding them accountable if they received Federal money to move toward improving test scores and per-formance for children and breaking down the walls of segregation. 
It is 50 years later. We have tried so 
many different approaches to this, and under President George W. Bush, a con-servative Republican, there was a sur-prising new approach called No Child Left Behind. What was surprising is that a conservative Republican Presi-dent actually called for a bigger role of the Federal Government when it came to education. 
President Bush felt that we should 
hold schools and teachers accountable, that we should test to make sure they were making progress, and frankly, call them out if they were not. It was a pretty bold and controversial idea. Now we come together years later in an effort to do it differently. This bill before us, the Every Child Achieves Act, basically shifts the pendulum to the other side and says that now we are going to give it back to the States to measure the performance and progress of schools and intervene where nec-essary. 
I think this is a worthy effort. We 
may find that we have gone too far in moving it all back to the States and away from the multiple tests that face school districts under No Child Left Behind, but we are engaging in this new approach in the hopes that it will be better and fairer and that more kids in America will get a good education. That is generally why I think we are here on this floor. 
There is one aspect of it which I 
think we should still maintain, and that is the question or issue of ac-countability. Senators M
URPHY of Con-
necticut, B OOKER of New Jersey, C OONS  
of Delaware, and W ARREN of Massachu-
setts filed an amendment which I have joined with to insert meaningful ac-countability measures in this bill, in-cluding identifying the 5 percent low-est performing schools—high schools where less than two-thirds of the stu-dents graduate—and subgroups of stu-dents who are not doing well. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:25 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.012 S14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5044 July 14, 2015 
There is a concern on the other side 
of the aisle, and even from some of my friends and supporters, that we are going back to the Federal account-ability standards when schools or sub-groups are not succeeding. That is not the case with this amendment. It al-lows the States to still decide which interventions are warranted, but it makes the information public as to how the schools are doing, particularly those that are really struggling, the lowest 5 percent of schools—high schools where two-thirds of the stu-dents are not performing. We should know this, and we should hold the States accountable now that it is their responsibility to intervene to make sure that they achieve this. To ignore it and turn our backs on it is not fair. It is to ignore a half-century commit-ment by this government with the title I program in particular and other pro-grams in our government to really help the States to improve with Federal re-sources. 
We have gone away from overtesting 
in No Child Left Behind, but let’s not reach the point where we ignore the re-sults. Let’s hold States accountable. Let them come up with the interven-tions as required, but let’s do it in a way that is transparent so there is ac-countability. I support this amend-ment, and I hope it is called up soon. 
Mr. President, there is another 
amendment that may soon be before us offered by Senator B
URRof North Caro-
lina that would make changes in the title I funding program in terms of the allocations to States. Title I is the sin-gle largest source of Federal funding for elementary and secondary edu-cation. It helps States and districts ad-dress poverty and the needs of low-in-come students. 
Senator B
URR of North Carolina has 
created a new formula to send money from Washington back to the States. Not surprisingly, his State does very well with that formula, others not so well. The Burr amendment, which we finally saw in writing last night, would be devastating to low-income students in Illinois. It would reduce my State’s share of title I funds by $180 million a year. So 28 percent of all the title I funds now coming into the State would be eliminated by the Burr amendment. 
Chicago public schools are strug-
gling. Mayor Emanuel, who is in charge of these schools, is trying to re-solve decades’ old problems with pen-sions, trying to put the money into the schools, and faces some extremely dif-ficult choices. 
Under the Burr amendment, Chi-
cago’s public schools would lose $68 million. It is not just about the city of Chicago. Every district in Illinois that receives title I funds for low-income students would see a cut. North Chi-cago and East St. Louis are the two poorest school districts in the State. East St. Louis is my hometown and where I was born. North Chicago would see a 24-percent cut of money for low- income students, and East St. Louis would see a cut of 18 percent—one of 
the poorest towns in my State. Rock-ford would lose $5 million, a 31-percent cut. Rock Island would see a 43-percent cut with the Burr amendment, and Carbondale and Danville, 27 and 20 per-cent, respectively. Springfield, my hometown, would lose $2 million or 26 percent of their total funds would be cut because the Senator from North Carolina wants to take more money home to his State. 
These types of cuts to Illinois, 
divvied up among districts in other States, isn’t a responsible Federal pol-icy for making sure low-income kids in Illinois get a good education. It isn’t responsible, and I have to say to my friend and colleague from North Caro-lina that he is in for a fight. He may think he has chosen just enough States to get a little more money to get a ma-jority together, but my colleagues, at least on this side of the aisle, realize that tomorrow someone else could come up with a little different formula that would be devastating to their own States. This amendment is the most hurtful and damaging amendment that is before us in this bill as far as my State is concerned. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2093 
Third, there is an amendment from 
my friend from Minnesota, Senator F
RANKEN , called the Student Non-Dis-
crimination Act, also called SNDA. I urge all of my colleagues to support it. SNDA will provide critical protection for LGBT students by explicitly pro-hibiting discrimination in public schools based on actual or perceived sexual orientation or gender identity. 
A few weeks ago the Supreme Court 
had a historic decision when it came to same-sex couples having the right to marry. While this decision is a major historic achievement, there is more that needs to be done. Students who are or are perceived to be lesbian, gay, bisexual or transgender continue to face extraordinary discrimination. 
A recent survey showed that 85 per-
cent of these students reported harass-ment. The survey also found that these students didn’t perform well when they were subjected to this harassment. That is no surprise. Research also shows that these teenagers are four times more likely to attempt suicide, and 40 percent of the homeless students and children in America are LGBT. 
I support Senator F
RANKEN ’s amend-
ment. Let’s end this discrimination. 
Finally, I support the amendment of-
fered by the Senator from Pennsyl-vania, B
OBCASEY , which is based on 
the Strong Start for America’s Chil-dren Act, to improve and expand high- quality early childhood education for more than 3 million low-income kids. The Casey amendment would help 100,000 kids in low-income families in Illinois get into pre-K. How important is that? 
Well, I am a grandfather and proud of 
it. We have twin grandkids who are 3
1⁄2 
years old. My wife and I spend a lot of time talking with them and reading to them. These kids are doing just great. 
They have terrific parents and are heading to pre-K in just a few months. They won’t even be 4 years old when they enter the pre-K program in the city of Brooklyn, NY. We are excited about it. We know they are going to do well. Their parents, and maybe even their grandparents, have helped them reach that point. 
What B
OBCASEY and his amendment 
try to do is to extend that opportunity to a lot of families—low-income fami-lies that may not have the luxury of being able to spend time with their kids the way other families can. Let’s give those kids a fighting chance. Let’s give them the pre-K education that gets them off to a good, strong start so they can learn and ultimately earn. 
I support the Casey amendment, and 
I hope my colleagues will too. 
I yield the floor. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2093 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, this im-
portant debate about how to improve our schools is an opportunity to ensure that children have access to equal edu-cational opportunities. Lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender students often face pervasive harassment and bullying in our schools. We must en-sure that all children can attend school in a safe and healthy environment. That is why I am proud to support the amendment offered by Senator F
RANKEN . 
Similar to his bill on this topic, the 
Student Non-Discrimination Act, this amendment would instill core prin-ciples of basic civil rights in our Na-tion’s schools. These are commonsense, fundamental rights that all Americans deserve, particularly children. No per-son—of any age—should face discrimi-nation because of their race, economic status, religion, gender, gender iden-tity, sexual orientation, or learning abilities. 
I have heard from countless Vermont 
parents about their children being bullied at school and online. I am re-minded of the tragic story of Ryan Halligan, an Essex Junction student who took his own life at age 13 after being bullied for his physical appear-ance. After years of torment, the teas-ing Ryan endured turned into physical violence. Ryan was harassed online by one of his peers, who took private mes-sages Ryan had sent and showcased them for other students in the school. Ryan was later publically shamed for what he thought was an innocent inter-action between himself and a friend. 
No child should ever face the needless 
horror of harassment or bullying. Un-fortunately, as many as 7 in 10 students who are, or are perceived to be, lesbian, gay, bisexual, or transgender have been bullied or harassed. But unlike other forms of harassment in our schools, bullying based on gender identity and sexual orientation is often overlooked, and students and their parents have limited legal options to hold schools accountable for discriminatory treat-ment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.046 S14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5045 July 14, 2015 
The Franken amendment would ex-
tend Federal protections from dis-crimination in public schools based on actual or perceived gender identity or sexual orientation. The amendment prohibits public school students from being excluded from educational pro-grams on the basis of sexual identity and allows students to take civil action against such discrimination. It also en-sures that students who file suit will not face retaliation of any kind. It is a sad reality that discrimination still ex-ists in our country, and that Ameri-cans need the powerful anti-discrimi-nation protection of our civil rights laws. But these abuses are happening in our schools, and children are suf-fering as a result. 
What is worse, LGBT youth who face 
bullying at school do not always have a sanctuary at home. A disproportionate and growing number of runaway and homeless youth are LGBT, often be-cause their families have rejected them. We must ensure that these kids have a safe place to stay, because they are vulnerable to abuse and sexual ex-ploitation while living on the street. That is why Senator C
OLLINS and I in-
cluded a nondiscrimination provision in another key piece of legislation, the 
Runaway and Homeless Youth and Trafficking Prevention Act. This bill would ensure that no child in need of shelter is turned away based on their sexual orientation or gender identity. We cannot protect these children from every injustice they might face, but we should at least ensure that they will be safe in our public schools and federally funded shelters. I will continue to fight for these protections. 
I am proud of the many students in 
Vermont who have taken steps to pre-vent bullying in their schools and com-munities. In 2014, Rutland High School students were nationally recognized for their ‘‘Positive Post-it’’ campaign, in which small notes of praise and encour-agement to fellow students were placed on windows and message boards throughout the school. These young students at Rutland High School should be commended for reminding us all that bullying and discrimination have no place at school. Students across the country are doing their part and we must do ours as well. 
Last month, the Supreme Court 
issued two consequential and historic rulings protecting the basic rights of all Americans to marry and to access housing free from discrimination. Our Nation has come a long way but our work must continue. All Americans, especially our children, deserve the same Federal protections. We have the opportunity to extend this simple prin-ciple of basic fairness to children across this country and make our schools safe places for all children to learn. I hope all Senators will support this important amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2194 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, on 
behalf of the Senator from Washington, I ask unanimous consent that the 4 
p.m. vote begin now. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The question now occurs on the Isak-
son amendment No. 2194. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Excuse me. My 
fault, Mr. President. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
got a little ahead of myself. I should have checked with Senator I
SAKSON to 
see if he wished to speak on behalf of his amendment. I see he is now here. Why don’t we allow him to do that, and then I will ask for the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Georgia. 
Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I thank 
the chairman of the committee, and I wish to reiterate my appreciation for what he and Senator M
URRAY have 
done to bring a great bill to the floor. 
This is the ultimate local control 
amendment, which says if a State al-lows an opt-out, a parent can opt their kid out of testing, and it requires the States to ensure that parents know if opting out is possible. It is a good amendment for children and local con-trol, and I encourage everyone to cast a ‘‘yes’’ vote. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I sup-
port this amendment, and I thank Sen-ator I
SAKSON for working with us on 
this. I encourage a ‘‘yes’’ vote. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the amend-ment. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask for the yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) and 
the Senator from Florida (Mr. R UBIO). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Florida (Mr. N ELSON ) is 
necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 97, 
nays 0, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 234 Leg.] 
YEAS—97 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey 
Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein 
Fischer Flake Franken Gardner Gillibrand Grassley Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine 
King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Moran Murkowski Murphy 
Murray Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Reid Risch Roberts Rounds Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Sessions Shaheen 
Shelby Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Vitter Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden 
NOT VOTING—3 
Graham Nelson Rubio 
The amendment (No. 2194) was agreed 
to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2210 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There 
will now be 2 minutes of debate prior to a vote on Bennet amendment No. 2210. 
The Senator from Colorado. Mr. BENNET. I thank the Presiding 
Officer. 
Mr. President, as the father of three 
girls in Denver Public Schools and as a former school superintendent, I know there is a lot we can do to streamline tests, but the problem is not the Fed-eral requirement. That is not the real problem. The real problem is the way the Federal requirement works with States and the way the State tests have piled up on the Federal require-ments. 
That is why States should establish a 
cap on the total amount of time spent taking these assessments. This target would be State-determined, subject to discussion among parents, teachers, and policymakers. If the district ex-ceeds the policy cap, it would be re-quired to simply notify parents. This is an essential way to respond to con-cerns voiced by students, parents, teachers, principals, and communities across the country about overtesting. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
further debate? 
Mrs. MURRAY. I yield back time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time 
is yielded back. 
The question is on agreeing to Ben-
net amendment No. 2210. 
The amendment (No. 2210) was agreed 
to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2162 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There 
will now be 2 minutes of debate equally divided prior to a vote on Lee amend-ment No. 2162. 
The Senator from Utah. Mr. LEE. Mr. President, my amend-
ment would clarify that parents—not the Federal Government—are the pri-mary educators of their children. It would ensure that parents may allow their children to opt out of federally mandated tests. 
Now, the Senator from Tennessee, 
Mr. A
LEXANDER , is right that States 
should be free to make their own tests mandatory if they so choose. However, that is not what this bill allows. This bill mandates that States give these 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:25 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.035 S14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5046 July 14, 2015 
tests and requires them to get the con-
tent of such tests approved by the Sec-retary of Education. 
My amendment is silent on the ques-
tion of State tests. It simply clarifies that tests mandated by this Congress are, in fact, voluntary, and that par-ents—not politicians or bureaucrats— will have the final say on whether indi-vidual children take Federal tests. It also ensures that the Federal Govern-ment cannot punish a State by re-stricting Federal funding for education should parents choose to opt out their children from these tests. 
Thank you. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. This bill is about re-versing the trend toward a national school board. The amendment of the Senator from Utah is about more of a national school board. The Alexander- Murray bill expressly says that a State may decide whether to allow parents to opt out of these tests. The Senator’s amendment says: Washington knows best; it will tell States what the policy should be. 
That is like common core. Our bill 
says: We are eliminating the Wash-ington mandate on common core. He would reinstate a Washington mandate on the opt-out policy. I would say this to my Republican friends: Do we only agree with local control when we agree with the local policy? 
Art Laffer says: States have a right 
to be right. States have a right to be wrong. A ‘‘no’’ vote is a vote for local control. A ‘‘yes’’ vote is a vote for a na-tional school board. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I con-
cur with the remarks from the chair-man of the committee and urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the amend-ment. 
Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I ask for the 
yeas and nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
C
OATS ). Is there a sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ), the 
Senator from Florida (Mr. R UBIO), and 
the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S UL-
LIVAN ). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Florida (Mr. N ELSON ) is 
necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 32, 
nays 64, as follows: [Rollcall Vote No. 235 Leg.] 
YEAS—32 
Ayotte 
Barrasso Blunt Boozman Cassidy Coats Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst 
Fischer Grassley Heller Hoeven Inhofe Johnson Lankford Lee McCain Moran Paul 
Perdue Risch Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NAYS—64 
Alexander 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Flake Franken 
Gardner Gillibrand Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Isakson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murkowski Murphy Murray 
Peters Portman Reed Reid Roberts Rounds Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Thune Tillis Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—4 
Graham 
Nelson Rubio 
Sullivan 
The amendment (No. 2162) was re-
jected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2093 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There 
will now be 2 minutes of debate equally divided prior to a vote on Franken amendment No. 2093. 
The Senator from Minnesota. Mr. FRANKEN. Mr. President, the 
Student Non-Discrimination Act would extend the same Federal civil rights protections available to other children to LGBT children. 
I feel very strongly about this, and 
let me tell you why. LGBT kids are facing an epidemic of bullying in our schools. Nearly 75 percent of LGBT stu-dents say they have been verbally har-assed at school. More than 30 percent report missing a day of school in the last month because they felt unsafe. 
Sometimes kids cannot endure the 
taunting. These boys, 11 years old, 13, and 15, committed suicide because they were harassed relentlessly, and they are just three of the many tragic cases. And in case after case, the parents begged the school to do something, only to be ignored. Our laws failed these children, but we can change that. We have come very far on this issue. As a body, we passed ENDA, which pro-tects LGBT adults, but this is about children. 
It is our job as adults, not just as 
Senators, to protect children. Think about the LGBT people you know— your friends, staff, family. Now imag-ine them as children just beginning to discover who they are but doing so in the face of taunts and intimidation. You cannot get a good education if you dread going to school. My amendment just says that schools would have to listen when a parent says ‘‘My kid isn’t 
safe’’ and then do something about it. 
I thank the chairman and the rank-
ing member for committing to hold this vote. I strongly urge my col-leagues to vote to protect our children. 
I reserve the remainder of my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
thank the Senator from Minnesota for bringing up the amendment and for the way he has participated in our debate and worked for us to make it possible to get a result. 
I am going to ask for a ‘‘no’’ vote on 
this amendment. There is no doubt that bullying or harassment of children based on actual or perceived sexual ori-entation or gender identity is a terrible problem and has become in some parts of our country even accurately de-scribed as an epidemic. But the ques-tion is, Is this an argument that is best addressed to the local school board or to the State board of education or to a national school board in Washington, DC? 
We have 50 million children in 100,000 
public schools and 3.5 million teachers. No more set of issues is more difficult to deal with on an individualized basis in a rural area in Alaska or the moun-tains of Tennessee or the middle of Harlem than a case of harassment or bullying. Teachers, principals, and school advisors deal with those every day. We do not know more about that than they do. The U.S. Department of Education cannot make regulations for that many different kinds of instances. 
This substitutes the judgment of the 
people closest to the children, who cherish them—substitutes the judg-ment of Washington bureaucrats for them. It allows the Federal Govern-ment to regulate and dictate local school gender identity policies, such as those related to restrooms, locker rooms, and dress codes. It will lead to costly lawsuits. 
It is well-intentioned. It is a problem 
that needs to be addressed, but it should be addressed by the local school board, the State board of education, and not by a national school board in Washington, DC. 
I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. Mr. FRANKEN. Mr. President, may I 
ask how much time is remaining? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Minnesota has 10 seconds at this time. 
Mr. FRANKEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak for 30 more seconds. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The Senator from Minnesota. Mr. FRANKEN. This isn’t about law-
suits; this is about schools doing the right thing when the parents ask. They are the same protections granted to the kids by virtue of their race. That wasn’t a local issue; that was a Federal right we had to pass. The same with title IX for girls. That is why we just won the World Cup. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:25 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.042 S14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5047 July 14, 2015 
This is the right thing to do. We are 
adults here. Let’s protect children. Let’s protect children. This is not about lawsuits. It is about adults, about a parent calling the principal and saying ‘‘My kid is being harassed’’ and then the principal will do some-thing—because they aren’t. They aren’t in many, many cases. 
Thank you. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent for 20 seconds to conclude. 
Mr. FRANKEN. I object. I am joking. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Tennessee. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, the 
question is whether difficult cases of bullying and harassment of whatever kind in 100,000 schools with 50 million children are best handled by the judg-ment of men and women close to the children, close to the circumstances, or by Senators in Washington and Federal employees in the U.S. Department of Education. 
I believe this legitimate concern 
should be addressed by those who are closest to the children because they cherish the children more and they will care for them. 
I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the amend-ment. 
Mr. RISCH. I ask for the yeas and 
nays. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a 
sufficient second? 
There appears to be a sufficient sec-
ond. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators 
are necessarily absent: the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RAHAM ) and 
the Senator from Florida (Mr. R UBIO). 
Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the 
Senator from Florida (Mr. N ELSON ) is 
necessarily absent. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there 
any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? 
The result was announced—yeas 52, 
nays 45, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 236 Leg.] 
YEAS—52 
Ayotte 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boxer Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Collins Coons Donnelly Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Heinrich 
Heitkamp Heller Hirono Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murkowski Murphy Murray 
Peters Portman Reed Reid Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden NAYS—45 
Alexander 
Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi 
Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Grassley Hatch Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Paul 
Perdue Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott Sessions Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Vitter Wicker 
NOT VOTING—3 
Graham Nelson Rubio 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order requiring 60 votes for the adoption of this amendment, the amendment is rejected. 
The Senator from Delaware. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, as the 
Senate this week considers the first major reform bill for our Nation’s pub-lic schools in over a decade, I rise to talk about how we can ensure that every one of our country’s children goes to a great school no matter his or her ZIP Code or background. Our Na-tion has long struggled to fulfill our fundamental promise of equal oppor-tunity since our Nation’s founding. It is a struggle that, despite many efforts, continues today. 
Fifty years ago, as America fought to 
break down racial barriers in our Na-tion’s classrooms, President Lyndon Johnson signed the Elementary and Secondary Education Act into law. This civil rights act recognized that without actively investing Federal re-sources in educating America’s under-served children, their dreams would re-main tragically deferred. 
Since then, our country has contin-
ued to struggle with this fundamental civil rights challenge. And five decades after Johnson’s landmark law and 14 years after President Bush revamped it with the bipartisan No Child Left Be-hind Act, we still haven’t found a way to ensure that as a nation, we hold every school to the high standards our children deserve. 
This week marks the latest effort in 
this long struggle. The Senate’s reform bill, titled the ‘‘Every Child Achieves Act,’’ makes important strides to im-prove what went wrong in 2001’s No Child Left Behind. I would like to start by commending Senator P
ATTY MUR-
RAYand Senator L AMAR ALEXANDER for 
accomplishing what has eluded the Senate for so many years—a truly bi-partisan compromise that deals with some critical but often divisive issues at the heart of America’s public schools. They have worked tirelessly on this bill because they understand the urgency of our national education crisis. 
In the wake of No Child Left Behind’s 
Federal micromanagement of schools, this bill heeds an important lesson: Communities need to have some flexi-bility and some space to innovate and find their own solutions to their edu-cation problems. But I would urge my colleagues that as we work together to 
fix many of the law’s weaknesses, we not lose sight of some of No Child Left Behind’s important accomplishments. 
For all its many problems, it exposed 
uncomfortable realities in America’s classrooms and empowered policy-makers with real data that simply did not exist before. Most importantly, it refused to lower our Nation’s expecta-tions of any school and demanded that every child in America gets the edu-cation he or she deserves. 
In our drive to decrease the law’s ri-
gidity and address its many other chal-lenges, we must maintain those high standards and continue to hold States and school districts accountable. Un-fortunately, if it passed today, the Every Child Achieves Act would turn back the clock to a time when local control too often meant national indif-ference. It would risk letting too many of our children fall through the cracks. 
I, myself, have seen how this indiffer-
ence can hurt America’s students. For 20 years, I was actively involved with the national ‘‘I Have a Dream’’ Foun-dation, which works to send some of our country’s most at-risk students to college. I had the opportunity to visit schools all over the United States, in some of our most stressed and chal-lenged neighborhoods and some of our most struggling and difficult schools. When I met with students during those visits and asked them about their vi-sion for their own future, while many wanted to become teachers, doctors or scientists, too many others did not be-lieve those kinds of careers could ever be within their grasp. 
This, to me, illustrated the twin 
tragedies of our public education sys-tem; the fact that for many students with big dreams, their schools will not give them the chance to realize them, while for too many others, dreams long dead in their families and communities had taught them that daring to dream at all was futile. 
These students had fallen victim to 
what President George W. Bush so ac-curately described as the ‘‘soft bigotry of low expectations.’’ They had inter-nalized the failings of the system around them to mean they were not worth investing in, so they might as well just give up from the beginning. 
There are two ways I believe we can 
and should improve the Every Child Achieves Act to change that message, to raise the expectations we commu-nicate to kids from the day they are born to the day they enter the class-room, to the day they graduate. 
The first way is to pass amendments 
that strengthen Federal accountability provisions and shine a brighter spot-light on the small fraction of our schools that fail our children. Simply put, we cannot allow ourselves to lower our expectations for any of America’s schools. 
I know for many of my colleagues 
and for teachers and students around the country, the very word ‘‘account-ability’’ in the context of education is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:25 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.044 S14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5048 July 14, 2015 
associated with high-stakes testing and 
unfunded mandates, but it doesn’t have to mean either of those things. Ac-countability means holding every school and every child to the same high standards because our public schools must work for every student no matter where they are, where they come from or how they learn. Accountability means not allowing schools to main-tain the status quo when they fail to graduate large segments of their stu-dents. Accountability means refusing to lower our expectation even when the path forward seems hard. 
We have already seen what account-
ability can accomplish for our chil-dren. Over the past decade, all stu-dents, but particularly disadvantaged students, have graduated at higher and higher rates and are performing in math and reading better than ever be-fore. The national high school gradua-tion rate is currently 81 percent, its highest level on record. Since 2003, the reading gap between Black and White fourth graders has closed by 16 percent-age points, and over the same period Hispanic eighth graders have closed the gap in math by 24 percentage points. 
Federal accountability is a critical 
part of ensuring we invest in all Amer-ican students as if they were our own children. I urge my colleagues to sup-port Senator M
URPHY ’s amendment, 
which I am proud to join and cospon-sor. This amendment would strengthen accountability in this bill by requiring States to identify low-performing schools and tailor interventions to help them improve their performance. It also ensures that schools set high goals for—and pay attention to—all stu-dents, including students with disabil-ities, low-income students, English lan-guage learners, Latino and African- American students. 
The second amendment I wish to ad-
dress takes on another piece of increas-ing expectations of urging every one of our children to dream. That amend-ment is based on my bipartisan bill called the American Dream Accounts Act with Senator R
UBIO, and it would 
send the important message to low-in-come students that a college education can be within their grasp. 
For too long, college has been out of 
reach for the vast majority of poor Americans, but unlike in past decades, economic success today is defined by college access. With the new global economy, Americans with just a high school diploma earn literally $1 million less over their working lives compared to those who go to college. Yet too many of our students who need it most are not given the tools, the resources, and the information to complete a col-lege education. 
As the administration has pointed 
out, just about 1 out of 10 children from low-income families will com-plete a college degree by the time they are 24—just 1 out of 10. The American Dream Accounts Act is designed to ad-dress and break down many of the bar-riers to college access that our most at-risk students face in seeking higher 
education. They encourage partner-ships between schools, colleges, non-profits, and businesses to develop se-
cure, Web-based individual student ac-counts that contain information about each student’s academic preparedness, financial literacy, connects them to high-impact mentoring, and is tied to an individual college savings account. 
Instead of having each of these dif-
ferent resources available separately through separate silos, an American dream account connects them across existing separated programs and across existing education efforts at the State and Federal level. By connecting across these different silos, it deploys a pow-erful new tool and resource for stu-dents, parents, teachers, and mentors. 
Many of the kids I worked with over 
many years at the ‘‘I Have a Dream’’ Foundation have grown up in schools, communities, and families where al-most no one around them had the op-portunity for a college education. These kids took that to mean college just wasn’t for them, that it shouldn’t be a part of their plan for their future. 
As part of that organization, it was 
our job to change that perception, and I saw time and again how sending the message that college was a possibility from elementary school on had a pow-erful and compounding positive impact on these students’ ideas of whom they could be and what they could achieve. It demonstrated that exciting and en-gaging not just young students but their parents, teachers, and an array of mentors has a cumulative, powerful, positive impact. 
The American dream accounts would 
expand on this idea and use modern so-cial networking technology to bring to-gether existing programs and deliver ideas that will work for more and more of our kids. The good news is that by utilizing existing Department of Edu-cation funds, this legislation would come at no additional cost to tax-payers. 
I urge my colleagues to support my 
amendment with Senator R
UBIO. It is 
amendment No. 2127, and it would au-thorize a pilot program to begin mak-ing the American dream accounts a re-ality. 
We have an opportunity right now to 
build on the bill that Senators M
URRAY  
and A LEXANDER wrote to reform our 
public schools in a way that commu-nicates to every child in every public school that they deserve a high-quality education, the kind of education that tells them not only that they should have dreams but that those dreams are within their grasp. 
Mr. President, 55 years after U.S. 
marshals escorted first grader Ruby Bridges to school, the nature of and need for Federal intervention in public education has surely changed. While schools are no longer closed to certain races by law, too many students are dropping out of school too early or just not receiving an education that pre-pares them for college and future suc-cess. So while educational inequality is no 
longer a story of deliberate, legalized racism in need of Federal intervention, it is, unfortunately, still a persistent and tragic national reality that afflicts classrooms from coast to coast. 
We have made significant progress 
due in part to a bipartisan national commitment to raising the bar for all of America’s children. We cannot allow ourselves to lower it once again. 
I look forward to continuing this im-
portant debate and working with my colleagues to make sure this bill strikes the right balance between Fed-eral oversight and local flexibility. We must work together to make sure this bill moves us closer toward the goal President Johnson reached for when he first signed the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act into law. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —EXECUTIVE  
CALENDAR  
Mr. President, I now ask unanimous 
consent that the Senate proceed to ex-ecutive session to consider the fol-lowing nominations: Calendar No. 27, Calendar No. 28, Calendar No. 29, Cal-endar No. 30, and Calendar No. 31, and that the Senate proceed to a vote with-out intervening action or debate on the nominations; that the motions to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate; that no further motions be in order to the nominations; that any related statements be printed in the R
ECORD ; that the President be im-
mediately notified of the Senate’s ac-tion and the Senate then resume legis-lative action. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
The Senator from Arkansas. 
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, reserv-
ing the right to object, and I will ob-ject. 
The reason we should not confirm 
new judges to the Court of Federal Claims has little to do with these nominees and more to do with the court itself. It doesn’t need new judges. We should keep in mind that the num-ber of active judges authorized for the Court of Federal Claims by statute, 16, isn’t a minimum number, it is a max-imum. It is our duty as Senators to de-termine if the court needs that full contingent and to balance judicial needs in light of our obligation to be good stewards of taxpayer dollars. 
What the caseload data shows is that 
the court does not need all 16 judges— far from it. As we can see from this chart, since 2007, the court’s caseload has dropped dramatically and consist-ently every year. Last year, the court had 2,528 cases on its docket. That is 51 percent fewer than in 2011 and 68 per-cent fewer than in 2007, when the court had 7,185 cases on its docket. 
Today, a full-time judge on the court 
is responsible for an average caseload of 180 cases. That is far less than the average caseload of 324 cases in 2011 and the average of 488 cases in 2007. 
In light of the dramatic drop in case-
loads at the court, it is hard to justify 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:25 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.051 S14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5049 July 14, 2015 
spending more money to confirm addi-
tional judges. The court currently also uses a contingent of six senior judges who have retired from active status but can continue to hear cases. While there are currently only 11 active judges, there are actually a total of 17 judges at the court hearing cases. 
Furthermore, we should understand 
that senior judges receive a lifetime annuity worth a full-time salary re-gardless of whether they handle cases. If the Senate confirms the five nomi-nees, this will expand the number of judges receiving a salary at an extra cost of $800,000 every year. 
The bottom line is that there is no 
caseload crisis at the Court of Federal Claims. If anything, there is a caseload shortage. It therefore makes no sense to spend more taxpayer dollars on judges that the court simply does not need. I object. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I ask my 
colleague from Arkansas, through the Chair, first, if we cannot receive con-sent to take up these nominations which were made over 15 months ago as a group. I wish to briefly describe one of the truly exceptional candidates. If I might also, I think it is important for all of us in the Chamber to recognize that the Court of Federal Claims, while the actual number of cases considered may have decreased, faces a steadily increasing number of complex cases which are subject to statutory case management deadlines that drive the workload of the court and have roughly doubled in recent years from 68 back in 2005 to 113 last year and likely double that this year. So the actual number of cases may be declining, but their com-plexity and their workload, because of the need for them to be resolved in a certain period of time, have steadily increased, and I will simply suggest to my colleague from Arkansas that look-ing more broadly at the workload would suggest some of these nominees are worthy of consideration and con-firmation. 
I will briefly reference one of the five 
pending nominees, Jeri Somers, who has spent a decade at the DOJ civil di-vision as a trial attorney but recently retired, having served in the U.S. Air Force Reserves as a lieutenant colonel, having spent two decades as a judge ad-vocate and a military judge in the U.S. Air Force. She is a patriot, a veteran, a highly qualified attorney, and I will simply inquire of my colleague, through the Chair, whether any of the five nominees might be subject for con-sideration for confirmation today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Arkansas. 
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I have 
to object. Again, this is not so much about a particular nominee but the fact that the Court of Federal Claims is operating with 11 active judges, and when you include the senior judges ready, able, and willing to hear cases, they have more than 16 judges allowed by statute, and those judges will con-
tinue to receive their salary even if we confirm any of these new judges. 
Furthermore, as someone who has 
practiced at the Court of Federal Claims myself many moons ago when I was a lawyer, albeit not a very good one, I know the caseload there has al-ways been complex, and I simply think the judges who are at the court are ready, willing, and able to handle the court’s work. Therefore, I must object. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
The Senator from Delaware. Mr. COONS. In conclusion, we have a 
range of highly qualified nominees. Armando Bonilla would be the first Hispanic judge to hold a seat and has been with the Department of Justice. Thomas Halkowski, a third pending nominee, is a respected partner at Fish & Richardson in Wilmington, one of the preeminent IP law firms in the Na-tion, and has a wealth of experience at a variety of different Federal courts. I think all three of the nominees I ref-erenced today will make excellent ad-ditions. While my colleague and I view the caseload differently, I think the President has nominated able and ca-pable nominees and the court needs and deserves to not have to rely on sen-ior status judges to meet its constitu-tional and statutory obligations. 
So, with that, I will yield the floor, 
although I will not yield on the issue. 
I thank the Presiding Officer. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Michigan. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2095 
Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, I rise to 
speak in support of the Peters amend-ment No. 2095. Financial literacy has been defined as the ability to use knowledge and skills to manage finan-cial resources effectively for a lifetime of financial well-being. Unfortunately, too many American families, both par-ents and their children, lack basic fi-nancial skills. Recent studies have shown that future generations are like-ly to be less financially stable than those who preceded them. 
Just last year, the FINRA Investor 
Education Foundation conducted a sur-vey and found that millenials engaged in problematic financial behaviors and expressed concerns about their debt. To address this issue, a number of States have included financial literacy as a core component of high school edu-cation. 
A separate FINRA study found that 
credit scores significantly improved and delinquency rates on credit ac-counts were reduced in States with fi-nancial literacy education. For exam-ple, that study found that credit scores improved by 11 points in Georgia, 16 points in Idaho, and 32 points in Texas. 
There is a clear need for practical 
education programming for both par-ents and students, and we should pro-vide States with the flexibility to pro-vide this programming. That is why I have filed amendment No. 2095. The Peters amendment will include family financial literacy programming as an 
allowable use for title I parent and family engagement funding. 
Family financial literacy program-
ming can ensure our Nation’s parents and children have the skills necessary to properly utilize credit, finance an education, manage a household budget, and plan for retirement. 
I believe we must do all we can to 
help our Nation’s parents and students succeed in every aspect of their lives. 
I thank Senator M
URRAY and Senator 
ALEXANDER for their leadership on this 
bill and for their willingness to work with me on this amendment. I hope my colleagues will join me in supporting the Peters family financial literacy amendment No. 2095. 
Mr. President, in addition to my fi-
nancial literacy amendment, I was happy to work with the chairman and ranking member to include language in the text of the bill that will help us identify and assist our most vulnerable children. The term ‘‘dual status youth’’ refers to children who have come into contact with both the child welfare and juvenile justice systems. 
A growing body of research has 
shown that dual status youth experi-ence poor educational performance, higher recidivism rates, and higher de-tention rates. Many at-risk children lack stable home lives, and they are frequently funneled through the school-to-prison pipeline. I am glad the Every Child Achieves Act now includes language that would encourage States to identify dual status youth and im-prove intervention programs in order to reduce school suspensions, expul-sions, and referrals to law enforcement. 
I was also pleased to join Senator 
G
ARDNER in introducing an amendment 
to allow title I funds to be used to sup-port concurrent and dual enrollment programs at eligible schools. This amendment would enable high school students to simultaneously receive col-lege credit from courses taught by col-lege-approved teachers in secondary education. With the cost of higher edu-cation continuing to grow, helping stu-dents get a head start on completing their college courses helps them save money and get ahead. 
I am proud that this body approved 
the Gardner-Peters amendment last week. This provision will make the dream of higher education more acces-sible to students in Michigan and across the country. 
WORKING AMERICANS AND OVERTIME PAY  
Mr. President, I wish to speak at this 
time in strong support of plans to in-crease our Nation’s overtime pay threshold for the first time in over a decade and restore meaning to a threshold that has significantly eroded over the last 40 years. 
In 1938, Congress passed the Fair 
Labor Standards Act and President Franklin Delano Roosevelt signed the bill into law. This landmark legislation represents an important promise that is as true today as it was 77 years ago— that if you work hard and play by the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.052 S14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5050 July 14, 2015 
rules, you will have a secure future. 
Ensuring fair overtime pay for employ-ees is one of the most critical compo-nents of the Fair Labor Standards Act. It ensures that hard-working Ameri-cans are able to make an honest wage for their hard work. For middle-class families, who are the backbone of our country, and for those families work-ing hard to get there, we must protect the important safeguards put in place by the Fair Labor Standards Act. 
I personally learned the value of hard 
work and the importance of protecting labor standards for all Americans from my mother, Madeleine. Born a French citizen, she met my father during World War II, married him, and moved to this country. She later worked as a nurse’s aide. While she enjoyed work-ing with her patients, she did not like the way she or her coworkers were treated by their employer, so she fought for a better workplace and ulti-mately to win union representation. She later went on to serve as a union steward. 
A strong labor movement nationwide 
helped build economic opportunity for millions of Americans just like my mother. Standing together to call for fair wages, safer work places, and bet-ter hours, American workers and their families helped build the American middle class and make the American dream a reality for regular folks. 
The strong protections of the Fair 
Labor Standards Act helped ensure that American workers have a min-imum wage, a 40-hour workweek, and overtime pay. Unfortunately, we have allowed these protections to fall behind present-day needs. Today, growing in-come inequality and stagnant wages are a serious threat to our middle class, to our economy, and to our de-mocracy. 
Americans are working harder and 
harder only to fall further and further behind, receiving less and less pay for their long hours. Middle-class families are struggling to stay afloat, and those who aspire to be in the middle class are finding it more and more difficult to achieve. 
Today, some employees are required 
to put in 50 or 60 hours or more a week and are not receiving any overtime pay for their efforts. Our Nation’s overtime pay rules are long overdue for an up-date. Decades of inflation have out-paced the current overtime pay thresh-old of $23,600 and eroded the value of an honest paycheck for millions of hard- working Americans. This means a worker earning only $23,600 gets paid the same whether they are working 40 hours or 60 hours in a week. That is simply unacceptable. This is not a fair wage, and it is not the American dream we fought to secure for generations. 
If we are truly committed to building 
a strong American economy, then we have to make sure American families can thrive. Raising the salary thresh-old for overtime pay will help nearly 5 million workers across the country and as many as 100,000 workers in Michigan earn better wages for their hard work. 
The pillars used to build and grow 
our middle class and support our de-mocracy are in jeopardy of crumbling if we do not stand up and protect them. 
The American middle class and those who aspire to be in it are the heart and soul of our country, and we have an ob-ligation to help every family nation-wide realize their version of the Amer-ican dream. 
My home State of Michigan is the 
birthplace of our Nation’s auto indus-try, where American workers and their families helped build the middle class and make the American dream a re-ality for millions of people. We owe it to our future generations to preserve this legacy. 
I know there are some who do not be-
lieve we should update the overtime pay rules. They will oppose this rule saying it is a harmful attack on our Nation’s business community. Well, I strongly disagree with that position. 
Prior to coming to Congress, I 
worked in business for more than 20 years and I hired many people. I found that paying employees a fair wage is the best way to ensure a happy and productive workforce. It is good busi-ness, and it is the right thing to do. Providing a fair paycheck to hard- working Americans so they can build their family and own a home and help save for their children’s college edu-cation as well as enjoy a secure retire-ment is good for business and it is good for our country. Workers who are paid fairly for their work are able to spend their hard-earned money in their com-munities, creating new customers for local businesses and in the process help our economy grow. If we invest in American workers—the best and brightest in the world—we will get a strong return on that investment. 
Enforcing the Fair Labor Standards 
Act gives American workers a fair wage for a fair day’s work, and it will help keep the possibility of the Amer-ican dream alive. We must do what is right for our workers. Updating the overtime pay rule will give millions of Americans a wage increase that they have earned and provide economic sta-bility and security for hard-working families, while boosting our economy. 
I am proud to support these efforts, 
and I urge my colleagues to do the same. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from South Dakota. 
NUCLEAR AGREEMENT WITH IRAN  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I wish to 
begin by taking a few moments to dis-cuss the nuclear deal with Iran that was announced this morning. While I am still reviewing the intricacies of the deal, right now I am deeply skep-tical that this agreement will prevent Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapon. 
The Obama administration appears 
to have capitulated on almost every redline it established at the outset, and I have strong doubts about whether the final provisions requiring inspections and curtailing enrichment and research and development are strong enough to be effective. 
Another significant concern is the 
fact that removal of sanctions will give Iran access to billions of dollars and other resources to fund its campaign for increased regional influence, which includes proxy wars and material sup-
port for terrorist organizations. In fact, if we look at almost anywhere in the Middle East, whether it is Hezbollah in Lebanon or Hamas in the Gaza Strip or the Houthis in Yemen or the Shia militias in Iraq, they all trace their lineage back to and are proxies for Iran. 
I am deeply concerned about the fact 
that the deal creates a timeline for lifting the embargo on conventional and ballistic weapons without requir-ing Iran to change its behavior in any meaningful way. Given that Iran is the world’s leading state sponsor of ter-rorism and is already intervening in conflicts in the region, the last thing we should be doing is expanding Iran’s access to weapons. 
In the lead-up to this agreement, 
Members of both parties expressed their concerns about the direction this deal was headed, and the release of the final document has confirmed many of those fears. Unfortunately, the Presi-dent is apparently unwilling to listen to Members of either party, and in his speech this morning he threatened to veto any legislation that would prevent his deal from going into effect. Well, that is very disappointing, and it lends credence to the concern that the Presi-dent is more worried about securing his political legacy than he is about actu-ally preventing Iran from acquiring a weapon. 
Regardless of his veto threat, Mem-
bers of both parties will carefully ex-amine this deal and continue to do ev-erything we can to ensure Iran never acquires a nuclear weapon. 
Mr. President, I wish to speak as well 
this week about what the Senate is currently doing. The Senate is taking a huge step forward on education. 
Nearly 8 years after No Child Left 
Behind expired, Congress is finally tak-ing up legislation to reauthorize Fed-eral K–12 education programs. While the law’s focus on improving education for our students was laudable, No Child Left Behind must be updated. The Every Child Achieves Act—the legisla-tion we are considering this week—will restore control of education to the peo-ple who know students best: teachers, parents, and local school boards. 
Just 10 percent of education funding 
each year comes from the Federal Gov-ernment. Despite this, the Federal Government has a huge oversight role in education. Every day, teachers and administrators and students have their day shaped by a host of Federal man-dates, from testing requirements to precisely what to do if a school is deemed ‘‘failing.’’ 
Federal control of education has 
reached its peak in recent years, with the Federal Government going so far as to coerce States into adopting its pre-ferred curriculum and educational standards. 
No Child Left Behind demanded that 
schools meet a number of benchmarks to be judged as adequate. Failure to meet these requirements would result in a school being labeled as failing. Un-fortunately, the rigid nature of these standards meant that many schools 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.054 S14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5051 July 14, 2015 
were at risk of being labeled as failing. 
In response, States have made it a habit to apply to the Federal Govern-ment for waivers from the terms of the law so they can avoid the burdensome requirements that come along with the ‘‘failing’’ label. The Obama administra-tion has generally complied—but with Federal strings attached. Essentially, the administration informs States that it is happy to grant them waivers as long as they agree to implement the Federal Government’s preferred aca-demic standards, adopt the Federal Government’s preferred method of evaluating teachers, and take the steps the Federal Government believes are the appropriate steps to address failing schools. 
Neither Congress nor the administra-
tion should be telling States and local communities what to teach in their schools. Decisions about education should be made by those who actually educate students, not by a group of bu-reaucrats or politicians in Washington, DC. 
As any teacher will tell us, education 
is not a one-size-fits-all proposition. Even within a single classroom, stu-dents are likely to come from a wide variety of backgrounds and experiences and have different learning styles. Teachers are constantly adapting their methods and material to meet the needs of the particular students they have in front of them. That is a lot harder to do when Washington is dic-tating those methods. 
The legislation we are considering 
today—the Every Child Achieves Act— will revoke the Federal Government’s authority to dictate standards to the States. Specifically, this legislation ex-plicitly prohibits the Federal Govern-ment from tying Federal funds to a State’s adoption of specific educational standards. In other words, the Federal Government will no longer be able to blackmail States into adopting its pre-ferred academic criteria. 
This is a huge victory for students 
and for teachers. Thanks to this legis-lation, States and localities will have much more freedom to adopt the stand-ards and curricula that will help their students achieve. 
Another one of the problems created 
by No Child Left Behind, as any parent or teacher will tell you, is the phe-nomenon of overtesting. I have re-ceived hundreds of letters this year from teachers and parents concerned about the effect overtesting is having on students’ education. 
While NCLB only required two or 
three tests per year, the law made these tests the primary indicator of a school’s performance, which resulted in many schools deciding to teach to the test. The result? Not surprisingly, in-stead of teachers deciding what is im-portant material based upon their knowledge of their subject, teachers’ instructional priorities are often dic-tated by the material they think will be on the required tests. As a result, students may never receive instruction in important topics or concepts simply 
because they are not covered on the tests. In addition, instead of one or two yearly tests required by law, students are subject to months of preparatory testing in order to make sure the school maintains its ranking by gain-ing acceptable average scores on the mandated tests. 
It is undoubtedly true that the tests, 
including standardized tests, can be in-credibly useful in the teaching process both as a diagnostic tool and as a measurement of student progress, but problems arise when tests become the only measure of progress. 
The Every Child Achieves Act keeps 
the testing requirements of No Child Left Behind but gives States the option to give a single comprehensive test, as they do now, or break up the assess-ment into smaller components that can be given throughout the school year. 
Most importantly, the Every Child 
Achieves Act removes test results as the primary indicator of a school’s per-formance. In fact, it takes progress measurements out of the hands of the Federal Government entirely and gives them to the States. Under this bill, States, not the Federal Government, will be the ones developing account-ability systems to measure schools’ ef-fectiveness. Instead of a one-size-fits- all Federal standard, each State will be able to identify the best ways to chart the progress of its schools and measure student performance. 
In addition, the Every Child Achieves 
Act removes the Federal Government’s national teacher evaluation require-ments and allows States to decide whether and how to measure the effec-tiveness of their teachers. 
I have offered several amendments to 
the Every Child Achieves Act, includ-ing two very important measures to address the tragic rash of student sui-cides that has beset Indian Country over the past several months. The first of these amendments would require the Secretary of Education to coordinate with the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Health and Human Services to report on their Federal re-sponse to these suicides, compile and analyze available Federal resources, and make recommendations for im-proving Federal programs. The second measure would strengthen the Project School Emergency Response to Vio-lence Program—or Project SERV—to help schools prevent tragedies such as youth suicide. I am hopeful that the Senate will pass both of these meas-ures. 
I am also pleased that the underlying 
bill contains important improvements that I championed to the Federal Im-pact Aid Program—a program that pro-vides districts with revenue to make up for nontaxable Federal activity in school districts. 
The reforms contained in the Every 
Child Achieves Act have been a long time coming, and they have been greet-ed eagerly. This bill is supported by ev-eryone from the school superintendents organization, to the National Gov-
ernors Association, to Teach for Amer-ica. And, of course, this legislation is strongly supported by both Repub-licans and Democrats in the Senate. 
One big reason a No Child Left Be-
hind reauthorization has moved from legislation no Member of Congress wanted to touch to the bipartisan bill that is before us today is Republicans’ commitment to restoring regular order to the Senate. We have restored the committee process and ensured that Members of both parties are able to make their voices heard through amendments. The result is legislation like the Every Child Achieves Act—a bill with strong bipartisan authorship and strong bipartisan support. I hope we will have many more achievements like this in the Republican-led Senate this year. 
We need to get control out of the 
hands of Washington bureaucrats—peo-ple who have never been to South Da-kota, much less a South Dakota school. They shouldn’t be telling South Dakota teachers what to teach. The legislation before us today will help strengthen education in this country by putting decisionmaking about edu-cation where it belongs—in the hands of State and local school districts. I look forward to the Senate passing this bill later this week. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
G
ARDNER ). The Senator from North 
Carolina. 
Mr. BURR. Mr. President, I thank my 
colleague from South Dakota for high-lighting the real benefits of doing away with No Child Left Behind, breaking down the national school board, and saying to States and localities across this country: We ought to put you in charge of K-through-12 education. 
That is where the responsibility 
needs to be. That is where we will have decisions closer to students. And I don’t think there is disagreement among Members of the Senate or Con-gress or Republicans or Democrats or people from the North or the South— we want to make sure K-through-12 education works. Every child should get across the goal line to graduation, and every child with a diploma should be marketable either to higher edu-cation or to a job with a skill that has a paycheck. 
I will say that the Federal Govern-
ment’s role is not to micromanage the education system; it is to be a financial partner to K-through-12 education, to be a partner without strings, and to be a partner that provides equity across the board. 
So I am here to talk about the Full 
Education Opportunity Act of 2015, which I hope will be an amendment to this bill. Title I-A is the Federal Gov-ernment’s central financial assistance to 21 million poor children in America. They attend school districts with high levels of poverty, and the kids come from low-income families. They define exactly what the Federal Government 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.055 S14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5052 July 14, 2015 
should be focused on. It has served as 
the cornerstone of the Federal Govern-ment’s education funding for K through 12 since elementary and sec-ondary education was first signed into law in 1965. At the bill signing, Presi-dent Lyndon Johnson said that the as-sistance provided under ESEA would serve to assist in the ‘‘full educational opportunity’’ of low-income students and to provide ‘‘financial assistance to school districts serving areas with con-centrations of children from low-in-come families.’’ That summed it up in two sentences. That is what the Fed-eral Government’s funding source was designed to meet. 
So what has happened since 1965? 
Like every other funding formula in the Federal Government, as the popu-lation shifted somewhere else in the country, money never seemed to follow it. 
We had this debate several years ago 
on HIV-AIDS when we woke up one day and realized how much we were invest-ing in the war against HIV-AIDS to keep people alive and find a cure, and we found towns like Washington that were getting a phenomenal amount of money but their HIV-AIDS population had gone down, and throughout rural America, we had an explosion of HIV- AIDS, primarily in African-American women. We worked and we worked and we worked, and we finally changed the legislation to reflect what the intent was so that the money followed the population it was intended to help. Today, there are individuals across this country in rural America who are now getting the drugs they need to either hold in check the disease or in hopes to slow its progression. 
Well, I am here today because in 1965 
Lyndon Johnson said that is the Fed-eral Government’s role—to make sure we target low-income families, kids in poverty. 
Despite recognizing that these for-
mula funds were not fully targeted at high-poverty areas, Congress has sim-ply taken the easy route and added more formulas to title I-A in hopes that by putting more formulas out there, eventually it would help the peo-ple who were affected. Well, what it has done is it has compounded the problem. 
The inadequacies in how we target 
poverty today just aren’t right. My amendment attempts to end this prac-tice and creates a simple, highly tar-geted program toward poverty with a new formula. 
First, what does it do? It is impor-
tant to make clear that this amend-ment only addresses title I formulas. It is not the overall funding—that is for appropriators to determine—but it is to structure the formula. 
I am a strong supporter of title I 
funding, and I believe, regardless of the amount at which title I is funded, it should be distributed fairly and tar-geted to its intended population, which is kids in poverty, low-income families. Simply adding more funds still allows the inequities in the formula to persist. That is why I am attempting to fix the 
formula once and for all. 
This amendment consolidates all of 
title I’s formulas into one simple for-mula called equity grants. Let me say this. It simplifies I-A so that the cal-culation, put very simply, is equity grants equal the State’s number of poor children times the national aver-age of educating each child. It ends the policy that awards a wealthy State with title I money simply because they are able to spend more on education and therefore they get a higher allot-ment as a result. For decades, this has penalized poorer States that spend high shares of their tax revenue on edu-cation but don’t spend as much in abso-lute terms as wealthier States. This change ensures that poor children born in a poor State aren’t penalized be-cause of their ZIP Code and for not liv-ing in a wealthy State elsewhere in the country. 
Why will equity grants work and 
where are they targeted? Very simply, this formula takes the number of low- income children in a State, multiplies that by how equitably a State spends its own money on helping low-income children, and then sends the amount to the school district in the State, while placing heavy weights on the school districts that exhibit the highest levels of poverty—embraced in the 1965 initia-tive of President Johnson. 
Current law rewards States that 
spend a much higher amount of money on their students than poorer States that, despite spending large shares of their overall budget on education, can-not compete with wealthier States in absolute dollars. Essentially, as long as you are above the national average in spending, you get a very large title I bonus payment. For example, the na-tional average per-pupil education spending in the country is $11,014. For States such as Pennsylvania, it is $13,864; Massachusetts, $14,515; and Con-necticut, $16,631 per pupil. This has been a pretty good deal for them. For States such as Mississippi, it is $8,130; North Carolina, $8,090; and Utah spends $6,555—not so good a deal. Who gets cheated? The kids in poverty, kids from low-income families. 
Rewarding wealth over poverty is 
also contrary to the original purpose of title I-A funding. This has a real im-pact on how much a formula child will receive based upon the State in which he or she lives. For example, a child in Guilford County, NC, is only worth $1,128. A poor child in Albuquerque, NM, is only worth $1,158. A poor child in Seattle is only worth $1,240. On the other hand, a poor child in Philadel-phia is worth $1,986. A poor child in New Jersey is worth $1,838. A poor child in Boston, MA, is worth $1,847. This is a highly inequitable and unfair formula to the poor children in most States. Because of the changes in this amend-ment, these disparities go away. They are almost completely eliminated. 
Eliminating this provision has been 
suggested by organizations like the Center for American Progress, the For-
mula Fairness Campaign, the Rural School and Community Trust, and oth-ers. These are not conservative groups. These are very left-of-center groups who said equity is important. 
No States should get a bonus pay-
ment just because they spend more or they are wealthy. The focus since 1965 was supposed to be kids in poverty. If you have more kids in poverty, you should receive a larger Federal share. 
This amendment also addresses the 
bonus that very large districts that might have small numbers of poverty have enjoyed. Under the current law, a district must meet a $6,500 formula child threshold to receive concentra-tion grants. This has typically resulted in purely large and not necessarily high-concentration impoverished dis-tricts receiving large grant awards. This hurts smaller, mostly rural dis-tricts with large percentages of pov-erty but not necessarily high numbers. To fix this, we impart a 20-percent pov-erty test within the equity grant for large districts to show that they have a concentration of poverty. 
Now, this is a novel approach. We 
have a formula that is targeted to be a Federal partner in money, targeted at kids in poverty, and all of a sudden we are asking them: Show us that you have that population. Under the cur-rent law, districts also receive title I-A dollars for merely meeting a small threshold of 10 formula kids or just 2 percent of their overall population being poor. 
This has meant that schools in 
Loudoun County, VA—I am sure there are some in here who might have grad-uated from Loudoun County schools or have kids in Loudoun County schools— have only 3 percent poor children. It is one of the wealthiest counties in Amer-ica. It receives about a $1 million as part of an overall nearly $1 billion budget. This is about half the entire spending of the State of South Dakota, which the previous speaker is from. 
Now, should he be cheated because 
they do not spend as much as Virginia, though he has kids in poverty, low-in-come families, individuals to whom in 1965 the Congress and the President said: This is who we should target—we the Federal Government on behalf of taxpayers. Well, this hurts smaller, rural districts with large percentages of poverty but not necessarily high numbers. 
Under current law, it is not going to 
change. We should do our best to send the money to districts in States that are truly in need by focusing the for-mula on poverty. Now, sometimes it is easier to see than it is to listen. This is the amendment—the Full Educational Opportunity Act. What do we do? It treats all low-income children the same. I think that is what the Federal Government is supposed to do—to tar-get the poorest communities. That was the spirit of the 1965 law—to prioritize equity, meaning everybody should be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.057 S14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5053 July 14, 2015 
treated equal, that you should not dis-
advantage a poor child in one area to advantage a system in another area. 
Is it fair? A title I child versus a title 
I child? Denver, CO, $1,218; Boston, MA, $1,847; Miami, FL, $1,212; Philadelphia, PA, $1,986; Albuquerque, NM, $1,158; New Haven, CT, $1,717; Portland, OR, $1,292; Camden, NJ, $2,083; Seattle, WA, $1,240; New York City, $1,839—if I am over here, I think this funding formula is awfully good because we are getting rewarded whether we have poverty kids or not. 
Over here, who is being hurt? It is 
not the States. People have come down to the floor, and they have beaten me up on this amendment for the last few days. Oh, how could you do this? How could you take away something that we have already got? It is real simple. You don’t have low-income poverty kids or at least you don’t have as much as here. If you did you would qualify under the new formula. 
But it gets worse. Fair? Florida has 
the same number of low-income stu-dents, 690,000, as New York, 686,00. What is the distribution of title I funds? It is $774 million, $1.1 billion— the same population but New York re-ceives $400 million more than the State of Florida. How can that be fair? Now, you can be greedy and say: We deserve it; that is what the formula said. You cannot punish us because this is not equitable. 
Well, maybe we can. But for once, 
Congress can do the right thing and fix the formula. That is all I am on the floor attempting to do with my amend-ment—to fix it. Since 1965 we have not had the backbone to do it when we fig-ured out it was wrong. Well, when we see this, if it is targeted for low-income kids and they have the same numbers, they ought to get the same money. But no, some believe that $400 million is worth it because they have always got-ten more. 
Here is New Mexico versus Massachu-
setts. There are 107,000 low-income stu-dents in New Mexico and 80,000 low-in-come students in Massachusetts. New Mexico receives $116 million. Massa-chusetts receives $116 million. It is the same amount of money, but there are 27,000 more low-income poverty kids in New Mexico. What do you say to a child in New Mexico that just happened to grow up in a poor family? You don’t get to get as good an education. You should be have been born in Massachu-setts. This is the Federal Government doing it with taxpayer money, and we don’t have a problem with this. 
My God, this is at the heart of what 
the Federal Government is supposed to do. There are individuals who come down here and talk about equitable treatment all the time. This is the most unequal thing that can exist. Yet some would block this amendment from coming to the floor. Is this fair? This is title I-A allocation per poor child: Florida, $1,284; New York, $1,611; Minnesota, $1,189; Massachusetts, $1,453; Oregon, $1,149; Maryland, $1,585; Washington, $1,127; Connecticut, $1,447; 
New Mexico, $1,093; Pennsylvania, $1,517. It does not matter how you slice it. They get more. They get more if they do not have the population to sup-port it. 
So who is getting more than their 
fair share? Boy, pictures speak louder than words. Look at that. The green States get more money. The white States, even though they have kids in poverty, they do not get an equitable distribution of Federal money through the title I-A program. It is embar-rassing. It is embarrassing to Congress that we did not change this a long time ago. 
For poor children who lose under the 
current formula, this is the reverse. Now, it is the kids who live in the States that are red that get cheated. They get cheated based upon the 1965 initiative under Lyndon Johnson, signed into law after Congress passed it—the Early Childhood Program, ele-mentary and secondary education. I do not think I have ever seen an issue that broadly affects America where there was this much disparity in equi-table distribution of Federal dollars. As a matter of fact, I would say it could not happen. But not only did it happen, people argue that this is fair. Well, all I can say is that if you say this is fair, then you are not focused on what this formula was designed to do, and that is to target low-income kids in poverty. 
But you know it does not stop there. 
Let’s go further. Let me take my State of North Carolina, with 391,000 low-in-come students. We get $417 million in title I-A money. Pennsylvania has 357,000 low-income students. They get $542 million in title I money. So I have 34,000 more low-income children, but I am asked to be satisfied with $125 mil-lion less in money to target low-in-come kids in poverty. 
Now, I think I am being pretty diplo-
matic when I come down here and show things like this. This is what America hates. This is what makes them sick. This is what they think is a great ex-ample that we don’t have a sense of re-ality. What do you say to a kid in North Carolina who struggles through K-through-12 education when you say: You are worth $125 million less if you are in poverty than the investment we are going to make in Pennsylvania. 
Well, it is only appropriate that the 
Presiding Officer would be from Colo-rado, which has 143,000 low-income stu-dents and receives $150 million. Mary-land has 124,000 low-income students and receives $196 million. There are 19,000 more low-income students in Col-orado, but you get $46 million less. I am sure the Presiding Officer has the same hard time I do going back to Col-orado and saying: Don’t worry; this is fair. This is fair because it has been this way for 25 years. 
The money is supposed to follow the 
population we are targeting to be in-vested in. In this particular case, it is the most at-risk in our country, from getting the tools they need to getting a 
job that has a paycheck. Fair? 
Nevada, the minority leader’s State 
has 102,000 low-income students. They get $116 million. Connecticut has 80,000 low-income students. They get $116 million. Well, if I were from Nevada, I would be furious at this. You would think that if you get the same amount of money, you should at least have the same amount of kids in poverty, be-cause that is what the formula was de-signed to do. 
But no, wealthy States have found 
ways to game it by getting bonus pay-ments. Fair? 
Indiana, the State of the previous 
Presiding Officer before this one, has 235,000 low-income students. They get $256 million in Indiana. There are 228,000 low-income students in New Jer-sey. They get $331 million—7,000 more low-income students in Indiana and somehow New Jersey gets $75 million more than Indiana. This is sort of em-barrassing. Some find no shame in this: We are just out for as much money as our State can get. 
Let me say to my colleagues that I 
don’t know what the outcome of this amendment is going to be. But let me ask you for 1 minute to put the wind-fall your State is getting aside and ask yourself this: Do we have an obliga-tion, based upon how elementary and secondary education was perceived and conceived in 1965, to actually make sure that the money follows where kids in poverty are? 
If not, don’t come down here and talk 
about equity on every other funding formula. Don’t say that money should follow people, when you have the most at-risk population, kids in poverty, and we are talking educating them to where they can function in society, to where they can get a job and a pay-check and not be a ward of anybody, where they can be independent and enjoy every opportunity this country has to offer. 
Well, you cannot be for that and be 
against this amendment. You cannot be for those kids and not fund them where every State is red. It cannot happen. But over history, just like other things, this creates winners and a lot of losers. But let me suggest to you that you take these lines away, and you just see the United States of America. Who should be the winners? Every kid in poverty. 
Every kid born into a low-income 
family should be the recipient of title I-A money in an equal capacity because they should have as good an oppor-tunity and a future—an economic fu-ture—regardless of the State they live in, regardless of the ZIP Code. Regard-less of whether they are in rural Amer-ica or urban America, there shouldn’t be a discrepancy. This rights a very bad wrong. This makes it work for all kids in poverty—not some kids, not school districts that are wealthy, but all kids in poverty. 
Let me just say for my colleagues 
that it is not going to happen unless we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.058 S14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5054 July 14, 2015 
have a backbone that is strong enough 
to actually bring an amendment up and vote on it. I am willing to do that. I am willing to roll the dice. 
Look at the number of States that 
benefit from this—and I said that wrong. Look at the number of kids that benefit from this change. This is not about States, and it is not about parties. This is about kids. It is what this act was created for in 1965, and I can’t find the reason as to why Con-gress didn’t fix it before 2015. But the fact is that we are talking about reau-thorizing the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act. It happens about once every 10 years. We have an opportunity to fix this inequity now. 
I don’t want to look back and say: I 
had an opportunity to fix it, but, you know, that was hard. It was difficult. It meant that there were winners and los-ers. 
Everybody cannot be a winner when 
some take advantage of the system like this has. Well, there is only one way to make everybody a winner, and that is to fix the formula. Regardless of how long it takes us to work out of it, we can fix it from this point forward. 
I urge my colleagues, if given the op-
portunity to vote on the Burr-Bennet Full Educational Opportunity Act, to support it. I can’t believe I am in the Senate saying ‘‘if, if, if’’ we are given an opportunity to actually bring up a germane, relevant amendment that af-fects every kid in poverty in the United States. I can’t imagine the Senate is not willing to debate and vote on that amendment. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I 
am not sure what the intentions are of the chairman of the energy committee. As chairman, I would be delighted to yield to her if she is going to take some time on the floor, and I would need about 10 minutes for my remarks. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alaska. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, it 
was my understanding that I was next in the queue. If I am incorrect, I would be happy to get this squared away. I, too, have about 15 minutes. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I 
am happy to yield. I thought we went back and forth from side to side ordi-narily, but I am very happy to yield. I have a chairman who is a very busy person. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alaska. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. I thank my col-
league from Rhode Island, and I thank him for the opportunity to speak di-rectly to this bill this afternoon. 
Mr. President, I wish to speak briefly 
about the measure we have on the floor today, the Every Child Achieves Act, the bill where we have all been waiting for about 15 years to fix the flawed one- size-fits-all No Child Left Behind Act. 
I begin my comments by thanking 
Senator A
LEXANDER , who is the chair-man, as well as Senator M URRAY , the 
ranking member, for how they have managed this legislation from the very beginning. 
I think we know there is a little bit 
of inside baseball that goes on around here that perhaps isn’t interesting to many. But I think it is important to note that Chairman A
LEXANDER and 
Ranking Member M URRAY have led this 
bill in a way that has fostered con-sensus building and, I think, very con-structive negotiations. 
More importantly, in the process 
they allowed the voices of the Amer-ican people—of Alaskans—to be heard. I think that was one of the reasons why we saw this legislation move unani-mously through the HELP Committee in April, and I think that is one of the reasons that you are seeing us move through a series of amendments on issues that are considerable but in a very constructive manner and cer-tainly respectful of one another. So I wish to acknowledge and recognize the masterful work they have done in guid-ing this bill forward. 
I also wish to recognize the work of 
my staff. Karen McCarthy on my staff has done yeoman’s work in working with so many Alaskans, educators, ad-ministrators, and the like. That has been an effort that I think has yielded benefit to folks in my home State. But I also wish to recognize the work of those on both Senator M
URRAY ’s staff 
as well as Senator A LEXANDER ’s—very 
hard-working professional staff who are a credit to their Senators and their State. 
So why am I standing today before 
you in support of the Every Child Achieves Act? 
When Alaskans are visiting about the 
education bill that we know as No Child Left Behind, it is clear that to a number—whether you are an educator, whether it is students, parents, tribes; it didn’t make any difference—nobody was happy. The one-size-fits-all man-date, poor tribal consultation, and the lack of State and local control over our children’s education clearly were not working. 
I say that one of the first immersions 
into politics I had was when I was a PTA president at my son’s elementary school. That, for me, was my first in-troduction to what the mandates meant that were coming out of No Child Left Behind when our school was deemed as a failure because we failed to meet AYP because of the 31 different ways to fail. We certainly made it by not having sufficient subgroups taking the test on the day that the test was required. Our neighborhood school was a failure. It didn’t seem to me that it made sense and still does not. 
So I make sure to take that experi-
ence as a mom, as a PTA president, and as one for whom No Child Left Behind was not just some theoretical exercise. It was Federal law imposed in my town and in my schools, which had a nega-tive and a direct impact on those who were part of our school. So my top priority was to make sure 
that any rewrite of No Child Left Be-hind gave more power to make deci-sions about Alaska’s schools to Alaska and to our local communities. 
The failed experiment of adequate 
yearly progress had to go. Under the Every Child Achieves Act, that is done. 
The failed highly qualified teacher 
mandates that made little sense and also did not work had to go, and they are gone. States will again be able to decide what qualifications and skills to demand of teachers and principals, whether to have a statewide evaluation system, and, if so, whether those eval-uations consider growth in student pro-ficiency. 
Now, I am very aware that some 
across the country—in fact, I have heard from some in Alaska—are con-cerned that the Every Child Achieves Act does not do enough to return local control to schools, that it perpetuates, somehow, the common core standards. In fact, the Every Child Achieves Act specifically and expressly prohibits the Secretary from having any authority to ‘‘mandate, direct, control, coerce, or exercise any direction or supervision over any of the challenging State aca-demic standards adopted or imple-mented by a State.’’ 
Now I have also heard that some are 
concerned that the bill maintains sec-retarial approval of State plans, with the implication then that the Sec-retary will be able to change or deny elements of State plans, whether it is State standards, assessments or ac-countability systems, as somehow a condition of approval. But the Every Child Achieves Act also places a num-ber of limitations on the Secretary’s authority over the State’s plans. 
The act prohibits the Secretary from 
requiring a State to include or delete any element of its State standards from the State plans, use specific as-sessment instruments or items, set goals, timelines, weights or signifi-cance to any indicators of student pro-ficiency, include or delete from the plan standards, measures, assessment, student growth benchmarks or goals of student achievement for school ac-countability, as well as any aspect of teacher or principal quality, effective-ness or evaluations systems, or require any data collection beyond current re-porting requirements. There are simi-lar prohibitions that are scattered throughout the Every Child Achieves Act. 
In short, I am confident that the act 
returns control of State standards, cur-riculum, instruction, assessments, edu-cator qualifications, and school ac-countability to the State of Alaska, and that is where I want it to be. 
I also have other reasons for sup-
porting the act that will directly im-pact students, parents, educators, and communities across Alaska in a posi-
tive way and with provisions that Alas-kans ask for most specifically. 
I acknowledge the work that I was 
able to do with Senator B
OXER . To-
gether we worked to craft the support 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:05 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.060 S14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5055 July 14, 2015 
for the Afterschool for America’s Chil-
dren Act. She and I worked on this bill to update and strengthen the 21st Com-munity Learning Centers afterschool 
program across the country. We worked with a number of other Mem-bers in the Senate to make sure that this important program—the program that keeps our children safe and en-gaged after school and during the sum-mer—works for all of our States. 
We worked with the chairman and 
ranking member, and after a lot of good negotiation, the Afterschool for America’s Children Act, with some amendment, was included in the Every Child Achieves Act, and this was done by unanimous consent in the HELP Committee, which I appreciate. 
On the issue of how we ensure that 
our Native children are cared for and addressed in a real and meaningful way, there were several provisions that we were able to include in the act to better meet the needs of Native chil-dren. 
At my request, the act requires the 
States and school districts, where ap-plicable, to consult and engage with the American Indian, Alaska Native or Native Hawaiian tribes and parents in creating State and local plans and in implementing Federal education pro-grams that serve Native students in order to meet their cultural language and education needs. These are our Na-tion’s first peoples, with whom the United States has a constitutionally mandated responsibility to interact with on a government-to-government basis. So I think it is time that our tribes and our Native organizations throughout the country were part of designing the plans and shaping the programs used to improve schools that serve our Native students. 
Senator F
RANKEN and I, working with 
Senator T ESTER , were able to include a 
new program in the Every Child Achieves Act to help our Nation’s first peoples maintain and revitalize their Native languages through the schools. This is a new grant program that will support the creation, the improvement, and the expansion of Native language immersion schools in which Alaska Na-tive, American Indian, and Native Ha-waiian students learn their lessons through ancestral languages. This op-portunity will help preserve the fast- vanishing Native languages of our first peoples. 
So what we worked to do within the 
program was that the Native Alaskan language immersion schools and pro-grams will help Native language im-mersion schools develop curriculum and assessments, provide professional development to teachers and other staff, and carry out activities that will promote the maintenance and revital-ization of these endangered languages. 
This is a provision where I really am 
quite proud of what we have been able to do, working with our colleagues to make sure that we do not lose that focus in this important act. 
We also eliminate some technical 
redtape that makes it nearly impos-sible for Alaska’s rural school districts 
to claim impact aid dollars to which they are entitled just because NCLB and the Alaska Native Claims Settle-ment Act didn’t play well together. While it is more complicated to ex-plain, I just leave it by saying that many rural Alaskan school districts are no longer going to have to bang 
their heads against a brick wall of il-logical and contradictory Federal rules after this provision is enacted. And that is always a good thing. 
I would point out that fixing this 
problem started because a handful of schools, business officials, and super-intendents took the time to reach out to me to let me know: We have a prob-lem here. This is really one of those ex-amples where working together we are all building legislation. 
I am also quite proud to have helped 
move strong improvements to the Alas-ka Native Education Equity Program. We call it ANEP in this legislation. For some years now, Alaska Native leaders have asked: Why do schools get all of the title VII Indian education money and most of the ANEP funding. They explained that they are more than ready to take on responsibility to help their children achieve in school. Alas-
ka Native leaders have a valuable and, indeed, indispensable role to play in de-signing and implementing programs to help our children succeed. These are sound arguments. 
While Alaska receives no funding 
from the Bureau of Indian Education, and our schools receive the title VII, part A funding, the government-to-gov-ernment relationship between the Fed-eral Government and Alaska tribes and Native organizations has not been fully honored under ANEP. 
Under the amendments we include in 
the act, ANEP funds will either go di-rectly to tribes and Native organiza-tions that have expertise running edu-cation programs or the funds will go to tribes and Native organizations with-out such experience that partner with school districts. In addition, tribes and tribal organizations may partner with the university and other Non-Native entities if they so choose. This will not only honor our constitutional relation-ship to Alaska Natives but ensure that they can take on more responsibility for helping their children succeed, which, again, is the right thing to do. 
In closing, I wish to say that the 
Every Child Achieves Act is a good piece of legislation, and it is getting better with each day as we consider ad-ditional amendments. It is far better than what we ever had with No Child Left Behind. 
While I am positive that each of us 
will have more thoughts about how this could be a better bill, be a more perfect piece of legislation if only one or two more changes were made, on the whole this is a sound improvement over the current, failed law. I certainly intend to be supportive as we move through the end of this process. 
With that, I appreciate the courtesy 
of my colleague from Rhode Island in deferring, and know that when I have a 
similar opportunity to yield to the Senator, I shall do so. 
With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I 
wish to join Chairman M
URKOWSKI in 
expressing my satisfaction and pleas-ure with this bill we are on and join her in commending the leadership of Ranking Member P
ATTY MURRAY and 
Chairman L AMAR ALEXANDER . As a re-
sult of their work, we have a signifi-cant piece of legislation before us. It received bipartisan support in the com-mittee, and I think the secret of their success was that they knew how to let Senators be Senators and work on a bill, really on the merits of it, without a lot of partisan gunslinging. As a re-sult, the legislation before us creates a tremendous improvement in K–2 edu-cation over the failed No Child Left Be-hind Act. The process that led to this was bipartisan, substantive, and thor-ough. They really listened to a wide array of viewpoints. The result is this strong bipartisan proposal. As one of my senior colleagues on the committee said, this is what happens when you have committee leaders who really know what they are doing. 
By now, most Americans—certainly 
my constituents—are familiar with the failures of No Child Left Behind. It overemphasized a peculiar form of test-ing, a form of testing in which the stu-dent took the test but wasn’t graded on it. The subject of the test really was the performance of the school itself. Schools became frantic to heap up stu-dent performance to protect them-selves. As a result, there was a lot of drama in the schools around these tests. If you did not do well, that pitched you into a narrow, one-size- fits-all approach to fixing the low-per-forming school. That combination served neither students nor commu-nities well. 
The Every Child Achieves Act is 
based on a very simple idea that I think has broad support in the Senate: Less classroom time spent on this fran-tic test preparation for the high-stakes exams means more time actually learning. The Every Child Achieves Act allows States to take a whole range of factors into account to gauge how stu-dents are doing and how the schools are doing, not just one test. I call that the data dashboard. It can include things such as graduation rates, col-lege performance rates afterwards, how many students are taking AP classes and SAT tests, incidents of violence or bullying, and even working conditions for teachers. It is something we have worked on in Rhode Island through something called the InfoWorks Pro-gram. It is a commonsense way of un-derstanding school and student per-formance without creating this mas-sive distraction and drama. 
Less emphasis on this peculiar high- 
stakes testing regime means more time for teachers to teach a more balanced, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.062 S14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5056 July 14, 2015 
well-rounded curriculum, giving atten-
tion to important subjects such as his-tory and the arts, which, because they weren’t covered under these high-pres-sure standardized tests, fell out of the curriculum. So what parents ought to see after we pass this bill is a much richer curriculum for their kids and one that some kids simply need in order to stay interested in school. If arts are your passion as a child and if that has fallen out because of this test-ing regime, you really have been hurt. If history and the stories of what hap-pened in the olden days are what really gets you excited about education and if that gets squeezed out so you can do the math and the reading test better, you really have been hurt as a student. So that has changed. I am glad we have language in this bill that supports civics and American history education so that beyond reading and math—the tested subjects—students who graduate from public education have a real un-derstanding of what it means to be an American citizen. It means something to be an American citizen. They need to understand the trajectory of this country so that they can fill that role as American citizens better. 
The bill supports school libraries, 
which is an issue my senior Senator, J
ACK REED, has long championed and 
which I was proud to support in com-mittee. 
It includes an initiative I supported 
that was led by Senator M
IKULSKI to 
provide support for gifted and talented students, particularly those who are in high-poverty schools. It can be hard to keep a high-ability child engaged and motivated if they are not challenged. I believe Senator M
IKULSKI ’s language 
will be a big help to these kids, their teachers, and their parents. 
When a school does fall short, the 
Every Child Achieves Act rejects the overly punitive interventions of the No Child Left Behind Act. Instead, it al-lows communities, parents, and teach-ers to work together to improve their school in ways that make sense for the students and give them the tools to succeed. 
In my experience, I have learned that 
the greatest unmet area—at least in Rhode Island—is in middle schools. When I talk to people from other States, they see the same thing. Those middle grades are a tipping point in the lives of many students, especially those at risk of dropping out. 
When I was Rhode Island’s attorney 
general, I saw hundreds of juvenile cases that had a common thread, which was catastrophic levels of middle school truancy. In order to get a better handle on what was happening in the middle schools, I adopted one—the Oli-ver Hazard Perry Middle School in Providence. We worked hard to create a real relationship between the police department and the school. We helped get truant kids back in classrooms. We began a mentoring program between students and the attorneys in my of-fice. We brought in community groups to start afterschool programs. We did a 
lot of different things. 
Those years of working with middle 
school stakeholders helped me realize how much the middle grades bear on a child’s future. It is an age when the child is beginning to make his or her own decisions, which can be dan-gerously bad ones at that time. But they can still be influenced by positive adults and by enriching experiences in their lives. 
Many students who fail in high 
school showed the warning signs in middle school. We need to be reaching back into middle school to help them stay on track. That is why I am so glad to have partnered with our friend Sen-ator B
ALDWIN on a measure that re-
quires States to identify and support students at risk of dropping out in mid-dle school and not wait until they are in serious trouble in high school. 
I am also proud that the bill includes 
key elements of the Community Part-nerships in Education Act, the House version of which was championed by my House colleague Congressman D
AVID CICILLINE . 
The outstanding success in Rhode Is-
land of the Providence After School Al-liance shows that schools and their students can thrive with help from strong community partners focused on sustainable and coordinated after-school learning opportunities. PASA is really a model. Community-based afterschool has long been underappre-ciated, and I am glad it is on an even basis in this bill with school-based afterschool. 
The Every Child Achieves Act also 
makes progress in educating students who have become involved in the criminal justice system. As with the juvenile justice reauthorization that I am working on with Chairman G
RASS -
LEY in the Judiciary Committee, this 
bill tries to break the cycle of troubled kids who enter the juvenile justice sys-tem, who get marginalized, who fall further behind in their education, lead-ing to more trouble and ultimately to crime. This phenomenon is referred to as the school-to-prison-pipeline, and it is tragic and it needs to end. 
I have also seen and heard how Fed-
eral, State, and local regulations can get in the way of innovative reforms. Over the last 2 years, I have worked closely with Rhode Island educators, who have told me time and time again that they could achieve much better results if not for the layers of profes-sional education bureaucracy stifling innovation at multiple levels. 
I am working to include an amend-
ment to establish an innovation schools demonstration, giving teach-ers, parents, and school leaders, who have a unique understanding of the students and communities they serve, the flexibility to turn those ideas into action. 
In Rhode Island, I have heard from 
school leaders who would like to ex-tend the school day for struggling stu-dents, reboot their curriculum, take ownership over their school’s budg-
eting and financing, or better manage their school’s human resources. But they can’t because existing rules and regulations get in the way. They are often daunting because if you try to get after the local regulations, you still have the State regulations. If you 
try to go after the local and the State regulations, you still have the Federal regulations. So they give up. 
My amendment establishes a fast- 
track process to give public schools re-lief from barriers to school-level inno-vation—relief from local, State, and Federal regulations. 
Here is what Victor Capellan, super-
intendent of the Central Falls, RI, School District, told me: ‘‘As a leader, having more flexibility to design the learning around the needs of my stu-dents and teachers and within the local context that exists—and not based on old and fixed conditions—makes all the sense in the world to me.’’ 
Overall, the Every Child Achieves 
Act returns more decisionmaking au-thority to public schools, gives them tools to help every student succeed, and promotes greater flexibility in achieving high standards. 
As I prepared at home for this bill, I 
worked with a lot of Rhode Islanders to learn what was needed. I am grateful to the groups who gave me so much time. Many of us met over and over to work through these issues and lay the foun-dation, particularly for the middle school part of the bill and for the inno-vation schools part of the bill. There was a lot of good Rhode Island work that went into those, and I appreciate it. 
I believe this bill responds to the 
needs and concerns of the many Rhode Island teachers, reformers, students, school administrators, and union offi-cials I worked with. I am proud to sup-port it. 
I will close by saying one last thing. 
There are many issues we deal with where we experience a lot of confronta-tion. Often we come into a situation thinking we know what the confronta-tion is. Before we even get to it, we an-ticipate the confrontation. What I learned from sitting down and spending real time with teachers who are in teachers unions, with reformers who are determined to make schools better and able to innovate, administrators who work in public schools and the ad-ministrators who work in charter schools, you put them all together and they agree on so much of what is in this bill. If you treat people involved in 
this system with the respect they de-serve individually, and if you listen to them, the agreement is far greater than the disagreement. 
I will close where I began. What 
Chairman A
LEXANDER and Ranking 
Member M URRAY did was to create a 
process where we could be Senators, and as a Senator I was able to bring those voices from Rhode Island into this process in a meaningful way. My ability to bring that voice in a mean-ingful way empowered me to be able to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.063 S14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5057 July 14, 2015 
bring those voices together back in 
Rhode Island and find the kind of agreement that has enabled these suc-cesses, so I am very grateful to them as well. 
With that comment, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
T
ILLIS ). The clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
HIRE MORE HEROES ACT OF 2015— 
MOTION TO PROCEED 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
move to proceed to Calendar No. 19, H.R. 22. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the motion. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 19, H.R. 
22, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Vet-erans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the em-ployers to which the employer mandate ap-plies under the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
send a cloture motion to the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-
ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to proceed to Calendar No. 19, H.R. 22, an act to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health cov-erage under TRICARE or the Veterans Ad-ministration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
Mitch McConnell, Roger F. Wicker, Shel-
ley Moore Capito, Rob Portman, John Cornyn, James M. Inhofe, Daniel Coats, John Boozman, Johnny Isakson, Pat Roberts, John Barrasso, Mike Rounds, Mike Crapo, Roy Blunt, Thom Tillis, Deb Fischer, Richard Burr. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
withdraw my motion to proceed. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The mo-
tion is withdrawn. 
f 
ADOPTIVE FAMILY RELIEF ACT 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 145, S. 1300. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The bill clerk read as follows: A bill (S. 1300) to amend the section 221 of 
the Immigration and Nationality Act to pro-vide relief for adoptive families from immi-grant visa fees in certain situations. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The bill (S. 1300) was ordered to be 
engrossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 1300 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Adoptive 
Family Relief Act’’. 
SEC. 2. WAIVER OF FEES FOR RENEWAL OF IMMI-
GRANT VISA FOR ADOPTED CHILD IN CERTAIN SITUATIONS. 
Section 221(c) of the Immigration and Na-
tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1201(c)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(c) P
ERIOD OF VALIDITY ; RENEWAL OR RE-
PLACEMENT .— 
‘‘(1) I MMIGRANT VISAS .—An immigrant visa 
shall be valid for such period, not exceeding six months, as shall be by regulations pre-scribed, except that any visa issued to a child lawfully adopted by a United States citizen and spouse while such citizen is serv-ing abroad in the United States Armed Forces, or is employed abroad by the United States Government, or is temporarily abroad on business, shall be valid until such time, for a period not to exceed three years, as the adoptive citizen parent returns to the United States in due course of his service, employ-ment, or business. 
‘‘(2) N
ONIMMIGRANT VISAS .—A non-
immigrant visa shall be valid for such peri-ods as shall be by regulations prescribed. In prescribing the period of validity of a non-immigrant visa in the case of nationals of any foreign country who are eligible for such visas, the Secretary of State shall, insofar as practicable, accord to such nationals the same treatment upon a reciprocal basis as such foreign country accords to nationals of the United States who are within a similar class; except that in the case of aliens who are nationals of a foreign country and who either are granted refugee status and firmly resettled in another foreign country or are granted permanent residence and residing in another foreign country, the Secretary of State may prescribe the period of validity of such a visa based upon the treatment grant-ed by that other foreign country to alien ref-ugees and permanent residents, respectively, in the United States. 
‘‘(3) V
ISA REPLACEMENT .—An immigrant 
visa may be replaced under the original num-ber during the fiscal year in which the origi-nal visa was issued for an immigrant who es-tablishes to the satisfaction of the consular officer that the immigrant— 
‘‘(A) was unable to use the original immi-
grant visa during the period of its validity because of reasons beyond his control and for which he was not responsible; 
‘‘(B) is found by a consular officer to be eli-
gible for an immigrant visa; and 
‘‘(C) pays again the statutory fees for an 
application and an immigrant visa. 
‘‘(4) F
EE WAIVER .—If an immigrant visa was 
issued, on or after March 27, 2013, for a child who has been lawfully adopted, or who is coming to the United States to be adopted, by a United States citizen, any statutory im-
migrant visa fees relating to a renewal or re-placement of such visa may be waived or, if already paid, may be refunded upon request, subject to such criteria as the Secretary of State may prescribe, if— 
‘‘(A) the immigrant child was unable to use 
the original immigrant visa during the pe-riod of its validity as a direct result of ex-traordinary circumstances, including the de-nial of an exit permit; and 
‘‘(B) if such inability was attributable to 
factors beyond the control of the adopting parent or parents and of the immigrant.’’. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
just want to briefly say a few words about today’s Senate passage of S. 1300, the Adoptive Family Relief Act. The issue this bill addresses is of particular importance to me, and I am proud to be a cosponsor of the legislation. 
More than 400 American families—ap-
proximately 20 of them from Ken-tucky—have successfully adopted chil-dren from the Democratic Republic of the Congo or the DRC. However, due to the DRC Government’s suspension of exit permits—which has been in place for close to 2 years now—many of these families have been unable to bring their adoptive children home to the United States. 
For example, although I was pleased 
to be able to help the Brock family from Owensboro, KY, with the return of one of their adopted sons last Christ-mas, their other son still remains in the DRC. To make matters worse, many of these families have been fi-nancially burdened by the cost of con-tinually renewing their children’s visas while they wait for the day the DRC decides to lift the suspension. 
In an attempt to help these families, 
the Adoptive Family Relief Act will provide meaningful financial relief by granting the State Department the au-thority to waive the fees for multiple visa renewals in this and other extraor-dinary adoption circumstances. 
The bill builds on Congress’s bipar-
tisan efforts on this adoption issue, in-cluding a provision in this year’s con-gressional budget resolution to encour-age a solution to the stalemate in the DRC. 
I strongly urge the DRC Government 
to resolve this matter. I truly hope there is a solution to it soon, but until then I urge the House and President Obama to help us enact the Adoptive Family Relief Act. The passage of this bill through the Senate today will help bring needed assistance to so many lov-ing families across our country who want nothing more than to open their homes to a child in need. 
I wish to thank the bill’s sponsors, 
Senators F
EINSTEIN and J OHNSON , the 
17 other bipartisan cosponsors, and the Judiciary Committee for their hard work and truly bipartisan commitment to solving this heartbreaking issue. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the 
Senator withhold? 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. I am sorry. I with-
hold. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:05 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.065 S14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5058 July 14, 2015 
EVERY CHILD ACHIEVES ACT OF 
2015—Continued 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio. 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I thank 
the majority leader. 
I ask unanimous consent to speak for 
up to 10 minutes as in morning busi-ness. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
5TH ANNIVERSARY OF DODD -FRANK WALL  
STREET REFORM ACT  
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, next 
Tuesday, July 21, is my wife’s birthday, and it is also the 5-year anniversary of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act becoming law. 
Nearly two decades before that, 
Barings, an international bank, was de-stroyed by fraud committed by a single one of their traders. In reality, there were no profits, unbeknownst to many at the time, just big losses that this trader managed to conceal until the firm collapsed. 
When writing about his actions later 
in his memoir, the trader said: 
Luckily for my fraud, there were too many 
chiefs who would chat about it at arm’s length but never go further. And they never dared to ask me any basic questions, since they were afraid of looking stupid about not understanding futures and options. 
This helps illustrate how we got to 
that financial crisis. 
Wall Street so often speaks its own 
language—one most Americans can’t understand and one that prevented consumers and taxpayers and some-times even participants from asking questions and from challenging Wall Street. 
September 2008 was preceded by a 
decade of deregulation, after furious lobbying by the financial industry— lobbying buttressed by obfuscation and deceit, always underscored by greed. Risky behavior was rewarded with gar-gantuan profits for the firms and mul-timillion-dollar bonuses for the traders and the executives. Questions were not asked. People often looked the other way. So many were confused and tricked, if you will. 
Regulators didn’t do their jobs. Con-
gress was too—putting it mildly— bought and sold by Wall Street, and look what happened to the American public. Most Americans didn’t fully ap-preciate the connection between Wall Street and our lives until 2008. That is when the biggest banks’ recklessness led to the loss of 9 million jobs. The un-employment rate reached 10 percent, 5 million Americans lost their homes, and $13 trillion, with a ‘‘T’’—that is 13,000 billion; that is what a trillion is, 13,000 billion dollars—in household wealth was erased. 
My wife and I for 2 years have lived 
in the city of Cleveland in ZIP Code 44105. I mention the ZIP Code because that ZIP Code in 2007, I believe—it was around that time—that ZIP Code had the highest rate of foreclosures of any ZIP Code in the United States of Amer-ica. It wasn’t because people in Slavic Village, Cleveland, OH, in my neigh-
borhood were trying to game the sys-tem. It was not because there were all kinds of con men and women in the neighborhood. It was mostly because of job loss due to the decline in manufac-turing. It was also because firms that were rewarded by turning over homes and fees came into those communities offering something more than people could really think they would get, and so foreclosure after foreclosure after foreclosure happened. 
The financial crisis created 9 million 
people who wanted to work for a living, contribute to society, and support their families but could not. And be-hind the millions of foreclosures were 5 million painful conversations. 
Think about this. We in this body 
talk about numbers, we talk about sta-tistics, we talk about foreclosures, we talk about derivatives, we talk about banks, we talk about fees, we talk about all of this, but think about what a foreclosure means. We don’t dress the way we do, making good salaries and benefits, hanging out more with people of means rather than people without much means; we don’t think a lot about what a foreclosure might mean to a family. Think about this: A moth-er and father both have sort of middle- income jobs, working-class jobs. They have a daughter who is 12 and a son who is 13. The mother comes home one day and says: I lost my job. The family scrapes things together, figures they can keep going. Six months later the father comes home and says he lost his job. The kids and the father have a conversation. 
It is pretty clear they are going to 
have to move out of their house be-cause they are going to be foreclosed on. They sit down with the son and daughter and they try to explain what this is going to mean. 
The daughter says: What school are 
we going to go to? 
The parents say: I don’t know. We are 
going to have to move out of this house and leave our school district. 
The son says: What happens to our 
friends? 
And the parents say: We don’t know 
because we are going to move. 
Then they have another painful con-
versation. 
What happens to our dog? We don’t have the money to feed the 
dog, and in that new apartment we are not going to be allowed to have a pet. 
Think about that. They lose their 
home and their neighborhood and their friends. They even have to give away their family pets. They are cutting back. 
These are the stories that aren’t real-
ly told around here—what actually happens to these families when they are foreclosed on. Those conversations happened—I don’t know how many con-versations, but I know there were 5 million homes foreclosed on where con-versations took place such as that night after night after night, as par-ents explained to their children what was happening to their way of life. Par-
ents were sometimes telling their chil-dren, We are going to have to share a house with relatives. Families leaving neighborhoods, leaving schools, leaving friends behind, parents trying to find a new home for the family dog that the child had grown up with since the child was 3 or 4 years old, that is why we passed Wall Street reform. 
Despite doomsday predictions from 
the Republicans—almost all of whom opposed Dodd-Frank reform, almost all of whom opposed Dodd-Frank because Wall Street opposed Dodd-Frank re-form—despite those predictions, it has been a huge success. 
In 2011, as the law was beginning to 
be implemented, we heard Republicans running for President, people such as Newt Gingrich, a historical figure who has, by and large, been forgotten now, who used to be the Speaker of the House down the hall, who used to be one of the most powerful people in Washington, who stood toe-to-toe with President Clinton and shut down the government in the 1990s. He said Dodd- Frank will kill small banks, kill small business, kill the housing industry. He was wrong. 
Since Dodd-Frank has been imple-
mented over the past 5 years, the pri-vate sector has created 13 million new jobs, household wealth has grown by $13 trillion, exceeding precrisis levels, and business lending has climbed 30 percent. Wall Street reform didn’t ruin the economy, Wall Street reform sta-bilized and strengthened it. 
Polling that Americans for Financial 
Reform released last week shows that Americans agree with this assessment. They overwhelmingly support strong financial regulations and they over-whelmingly support the goals of the Consumer Financial Protection Bu-reau. 
But this month—and for the rest of 
the year—we have seen Republicans try to undermine Wall Street reform, try to do the bidding of Wall Street itself, and try to do all they can to weaken the Consumer Financial Protection Bu-reau. We have seen it in the Budget Committee and in the Agriculture Committee and in the Banking Com-mittee and in the appropriations proc-ess. 
Last week, in the Senate Banking 
Committee, Republicans held another hearing with representatives from the financial industry advocating for legis-lation to undermine parts of Dodd- Frank. Week after week, it seems, we hear from people who come in front of the Banking Committee—people who seem oblivious to the fact that Wall Street caused this damage to our soci-ety, people doing the bidding for Wall Street banks, people who have excused the greed and the overreach of Wall Street and what Wall Street has done to the men and women, done to chil-dren, done to families, done to neigh-borhoods in our society. 
My ZIP Code is doing better than it 
was, but we can still see the ruin and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.069 S14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5059 July 14, 2015 
the devastation brought to ZIP Code 
44105, in part, because of Wall Street greed. We can see it all over this coun-try. 
Tomorrow, Consumer Financial Pro-
tection Bureau Director Rich Cordray, who I can proudly say is from my State of Ohio, will testify again in Congress. This will mark his 54th appearance—ei-ther him or someone else from the CFPB. As Republicans claim, the CFPB is unaccountable to Congress—hauled in front of Congress one, two, three, four-plus dozen times, and they still say it is unaccountable. Figure that out. It is all about the politics. Again, they are doing Wall Street’s bidding. 
This past weekend, two Republican 
Commissioners on the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Com-modities Futures Trading Commis-sion—agencies whose job it is to police Wall Street, to prevent another crisis— these two Republican Commissioners wrote an op-ed denouncing regulation. They wrote: ‘‘One of the greatest po-tential risks to the financial markets is the work of the regulators them-selves.’’ They are not saying regulators should have been tougher on Wall Street. They are saying these regu-lators are overreaching and not doing what they should. In fact, these regula-tions shouldn’t have existed many times. This is the attitude we are up against. We know they will keep fight-ing to tear down this law just as hard as they fought to keep it from passing. 
Now, when Dodd-Frank was passed 
back in July 5 years ago, in 2010, Presi-dent Obama signed the bill only a few hours later. The chief lobbyist for the top financial services, the top lobbyist in Washington, proclaimed: ‘‘Now it’s halftime.’’ What did he mean by ‘‘now it’s halftime’’? It was that, Wall Street lost that battle in Congress on Dodd- Frank, and now it was time to turn to the agencies and to try to weaken, ob-fuscate, blunt these rules, delay, and do whatever they could. There were 3,000 lobbyists during the Dodd-Frank act—6 lobbyists for every Member of Congress. Even then they couldn’t win because enough of us here had the guts to stand up to Wall Street and do the right thing. Many of those 3,000 lobby-ists are back. 
In 2012, lobbyists for banks out-
numbered consumer protection advo-cates 20 to 1—1 consumer advocate to 20 bank lobbyists spending hundreds of millions of dollars trying to weaken the law. We must stand firm. We must push back on efforts that roll back the reforms. We should stand up for the CFPB. Nobody is arguing that we can’t improve and strengthen Dodd-Frank. We want to do that. But if improve and strengthen means doing Wall Street bidding, that is not what improve and strengthen should mean. 
There are enormous challenges we 
have to tackle. Today’s typical Amer-ican consumer obviously has no union to demand a defined pension or a fair wage and no dependable retirement savings account. The average borrower has left college with a diploma and 
$33,000 in student loan debt. Nearly 60 percent of 18- to 24-year-olds now live with their parents, largely due to stag-gering student loan debt and stagnant wages. Five million Americans have mortgages that are under water, mean-ing they owe more than the house is worth, which represents nearly $350 bil-lion of negative equity. That means if you total up all of the debt of those 5 million Americans—how much they owe on their homes—and subtract what their homes are worth, it would amount to $350 billion of negative eq-uity. 
One in five Americans has an error 
on her credit report that might prevent her from accessing a traditional bank-ing system. It is not due to a mistake they made, but they have an error on their credit report that they, for what-ever reason, have not been able to fix. One in three American adults has debt in collections, the majority of which is medical debt. Fifty-seven percent of Americans say they are not financially prepared for the unexpected. A finan-cial crisis only makes these trends worse. 
Where do we go? Some sectors of our 
economy have done better than others. When times are good, we return to dis-cussions about regulatory relief, which I support, for small banks and credit unions. I think we need to make some changes in the midsized regional banks, such as the Huntington in Co-lumbus or the Fifth Third Bank in Cin-cinnati, to help make them competi-tive, particularly with the large banks. 
What about relief for the average 
American? All of us in this body need to broaden our focus beyond so-called regulatory relief. The answer to every-thing, according to my friends on the other side of the aisle, is to cut taxes on the rich and deregulate and weaken consumer laws, weaken safe drinking water laws, weaken clean air laws, and weaken Dodd-Frank laws. That is their answer to everything. 
What about relief for average Ameri-
cans? What about increasing the min-imum wage? What about helping Amer-icans who are making $30,000 or $40,000 but are denied overtime because they have been put in a salary or manage-ment category even though they are only making $30,000? They may be run-ning the night shift at a fast-food res-taurant and have been classified as bosses so as salaried workers, they don’t get overtime even if they are working 60 hours a week. How about re-lief for that average American? 
How about relief for Americans who 
don’t have sick leave and go to work when they are sick and take the chance of infecting somebody else, because if they stay home, they will not receive any pay? 
How about if their child is sick? Do 
they send their child to school, because they can’t take a day off because they don’t get a personal leave day to take care of their child? So their child may end up going to school, doesn’t do as well and may get other children sick, 
which means less productive students or less productive workers if the parent ends up going to work sick—all of those things. Why don’t we have relief for working-class and middle-class families—minimum wage, overtime pay when they have earned it and help those families get the kind of sick pay and sick leave as the people who work here have who dress up and are well paid and have the advantage of work-ing in the Senate? Why are we not doing that? 
We shouldn’t be afraid to ask ques-
tions that will lead to the reforms we need. We shouldn’t be afraid to chal-lenge the status quo, and we should never be afraid to make Wall Street ac-countable. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION 
∑Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, on Mon-
day, July 13, 2015, I was necessarily ab-sent for a vote on amendment No. 2080 to the Every Child Achieves Act. Had I been present, I would have voted in favor of the amendment. ∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING BEAU BIDEN 
Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I wish to 
pay tribute to Joseph Robinette ‘‘Beau’’ Biden III. Beau was a husband, father, son, brother, veteran, and friend, who lived a life of service, de-voted to his family and his country. For Beau Biden, family was the center of his life: his father, our Vice Presi-dent, and Dr. Jill Biden, his brother Hunter, his sister Ashley, and espe-cially his wife Hallie and their chil-dren, Natalie and Hunter. Beau Biden’s family and my family have been con-nected as friends, neighbors, and polit-ical allies for two generations. Like Vice President B
IDEN, Beau was com-
mitted to duty, had great political skills, and lived his daily life with joy. 
Inscribed on the front of the Finance 
Building in Harrisburg, PA, is the fol-lowing quotation: ‘‘All public service is a trust, given in faith and accepted in honor.’’ As a soldier and a public offi-cial in Delaware, Beau Biden’s work was a testament to that inscription. He accepted the trust he was given by serving with honor and distinction. Beau Biden served in the Delaware Army National Guard as a major in the Judge Advocate General, JAG Corps, which included a tour in Iraq. Growing up with a father who was a United States Senator, Beau Biden could have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:05 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.071 S14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5060 July 14, 2015 
taken an easy road to elected office, 
but that was not his way. He wanted to earn the trust of the people. He turned down an appointment as attorney gen-eral of Delaware, preferring to run for the position on his own. He won and served two terms as a faithful public servant. He was on track to become the next Governor of Delaware when his life was tragically cut short. 
As attorney general, Beau Biden 
fought every day to protect children. Albert Camus once said: ‘‘Perhaps we cannot prevent this world from being a world in which children are tortured. But we can reduce the number of tor-tured children. And if you don’t help us, who else in the world can help us do this?’’ Beau Biden answered that call. He said keeping children safe is why he wanted to be the attorney general of Delaware, and during his years in that position, he prosecuted child predators and worked to protect children from sexual abuse. In a column in the Wil-mington News Journal, he wrote, ‘‘As adults, we have a legal and moral obli-gation to stand up and speak out for children who are being abused—they cannot speak for themselves.’’ It is fit-ting that his family established the Beau Biden Foundation for the Protec-tion of Children to continue his fight. 
At times like this, people often think 
about what could have been. A decade after Robert F. Kennedy died, Allard Lowenstein wrote an article entitled ‘‘Anniversary of an Assassination.’’ In it he wrote, ‘‘And anybody who finds himself wishing on this occasion that Robert Kennedy were around knows what Robert Kennedy would be saying if he were here—knows that we have dallied long enough, and that it is past time to try again to do better, to make a difference; past time to dream again of things as they ought to be, and ask again why they are not.’’ Beau Biden would not only want us to do the same thing, he would expect us to. He would be telling us to keep up the fight to protect children. He would be remind-ing us about the honor of public serv-ice, and he would be encouraging us to go out and serve our communities and our country. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE HERO CAM-
PAIGN FOR DESIGNATED DRIV-ERS 
Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, each 
year, tens of thousands of lives are lost and millions more are injured in colli-sions on our Nation’s highways. Ac-cording to the National Highway Traf-fic Safety Administration, about 40 percent of all traffic fatalities involve alcohol. This preventable behavior con-tinues to impose a terrible toll on our families and our Nation. 
To eradicate drunk driving from our 
roads, we must change our Nation’s culture around stepping behind the wheel after consuming alcohol. A major way to enact this change is to encourage and celebrate the role of designated drivers—those who make a commitment to remain sober to ensure 
that the passengers in their vehicle re-turn home safely at the end of the night. 
For this reason, I rise today to honor 
the 15th anniversary of the HERO Cam-paign, which works to create partner-ships that encourage and support des-ignated drivers. 
The HERO Campaign was created in 
memory of U.S. Navy ENS John El-liott, a New Jersey resident and a grad-uate of the U.S. Naval Academy. En-sign Elliott was an outstanding citizen and Naval cadet. In each of his 4 years at Annapolis, Elliott was selected by his peers to serve as a human edu-cation resource officer, or HERO, to mentor fellow members of his com-pany. At graduation, Elliott was hon-ored as the outstanding HERO in his class. 
On July 22, 2000, Ensign Elliott was 
driving to his home in Egg Harbor Township, NJ with his girlfriend when his vehicle was struck by an oncoming vehicle that crossed into his lane. The driver of that vehicle was operating under the influence of alcohol. Along with Ensign Elliott, that driver was killed in the collision. 
Shortly after Ensign Elliott’s life 
came to its untimely end, his parents, Bill and Muriel Elliott, started the HERO Campaign. The HERO Campaign is a non-profit organization that brings together schools, professional sports teams, law enforcement, taverns and restaurants, and community groups to recognize and encourage designated drivers. 
Since its inception, the HERO Cam-
paign has registered more than 100,000 designated drivers at sports stadiums, concerts, schools, and colleges in 7 States. In New Jersey, the HERO Cam-paign contributed to a 35.4 percent de-cline in alcohol-related driving fatali-ties in the general population and a 65.1 percent decline for those under 21 years of age. Truly, the accomplish-ments of the HERO Campaign are noth-ing less than heroic. 
But their work is not done yet. The 
ultimate goal of the HERO Campaign is to register one million designated driv-ers across our Nation, and to ensure 
that having a designated driver before stepping out for the night becomes as automatic as putting on a seatbelt when getting into the car. As Bill El-liott says, the message is simple: ‘‘Who’s your HERO tonight?’’ 
I can safely say that, to me, Bill and 
Muriel Elliott and their colleagues at the HERO Campaign are my heroes this and every night. I commend their accomplishments and support their ef-forts to save lives by helping others re-alize their heroic potential as des-ignated drivers. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO BISHOP PAUL S. 
MORTON 
∑Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I wish to 
honor Bishop Paul S. Morton. Bishop Morton was born in Windsor, Ontario, 
where he graduated from J.C. Patter-son Collegiate Institute and St. Clair College. Despite his northern roots, Bishop Morton was called to New Orle-ans, LA, in 1972 to preach and spread the Gospel of the Lord. The Greater St. Stephen Missionary Baptist Church was Morton’s first home, where he was installed as senior pastor in January 1975. Under the pastor’s leadership, the congregation grew dramatically, re-sulting in the need to expand to a 2,000 seat sanctuary in 1980 and a 4,000 seat sanctuary in 1988. In 1991, Greater St. Stephen Missionary Baptist Church be-came Greater St. Stephen Full Gospel Baptist Church which preaches of the manifestation of miracles, healings, and gifts of the Holy Spirit. 
With his unique leadership skills and 
his care for the community, Greater St. Stephen Full Gospel Baptist Church grew from 647 members to more than 20,000 members requiring 3 locations in the Greater New Orleans area. In addi-tion to this great local accomplish-ment, Bishop Morton is also the senior pastor of Changing a Generation Full Gospel Church in Atlanta, GA, as well as the founding presiding bishop of the Full Gospel Baptist Church Fellowship International. The Full Gospel Baptist Church Fellowship represents thou-sands of church leaders and congrega-tions around the world and focuses on cultivating positive values such as sus-tainability, holiness, innovation, fam-ily, and transcendence. 
Bishop Paul S. Morton’s dedication 
to his congregation is seen in the serv-ices he provides to the community. In 1997, the Greater St. Stephen ministry purchased a former naval base and con-verted it into affordable housing for more than 125 families in the New Orle-ans area. In addition to being an ac-complished Gospel singer, the bishop hosts ‘‘Changing a Generation,’’ a daily radio show and weekly TV broadcast with the goal of changing the way peo-ple view going to church. Bishop Mor-ton also serves as president of the Paul S. Morton, Sr. Scholarship Foundation and president of the Paul S. Morton Bible College and School of Ministry. 
I am honored to share the accom-
plished career of Bishop Paul S. Mor-ton, and I thank him for his services to the State of Louisiana. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE 
At 11:14 a.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bill, without amendment: 
S. 179. An act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 14 3rd Avenue, NW, in Chisholm, Minnesota, as the ‘‘James L. Oberstar Memorial Post Of-
fice Building’’. 
The message also announced that the 
House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 208. An act to improve the disaster as-
sistance programs of the Small Business Ad-ministration. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.028 S14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5061 July 14, 2015 
H.R. 387. An act to provide for certain land 
to be taken into trust for the benefit of Morongo Band of Mission Indians, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 1023. An act to amend the Small Busi-
ness Investment Act of 1958 to provide for in-creased limitations on leverage for multiple licenses under common control. 
H.R. 2499. An act to amend the Small Busi-
ness Act to increase access to capital for vet-eran entrepreneurs, to help create jobs, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 2670. An act to amend the Small Busi-
ness Act to provide for expanded participa-tion in the microloan program, and for other purposes. 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
At 12:47 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bill: 
S. 179. An act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 14 3rd Avenue, NW, in Chisholm, Minnesota, as the ‘‘James L. Oberstar Memorial Post Of-fice Building’’. 
The enrolled bill was subsequently 
signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED 
The following bills were read the first 
and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 208. An act to improve the disaster as-
sistance programs of the Small Business Ad-ministration; to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship. 
H.R. 387. An act to provide for certain land 
to be taken into trust for the benefit of Morongo Band of Mission Indians, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. 
H.R. 2670. An act to amend the Small Busi-
ness Act to provide for expanded participa-tion in the microloan program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Busi-ness and Entrepreneurship. 
f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE 
CALENDAR 
The following bills were read the first 
and second times by unanimous con-
sent, and placed on the calendar: 
H.R. 1023. An act to amend the Small Busi-
ness Investment Act of 1958 to provide for in-creased limitations on leverage for multiple licenses under common control. 
H.R. 2499. An act to amend the Small Busi-
ness Act to increase access to capital for vet-eran entrepreneurs, to help create jobs, and for other purposes. 
f 
ENROLLED BILL PRESENTED 
The Secretary of the Senate reported 
that on today, July 14, 2015, she had presented to the President of the United States the following enrolled bills: 
S. 179. An act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 14 3rd Avenue, NW, in Chisholm, Minnesota, as the ‘‘James L. Oberstar Memorial Post Of-fice Building’’. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-
sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mrs. SHAHEEN: 
S. 1754. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to make permanent the tem-porary increase in number of judges pre-siding over the United States Court of Ap-peals for Veterans Claims, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. 
By Mr. SCHATZ (for himself, Mr. H
EIN-
RICH, Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. B OOKER , 
Mr. W HITEHOUSE , and Mr. F RANKEN ): 
S. 1755. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide for a 5-year ex-tension of the tax credit for residential en-ergy efficient property; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself and Mr. 
C
OONS ): 
S. 1756. A bill to help small businesses take 
advantage of energy efficiency; to the Com-mittee on Small Business and Entrepreneur-ship. 
By Mr. PORTMAN (for himself, Mr. 
H
EINRICH , Mr. T HUNE , and Mr. B EN-
NET): 
S. 1757. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to promote health care technology innovation and access to medical devices and services for which patients choose to self-pay under the Medicare pro-gram, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
By Mr. COATS: 
S. 1758. A bill to amend the Social Security 
Act to make certain revisions to provisions limiting payment of benefits to fugitive fel-ons under titles II, VIII, and XVI of the So-cial Security Act; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
By Mr. REID (for Mr. N
ELSON (for him-
self, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , and Mr. D ON-
NELLY )): 
S. 1759. A bill to prevent caller ID spoofing, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself, Mr. 
K
IRK, and Mr. D URBIN ): 
S. 1760. A bill to prevent gun trafficking; to 
the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mrs. BOXER (for herself and Mrs. 
FEINSTEIN ): 
S. 1761. A bill to take certain Federal land 
located in Lassen County, California, into trust for the benefit of the Susanville Indian Rancheria, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. 
By Mr. CRUZ: 
S. 1762. A bill to amend the Immigration 
and Nationality Act to increase the penalties applicable to aliens who unlawfully reenter the United States after being removed; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. DURBIN (for himself and Mr. 
P
ETERS ): 
S. 1763. A bill to require a study on the 
public health and environmental impacts of the production, transportation, storage, and use of petroleum coke, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
By Mr. PAUL: 
S. 1764. A bill to prohibit certain Federal 
funds from being made available to sanc-tuary cities and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. BENNET (for himself, Mr. 
M
ERKLEY , and Ms. B ALDWIN ): 
S. 1765. A bill to amend the Older Ameri-
cans Act of 1965 to provide equal treatment of LGBT older individuals, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself and 
Mr. L ANKFORD ): 
S. Res. 223. A resolution designating Sep-
tember 2015 as ‘‘National Child Awareness Month’’ to promote awareness of charities benefitting children and youth-serving orga-nizations throughout the United States and recognizing the efforts made by those char-ities and organizations on behalf of children and youth as critical contributions to the fu-ture of the United States; considered and agreed to. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 192 
At the request of Mr. A LEXANDER , the 
name of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 192, a bill to reauthorize the Older Americans Act of 1965, and for other purposes. 
S. 298 
At the request of Mr. B ENNET , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 298, a bill to amend titles XIX and XXI of the Social Security Act to provide States with the option of providing services to children with medically complex conditions under the Medicaid program and Children’s Health Insurance Program through a care coordination program focused on improving health outcomes for chil-dren with medically complex condi-tions and lowering costs, and for other purposes. 
S. 326 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the 
name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 326, a bill to amend the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 to pro-vide cancellation ceilings for steward-ship end result contracting projects, and for other purposes. 
S. 491 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 491, a bill to lift the trade embargo on Cuba. 
S. 571 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the 
name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
571, a bill to amend the Pilot’s Bill of Rights to facilitate appeals and to apply to other certificates issued by the Federal Aviation Administration, to require the revision of the third class medical certification regulations issued by the Federal Aviation Admin-istration, and for other purposes. 
S. 637 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the 
name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 637, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend and modify the railroad track maintenance credit. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.013 S14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5062 July 14, 2015 
S. 667 
At the request of Mr. E NZI, the name 
of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 667, a bill to ensure that organiza-tions with religious or moral convic-tions are allowed to continue to pro-vide services for children. 
S. 700 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the 
name of the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 700, a bill to amend the Asbestos Information Act of 1988 to establish a public database of asbestos-containing products, to require public disclosure of information pertaining to the manu-facture, processing, distribution, and use of asbestos-containing products in the United States, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 704 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 704, a bill to establish a Community-Based Institutional Spe-cial Needs Plan demonstration pro-gram to target home and community- based care to eligible Medicare bene-ficiaries. 
S. 707 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the 
name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 707, a bill to provide cer-tain protections from civil liability with respect to the emergency adminis-tration of opioid overdose drugs. 
S. 885 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the 
name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 885, a bill to direct the Architect of the Capitol to place in the United States Capitol a chair honoring Amer-ican Prisoners of War/Missing in Ac-tion. 
S. 928 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the name of the Senator from Mary-land (Ms. M
IKULSKI ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 928, a bill to reauthorize the World Trade Center Health Pro-gram and the September 11th Victim Compensation Fund of 2001, and for other purposes. 
S. 1021 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the 
name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1021, a bill to require the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to award grants to establish, or expand upon, master’s degree programs in orthotics and prosthetics, and for other purposes. 
S. 1170 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
names of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) and the Senator from Iowa 
(Mr. G RASSLEY ) were added as cospon-
sors of S. 1170, a bill to amend title 39, United States Code, to extend the au-thority of the United States Postal Service to issue a semipostal to raise funds for breast cancer research, and for other purposes. S. 1212 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R
EED) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 1212, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the Small Business Act to expand the availability of employee stock ownership plans in S corporations, and for other purposes. 
S. 1214 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the 
name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1214, a bill to prevent human health threats posed by the consumption of equines raised in the United States. 
S. 1300 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1300, a bill to amend the section 221 of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act to provide relief for adop-tive families from immigrant visa fees in certain situations. 
S. 1392 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the 
name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1392, a bill to require cer-tain practitioners authorized to pre-scribe controlled substances to com-plete continuing education. 
S. 1409 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the 
name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1409, a bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to re-quire States to suspend, rather than terminate, an individual’s eligibility for medical assistance under the State Medicaid plan while such individual is an inmate of a public institution. 
S. 1491 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the 
name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1491, a bill to provide sensible re-lief to community financial institu-tions, to protect consumers, and for other purposes. 
S. 1498 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
name of the Senator from Maryland (Ms. M
IKULSKI ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1498, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to require that military working dogs be retired in the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 1512 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1512, a bill to eliminate dis-crimination and promote women’s health and economic security by ensur-ing reasonable workplace accommoda-tions for workers whose ability to per-form the functions of a job are limited by pregnancy, childbirth, or a related medical condition. 
S. 1533 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the 
name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E NZI) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 1533, a bill to authorize the Sec-retary of the Interior to coordinate Federal and State permitting processes related to the construction of new sur-face water storage projects on lands under the jurisdiction of the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Ag-riculture and to designate the Bureau of Reclamation as the lead agency for permit processing, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1555 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the 
name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1555, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the Fili-pino veterans of World War II, in rec-ognition of the dedicated service of the veterans during World War II. 
S. 1617 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
names of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ), the Senator from South Caro-
lina (Mr. G RAHAM ) and the Senator 
from Texas (Mr. C RUZ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 1617, a bill to prevent Hizballah and associated entities from gaining access to international finan-cial and other institutions, and for other purposes. 
S. 1654 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the name 
of the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1654, a bill to prevent deaths oc-curring from drug overdoses. 
S. 1746 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1746, a bill to require the Office of Personnel Management to provide complimentary, comprehensive iden-tity protection coverage to all individ-uals whose personally identifiable in-formation was compromised during re-cent data breaches at Federal agencies. 
S. RES. 222 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the 
names of the Senator from Rhode Is-land (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ), the Senator 
from Vermont (Mr. S ANDERS ), the Sen-
ator from California (Mrs. F EINSTEIN ), 
the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ), the Senator from Hawaii 
(Ms. H IRONO ) and the Senator from 
Wisconsin (Ms. B ALDWIN ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. Res. 222, a resolution expressing the sense of the Senate that the Federation Internationale de Foot-ball Association should immediately eliminate gender pay inequity and treat all athletes with the same respect and dignity. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2128 
At the request of Mr. K AINE, the 
names of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ), the Senator from West Vir-
ginia (Mrs. C APITO ) and the Senator 
from South Carolina (Mr. G RAHAM ) 
were added as cosponsors of amend-ment No. 2128 intended to be proposed to S. 1177, an original bill to reauthor-ize the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every 
child achieves. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.018 S14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5063 July 14, 2015 
AMENDMENT NO . 2135 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the name of the Senator from Mary-land (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of amendment No. 2135 in-tended to be proposed to S. 1177, an original bill to reauthorize the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2152 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
names of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ), the Senator from Rhode 
Island (Mr. R EED), the Senator from 
Minnesota (Ms. K LOBUCHAR ) and the 
Senator from Oregon (Mr. M ERKLEY ) 
were added as cosponsors of amend-ment No. 2152 intended to be proposed to S. 1177, an original bill to reauthor-ize the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2162 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name 
of the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. P
AUL) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 2162 proposed to S. 1177, an original bill to reauthorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2179 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the 
name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 2179 intended to be pro-posed to S. 1177, an original bill to re-authorize the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2180 
At the request of Mr. C RUZ, the 
names of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) and the Senator from 
Louisiana (Mr. V ITTER ) were added as 
cosponsors of amendment No. 2180 in-tended to be proposed to S. 1177, an original bill to reauthorize the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2227 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the 
name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 2227 intended to be pro-posed to S. 1177, an original bill to re-authorize the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. DURBIN (for himself and 
Mr. P ETERS ): 
S. 1763. A bill to require a study on 
the public health and environmental impacts of the production, transpor-tation, storage, and use of petroleum coke, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 1763 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Petroleum 
Coke Transparency and Public Health Pro-tection Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) In the past several years, United States 
crude oil refineries have grown their coking capacity to accommodate the conversion of heavy crude oils into refined petroleum prod-ucts. 
(2) As coking capacity has grown, the do-
mestic production of petroleum coke is ex-pected to grow, leading to increases in the storage, transportation, and use of the mate-rial. 
(3) In Detroit, piles of petroleum coke have 
been stored in the open air on the banks of the Detroit River. 
(4) Uncovered piles of petroleum coke have 
also been stored in Southeast Chicago near homes and local baseball fields. 
(5) State regulators, communities, and in-
dustry stakeholders would benefit from a complete understanding of petroleum coke and the potential impact on public health and the environment related to the produc-tion, transportation, storage, and use of pe-troleum coke. 
SEC. 3. STUDY OF PETROLEUM COKE PUBLIC 
HEALTH AND ENVIRONMENTAL IM-PACTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, in consultation with the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, the Sec-retary of Transportation, and the Secretary of Energy, shall submit to Congress a report containing the results of a study concerning petroleum coke that includes the following: 
(1) An analysis of the public health and en-
vironmental impacts of the production, transportation, storage, and use of petro-leum coke. 
(2) An assessment of potential approaches 
and best practices for storing, transporting, and managing petroleum coke. 
(3) A quantitative analysis of current and 
projected domestic petroleum coke produc-tion and utilization locations. 
(b) B
EST AVAILABLE SCIENCE .—The study 
under subsection (a) shall be carried out using the best available science, including readily available information from appro-priate State agencies, nonprofit entities, academic entities, and industry. 
(c) P
UBLICATION OF REPORT .—Not later 
than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall publish on the Internet website of the Department of Health and Human Service the report described in sub-section (a). 
SEC. 4. IMPLEMENTATION OF STANDARDS. 
Not later than one year after the date of 
enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, in consultation with the Secretary of Transpor-tation, shall promulgate rules concerning the storage and transportation of petroleum coke that ensure the protection of public and ecological health based upon the findings of the study conducted under section 3. SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 223—DESIG-
NATING SEPTEMBER 2015 AS ‘‘NATIONAL CHILD AWARENESS MONTH’’ TO PROMOTE AWARE-NESS OF CHARITIES BENEFIT-TING CHILDREN AND YOUTH- SERVING ORGANIZATIONS THROUGHOUT THE UNITED STATES AND RECOGNIZING THE EFFORTS MADE BY THOSE CHARITIES AND ORGANIZATIONS ON BEHALF OF CHILDREN AND YOUTH AS CRITICAL CONTRIBU-TIONS TO THE FUTURE OF THE UNITED STATES 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself and Mr. 
L
ANKFORD ) submitted the following 
resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 223 
Whereas millions of children and youth in 
the United States represent the hopes and future of the United States; 
Whereas numerous individuals, charities 
benefitting children, and youth-serving orga-nizations that work with children and youth collaborate to provide invaluable services to enrich and better the lives of children and youth throughout the United States; 
Whereas raising awareness of, and increas-
ing support for, organizations that provide access to health care, social services, edu-cation, the arts, sports, and other services will result in the development of character and the future success of the children and youth of the United States; 
Whereas the month of September, as the 
school year begins, is a time when parents, families, teachers, school administrators, and communities increase focus on children and youth throughout the United States; 
Whereas the month of September is a time 
for the people of the United States to high-light and be mindful of the needs of children and youth; 
Whereas private corporations and busi-
nesses have joined with hundreds of national and local charitable organizations through-out the United States in support of a month- long focus on children and youth; and 
Whereas designating September 2015 as 
‘‘National Child Awareness Month’’ would recognize that a long-term commitment to children and youth is in the public interest and will encourage widespread support for charities and organizations that seek to pro-vide a better future for the children and youth of the United States: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate designates Sep-
tember 2015 as ‘‘National Child Awareness Month’’— 
(1) to promote awareness of charities bene-
fitting children and youth-serving organiza-tions throughout the United States; and 
(2) to recognize the efforts made by the 
charities and organizations on behalf of chil-dren and youth as critical contributions to the future of the United States. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 2229. Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, 
Mr. M URPHY , and Ms. C ANTWELL ) submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, to reauthorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to en-sure that every child achieves; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.019 S14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5064 July 14, 2015 
SA 2230. Mr. MARKEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2231. Mr. BOOZMAN (for himself and 
Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for him-
self and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2232. Mr. THUNE submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for 
himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2233. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2234. Mr. LEE submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for him-
self and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2235. Ms. HEITKAMP submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2236. Ms. WARREN (for herself, Mr. 
B
OOKER , Mr. D URBIN , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. 
BROWN , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. H EIN-
RICH, Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. C ASEY , 
Mr. F RANKEN , and Mr. C OONS ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2237. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for 
himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2238. Ms. WARREN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2239. Ms. WARREN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2240. Mr. SCHATZ (for himself, Ms. 
M
URKOWSKI , and Mr. D AINES ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2241. Mr. MURPHY (for himself, Mr. 
B
OOKER , Mr. C OONS , Ms. W ARREN , and Mr. 
DURBIN ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 sub-mitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and 
Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2242. Mr. CASEY (for himself, Mrs. 
MURRAY , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. M UR-
PHY, Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. U DALL , 
Mr. S CHATZ , Ms. M IKULSKI , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. 
MARKEY , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
Mr. W YDEN , Mr. C OONS , Ms. W ARREN , Ms. 
CANTWELL , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. S CHUMER , Mr. 
SANDERS , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. 
REED, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , and Mr. M ERKLEY ) 
submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, supra; which was or-
dered to lie on the table. SA 2243. Mr. COONS (for himself and Mr. 
RUBIO) submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed to amendment SA 2089 sub-mitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and 
Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2244. Mr. CASSIDY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2245. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2246. Mr. M
CCAIN (for himself and Mr. 
FLAKE ) submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed to amendment SA 2089 sub-mitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and 
Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2247. Mr. BURR (for himself and Mr. 
BENNET ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 sub-mitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and 
Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2248. Mr. BURR (for himself and Mr. 
BENNET ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 sub-mitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and 
Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2249. Ms. WARREN (for herself, Mr. 
GARDNER , and Ms. H IRONO ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2250. Mr. BENNET (for himself and Mr. 
C
ARPER ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 sub-mitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and 
Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2251. Mr. BENNET submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2252. Mr. BENNET submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2253. Mr. BENNET submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2254. Mr. KING (for himself and Mrs. 
C
APITO ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 sub-mitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and 
Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, supra; 
which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2255. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 2229. Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for 
himself, Mr. M URPHY , and Ms. C ANT-
WELL ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER  (for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, to reauthorize the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 281, between lines 9 and 10, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(IV) programs that supplement, not sup-
plant, training for teachers, principals, other school leaders, or specialized instructional support personnel in practices that have demonstrated effectiveness in improving stu-dent achievement, attainment, behavior, and school climate through addressing the social and emotional development needs of stu-dents, such as through social and emotional learning programming. 
On page 302, between lines 17 and 18, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(vi) address the social and emotional de-
velopment needs of students to improve stu-dent achievement, attainment, behavior, and school climate such as through social and emotional learning programming; 
SA 2230. Mr. MARKEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title V, add the following: 
SEC. 5011. CLIMATE CHANGE EDUCATION. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be 
cited as the ‘‘Climate Change Education Act’’. 
(b) F
INDINGS .—Congress finds that— 
(1) carbon pollution is accumulating in the 
atmosphere, causing global temperatures to rise at a rate that poses a significant threat to the economy and security of the United States, to public health and welfare, and to the global environment; 
(2) climate change is already impacting the 
United States with sea level rise, ocean acidification, and more frequent or intense extreme weather events such as heat waves, heavy rainfalls, droughts, floods, and wildfires; 
(3) the scientific evidence for human-in-
duced climate change is overwhelming and undeniable as demonstrated by statements from the National Academy of Sciences, the National Climate Assessment, and numerous other science professional organizations in the United States; 
(4) the United States has a responsibility 
to children and future generations of the United States to address the harmful effects of climate change; 
(5) providing clear information about cli-
mate change, in a variety of forms, can en-courage individuals and communities to take action; 
(6) the actions of a single nation cannot 
solve the climate crisis, so solutions that ad-dress both mitigation and adaptation must involve developed and developing nations around the world; 
(7) investing in the development of innova-
tive clean energy and energy efficiency tech-nologies will— 
(A) enhance the global leadership and com-
petitiveness of the United States; and 
(B) create and sustain short and long term 
job growth; 
(8) implementation of measures that pro-
mote energy efficiency, conservation, renew-able energy, and low-carbon fossil energy will greatly reduce human impact on the en-vironment; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.022 S14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5065 July 14, 2015 
(9) education about climate change is im-
portant to ensure the future generation of leaders is well-informed about the challenges facing our planet in order to make decisions based on science and fact. 
(c) A
MENDMENT TO ESEA.—Title V of the 
Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7201 et seq.), as amended by section 5010, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘PART J—CLIMATE CHANGE EDUCATION 
‘‘SEC. 5911. CLIMATE CHANGE EDUCATION PRO-
GRAM. 
‘‘(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this section 
is to— 
‘‘(1) broaden the understanding of human 
induced climate change, possible long and short-term consequences, and potential solu-tions; 
‘‘(2) provide learning opportunities in cli-
mate science education for all students through grade 12, including those of diverse cultural and linguistic backgrounds; 
‘‘(3) emphasize actionable information to 
help students understand how to utilize new technologies and programs related to energy conservation, clean energy, and carbon pol-lution reduction; and 
‘‘(4) inform the public of impacts to human 
health and safety as a result of climate change. 
‘‘(b) G
RANTS AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary, 
in consultation with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency, and the De-partment of Energy, shall establish a com-petitive grant program to provide grants to States to— 
‘‘(1) develop or improve climate science 
curriculum and supplementary educational materials for grades kindergarten through grade 12; 
‘‘(2) initiate, develop, expand, or imple-
ment statewide plans and programs for cli-mate change education, including relevant teacher training and professional develop-ment and multidisciplinary studies to ensure that students graduate from high school cli-mate literate; or 
‘‘(3) create State green school building 
standards or policies. 
‘‘(c) A
PPLICATION .—A State desiring to re-
ceive a grant under this section shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and accompanied by such in-formation as the Secretary may reasonably require. 
‘‘(d) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 
1 year after the date of enactment of this section, and annually thereafter, the Sec-retary shall transmit to Congress a report that evaluates the scientific merits, edu-cational effectiveness, and broader impacts of activities under this section. 
‘‘(e) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section such sums as may be necessary.’’. 
SA 2231. Mr. BOOZMAN (for himself 
and Mrs. G ILLIBRAND ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 284, strike lines 4 through 8 and in-
sert the following: 
(xix) Supporting the efforts and profes-
sional development of teachers, principals, and other school leaders to integrate aca-demic and career and technical education content into instructional practices, which may include— (I) integrating career and technical edu-
cation with advanced coursework, such as by allowing the acquisition of postsecondary credits, recognized postsecondary creden-tials, and industry-based credentials, by stu-dents while in high school; or 
(II) coordinating activities with employers 
and entities carrying out initiatives under other workforce development programs to identify State and regional workforce needs, such as through the development of State and local plans under title I of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3111 et seq); 
On page 306, strike lines 18 through 23 and 
insert the following: 
(U) providing high-quality professional de-
velopment for teachers, principals, and other school leaders on effective strategies to inte-grate rigorous academic content, career and technical education, and work-based learn-ing, if appropriate, which may include pro-viding common planning time, to help pre-pare students for postsecondary education and the workforce without the need for re-mediation; and 
SA 2232. Mr. THUNE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 431, between lines 19 and 20, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(e) P ROJECT SERV.— 
‘‘(1) A DDITIONAL USE OF FUNDS .—Funds 
available under subsection (a)(4) for extended services grants under the Project School Emergency Response to Violence program (referred to in this subsection as the ‘Project SERV program’) may be used by a local edu-cational agency or institution of higher edu-cation receiving such grant to initiate or strengthen violence prevention activities, as part of the activities designed to restore the learning environment that was disrupted by the violent or traumatic crisis in response to which the grant was awarded, and as pro-vided in this subsection. 
‘‘(2) A
PPLICATION PROCESS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A local educational 
agency or institution of higher education de-siring to use a portion of extended services grant funds under the Project SERV pro-gram to initiate or strengthen a violence prevention activity shall— 
‘‘(i) submit, in an application that meets 
all requirements of the Secretary for the Project SERV program, the information de-scribed in subparagraph (B); or 
‘‘(ii) in the case of a local educational 
agency or institution of higher education that has already received an extended serv-ices grant under the Project SERV program, submit an addition to the original applica-tion that includes the information described in subparagraph (B). 
‘‘(B) A
PPLICATION REQUIREMENTS .—The in-
formation required under this subparagraph is the following: 
‘‘(i) A demonstration that there is a con-
tinued disruption or a substantial risk of dis-ruption to the learning environment that would be addressed by such activity. 
‘‘(ii) An explanation of the proposed activ-
ity designed to restore and preserve the learning environment. 
‘‘(iii) A budget and budget narrative for 
the proposed activity. 
‘‘(3) A
WARD BASIS .—Any award of funds 
under the Project SERV program for vio-lence prevention activities under this sub-section shall be subject to the discretion of 
the Secretary and the availability of funds. 
‘‘(4) P
ROHIBITED USE .—No funds provided to 
a local educational agency or institution of higher education under the Project SERV program for violence prevention activities may be used for construction, renovation, or repair of a facility or for the permanent in-frastructure of the local educational agency or institution. 
SA 2233. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 630, between lines 4 and 5, insert 
the following: 
SEC. 5011. WORLD LANGUAGE ADVANCEMENT 
GRANT PROGRAM. 
Title V (20 U.S.C. 7201 et seq.), as amended 
by section 5001, is further amended by insert-ing after part I, as added by section 5010, the following: 
‘‘PART J—WORLD LANGUAGE 
ADVANCEMENT ACT 
‘‘SEC. 5910. SHORT TITLE. 
‘‘This part may be cited as the ‘World Lan-
guage Advancement Act of 2015’. 
‘‘SEC. 5911. PROGRAM AUTHORIZED. 
‘‘(a) P ROGRAM AUTHORITY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary is author-
ized to make grants, on a competitive basis, to State educational agencies and local edu-cational agencies to pay the Federal share of the cost of innovative model programs pro-viding for the establishment, improvement, or expansion of foreign language study for el-ementary school and secondary school stu-dents. 
‘‘(2) D
URATION .—Each grant under para-
graph (1) shall be awarded for a period of 3 years. 
‘‘(b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In awarding a grant 
under subsection (a) to a State educational agency or local educational agency, the Sec-retary shall support programs that— 
‘‘(1) show the promise of being continued 
beyond the grant period; 
‘‘(2) demonstrate approaches that can be 
disseminated and duplicated in other States or local educational agencies; and 
‘‘(3) may include a professional develop-
ment component. 
‘‘(c) F
EDERAL SHARE .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Federal share for 
each fiscal year shall be 50 percent. 
‘‘(2) W AIVER .—The Secretary may waive all 
or part of the matching requirement de-scribed in paragraph (1) for any fiscal year for a State educational agency or local edu-cational agency if the Secretary determines that applying the matching requirement would result in serious hardship or an inabil-ity to carry out the activities described in this part. 
‘‘(d) S
PECIAL RULE.—Not less than 75 per-
cent of the funds made available to carry out this part shall be used for the expansion of foreign language learning in the elementary grades. 
‘‘(e) R
ESERVATION .—The Secretary may re-
serve not more than 5 percent of funds made available to carry out this part for a fiscal year to evaluate the efficacy of programs as-sisted under this part. 
‘‘SEC. 5912. APPLICATIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Any State educational 
agency or local educational agency desiring a grant under this part shall submit an ap-plication to the Secretary at such time, in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.024 S14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5066 July 14, 2015 
such manner, and containing such informa-
tion and assurances as the Secretary may re-quire. 
‘‘(b) S
PECIAL CONSIDERATION .—The Sec-
retary shall give special consideration to ap-plications describing programs that— 
‘‘(1) include intensive summer foreign lan-
guage programs for professional development of foreign language teachers; 
‘‘(2) link non-native English speakers in 
the community with the schools in order to promote two-way language learning; 
‘‘(3) promote the sequential study of a for-
eign language for students, beginning in ele-mentary schools; 
‘‘(4) make effective use of technology, such 
as computer-assisted instruction, language laboratories, or distance learning, to pro-mote foreign language study; and 
‘‘(5) promote innovative activities, such as 
foreign language immersion, partial foreign language immersion, or content-based in-struction. 
‘‘SEC. 5913. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
‘‘There are authorized to be appropriated 
to carry out this part such sums as may be necessary.’’. 
SA 2234. Mr. LEE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
After section 9115, insert the following: 
SEC. 9116. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION REGARDING 
TRAVEL TO AND FROM SCHOOL. 
Subpart 2 of part F of title IX (20 U.S.C. 
7901 et seq.), as amended by sections, 9114 and 9115, and redesignated by section 9601, is fur-ther amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 9539A. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION REGARD-
ING TRAVEL TO AND FROM SCHOOL. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection 
(b), nothing in this Act shall authorize the Secretary to, or shall be construed to— 
‘‘(1) prohibit a child from traveling to and 
from school on foot or by car, bus, or bike when the parents of the child have given per-mission; or 
‘‘(2) expose parents to civil or criminal 
charges for allowing their child to respon-sibly and safely travel to and from school by a means the parents believe is age appro-priate. 
‘‘(b) N
OPREEMPTION OF STATE OR LOCAL  
LAWS.—Notwithstanding subsection (a), 
nothing in this section shall be construed to preempt State or local laws.’’. 
SA 2235. Ms. HEITKAMP submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. 
MURRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, to reau-
thorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 669, strike lines 3 and 4, and insert 
the following: 
‘‘(7) activities designed to educate individ-
uals and improve school climate and safety, such as training for school personnel related to conflict prevention and resolution prac-tices, including— 
‘‘(A) suicide prevention; ‘‘(B) substance abuse prevention; ‘‘(C) effective and trauma-informed prac-
tices in classroom management; ‘‘(D) crisis management techniques; 
‘‘(E) human trafficking (defined as an act 
or practice described in paragraph (9) or (10) of section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Pro-tection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102)); and 
‘‘(F) school-based violence prevention 
strategies; 
SA 2236. Ms. WARREN (for herself, 
Mr. B OOKER , Mr. D URBIN , Ms. B ALDWIN , 
Mr. B ROWN , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. M ARKEY , 
Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. 
WYDEN , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. F RANKEN , and 
Mr. C OONS ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER  
(for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, to reauthorize the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 146, line 12, strike the semicolon 
and insert the following: ‘‘, which method shall identify a public high school as in need of intervention and support if the high school— 
(i) has a 4-year adjusted cohort graduation 
rate at or below 67 percent for 2 or more con-secutive years; or 
(ii) has an extended-year adjusted cohort 
graduation rate at or below 67 percent (or a higher percentage determined by the State); 
SA 2237. Mr. WYDEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 840, after line 5, add the following: 
PART C—MISCELLANEOUS 
REAUTHORIZATIONS 
SEC. 10301. EXTENSION OF SECURE RURAL 
SCHOOLS AND COMMUNITY SELF- DETERMINATION PROGRAM. 
(a) D EFINITION OF FULLFUNDING AMOUNT .— 
Section 3(11) of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7102(11)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
at the end; 
(2) in subparagraph (C)— (A) by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2012 and each 
fiscal year thereafter’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2012 and 2013’’; and 
(B) by striking the period at the end and 
inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) for fiscal year 2014 and each fiscal 
year thereafter, the amount that is equal to the full funding amount for fiscal year 2011.’’. 
(b) S
ECURE PAYMENTS FOR STATES AND  
COUNTIES CONTAINING FEDERAL LAND.— 
(1) A VAILABILITY OF PAYMENTS .—Section 
101 of the Secure Rural Schools and Commu-nity Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7111) is amended by striking ‘‘2013’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘2016’’. 
(2) E
LECTIONS .—Section 102(b) of the Secure 
Rural Schools and Community Self-Deter-mination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7112(b)) is amended— 
(A) in paragraph (1)(A), by striking ‘‘by 
August 1, 2013 (or as soon thereafter as the Secretary concerned determines is prac-ticable), and August 1 of each second fiscal year thereafter’’ and inserting ‘‘by August 1 of each applicable fiscal year (or as soon thereafter as the Secretary concerned deter-mines is practicable)’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)(B)— 
(i) by striking ‘‘in 2013’’ and inserting ‘‘in 
2014’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2013’’ and in-
serting ‘‘fiscal year 2016’’. 
(3) E
LECTION AS TO USE OF BALANCE .—Sec-
tion 102(d)(1) of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7112(d)(1)) is amended— 
(A) in subparagraph (B)(ii), by striking 
‘‘not more than 7 percent of the total share for the eligible county of the State payment or the county payment’’ and inserting ‘‘any portion of the balance’’; and 
(B) by striking subparagraph (C) and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(C) C
OUNTIES WITH MAJOR DISTRIBUTIONS .— 
In the case of each eligible county to which $350,000 or more is distributed for any fiscal year pursuant to paragraph (1)(B) or (2)(B) of subsection (a), the eligible county shall elect to do 1 or more of the following with the bal-ance of any funds not expended pursuant to subparagraph (A): 
‘‘(i) Reserve any portion of the balance for 
projects in accordance with title II. 
‘‘(ii) Reserve not more than 7 percent of 
the total share for the eligible county of the State payment or the county payment for projects in accordance with title III. 
‘‘(iii) Return the portion of the balance not 
reserved under clauses (i) and (ii) to the Treasury of the United States.’’. 
(4) N
OTIFICATION OF ELECTION .—Section 
102(d)(3)(A) of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7112(d)(3)(A)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘2012,’’ and inserting ‘‘2014 (or as soon thereafter as the Secretary concerned deter-mines is practicable)’’. 
(5) F
AILURE TO ELECT .—Section 
102(d)(3)(B)(ii) of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7112(d)(3)(B)(ii)) is amended by striking ‘‘purpose described in section 202(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘purposes described in section 202(b), 203(c), or 204(a)(5)’’. 
(6) D
ISTRIBUTION OF PAYMENTS TO ELIGIBLE  
COUNTIES .—Section 103(d)(2) of the Secure 
Rural Schools and Community Self-Deter-mination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7113(d)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘2013’’ and inserting ‘‘2016’’. 
(c) C
ONTINUATION OF AUTHORITY TOCON-
DUCT SPECIAL PROJECTS ON FEDERAL LAND.— 
(1) S UBMISSION OF PROJECT PROPOSALS .— 
Section 203(a)(1) of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7123(a)(1)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘September 30 for fiscal year 2008 (or as soon thereafter as the Secretary concerned determines is practicable), and each Sep-tember 30 thereafter for each succeeding fis-cal year through fiscal year 2013’’ and insert-ing ‘‘September 30 of each applicable fiscal year (or as soon thereafter as the Secretary concerned determines is practicable)’’. 
(2) E
VALUATION AND APPROVAL OF PROJECTS  
BY SECRETARY CONCERNED .—Section 204(e) of 
the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7124(e)) is amended by striking paragraph (3). 
(3) R
ESOURCE ADVISORY COMMITTEES .—Sec-
tion 205(a)(4) of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7125(a)(4)) is amended by striking ‘‘2012’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘2015’’. 
(4) A
VAILABILITY OF PROJECT FUNDS .—Sec-
tion 207(a) of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7127(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2008 (or as soon thereafter as the Secretary concerned determines is prac-ticable), and each September 30 thereafter for each succeeding fiscal year through fiscal year 2013’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30 of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.024 S14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5067 July 14, 2015 
each applicable fiscal year (or as soon there-
after as the Secretary concerned determines is practicable)’’. 
(5) T
ERMINATION OF AUTHORITY .—Section 
208 of the Secure Rural Schools and Commu-nity Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7128) is amended— 
(A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘2013’’ 
and inserting ‘‘2016 (or as soon thereafter as the Secretary concerned determines is prac-ticable)’’; and 
(B) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘2014’’ 
and inserting ‘‘2017’’. 
(d) C
ONTINUATION OF AUTHORITY TO RE-
SERVE AND USECOUNTY FUNDS .—Section 304 
of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7144) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘2013’’ and 
inserting ‘‘2016 (or as soon thereafter as the Secretary concerned determines is prac-ticable)’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘Sep-
tember 30, 2014, shall be returned to the Treasury of the United States’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2017, may be retained by the counties for the purposes identified in sec-tion 302(a)(2)’’. 
(e) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
Section 402 of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7152) is amended by striking ‘‘2013’’ and inserting ‘‘2016’’. 
(f) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .— 
(1) T ITLE II FUNDS .—Any funds that were 
not obligated as required by section 208 of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7128) (as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act) shall be available for use in accordance with title II of that Act (16 U.S.C. 7121 et seq.). 
(2) T
ITLE III FUNDS .—Any funds that were 
not obligated as required by section 304 of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7144) (as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act) shall be available for use in accordance with title III of that Act (16 U.S.C. 7141 et seq.). 
SEC. 10302. RESTORING MANDATORY FUNDING 
STATUS TO THE PAYMENT IN LIEU OF TAXES PROGRAM. 
Section 6906 of title 31, United States Code, 
is amended in the matter preceding para-graph (1), by striking ‘‘of fiscal years 2008 through 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year’’. 
SA 2238. Ms. WARREN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 128, line 7, insert ‘‘the school re-
ceives a waiver from the State educational agency and’’ after ‘‘if’’. 
SA 2239. Ms. WARREN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 53, strike line 6 and all 
that follows through line 3 on page 54 and in-sert the following: 
‘‘(i)(I) Annually establishes State-designed 
ambitious but achievable goals for all stu-dents and separately for each of the cat-
egories of students in the State. Such goals shall expect accelerated academic gains from the categories of students who are the far-thest away from reaching the State-deter-mined multi-year goals as described in sub-clause (II) and the graduation rate goals as described in subclause (III) and shall include, at a minimum— 
‘‘(aa) academic achievement, which may 
include student growth, on the State assess-ments under paragraph (2); and 
‘‘(bb) high school graduation rates, includ-
ing— 
‘‘(AA) the 4-year adjusted cohort gradua-
tion rate; and 
‘‘(BB) at the State’s discretion, the ex-
tended-year adjusted cohort graduation rate. 
‘‘(II) Sets multi-year goals that are con-
sistent with the challenging State academic standards under subsection (b)(1)(A) to en-sure that all students graduate prepared to enter the workforce or postsecondary edu-cation without the need for postsecondary remediation. 
‘‘(III) Sets a multi-year graduation rate 
goal of not less than 90 percent. 
SA 2240. Mr. SCHATZ (for himself, 
Ms. M URKOWSKI , and Mr. D AINES ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 sub-mitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself 
and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, to 
reauthorize the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of the bill, add the following: 
SEC. 1020 ll. REPORT ON NATIVE AMERICAN 
LANGUAGE MEDIUM EDUCATION. 
(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this section 
is to authorize a study to evaluate all levels of education being provided primarily through the medium of Native languages and to require a report of the findings, within the context of the findings, purposes, and provi-sions of the Native American Languages Act (25 U.S.C. 2901), the findings, purposes, and provisions of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.), and other related laws. 
(b) S
TUDY AND REVIEW .—The Secretary of 
Education shall award grants to eligible en-tities to study and review Native language medium schools and programs. 
(c) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY DEFINED .—In this sec-
tion, the term ‘‘eligible entity’’ means a con-sortium that— 
(1) includes not less than 3 units of an in-
stitution of higher education, such as a de-partment, center, or college, that has signifi-cant experience— 
(A) and expertise in Native American or 
Alaska Native languages, and Native lan-guage medium education; and 
(B) in outreach and collaboration with Na-
tive communities; 
(2) has within its membership at least 10 
years of experience— 
(A) addressing a range of Native American 
or Alaska Native languages and indigenous language medium education issues through the lens of Native studies, linguistics, and education; and 
(B) working in close association with a va-
riety of schools and programs taught pre-dominantly through the medium of a Native language; 
(3) includes for each of American Indians, 
Alaska Natives, and Native Hawaiians, at least 1 unit of an institution of higher edu-cation that focuses on schools that serve such populations; and 
(4) includes Native American scholars and 
staff who are fluent in Native American lan-guages. (d) A
PPLICATIONS .—An eligible entity that 
desires to receive a grant under this section shall submit an application to the Secretary of Education that— 
(1) identifies 1 unit in the consortium that 
is the lead unit of the consortium for the study, reporting, and funding purposes; 
(2) includes letters of verification of par-
ticipation from the top internal administra-tors of each unit in the consortium; 
(3) includes a brief description of how the 
consortium meets the eligibility qualifica-tions under subsection (c); 
(4) describes the work proposed to carry 
out the purpose of this section; and 
(5) provides other information as requested 
by the Secretary of Education. 
(e) S
COPE OF STUDY .—An eligible entity 
that receives a grant under this section shall use the grant funds to study and review Na-tive American language medium schools and programs and evaluate the components, poli-cies, and practices of successful Native lan-guage medium schools and programs and how the students who enroll in them do over the long term, including— 
(1) the level of expertise in educational 
pedagogy, Native language fluency, and ex-perience of the principal, teachers, para-professionals, and other educational staff; 
(2) how such schools and programs are 
using Native languages to provide instruc-tion in reading, language arts, mathematics, science, and, as applicable, other core aca-demic subjects; 
(3) how such school and programs’ cur-
ricula incorporates the relevant Native cul-ture of the students; 
(4) how such schools and programs assess 
the academic proficiency of the students, in-cluding— 
(A) whether the school administers assess-
ments of language arts, mathematics, science, and other academic subjects in the Native language of instruction; 
(B) whether the school administers assess-
ments of language arts, mathematics, science, and other academic subjects in English; and 
(C) how the standards measured by the as-
sessments in the Native language of instruc-tion and in English compare; 
(5) the academic, graduation rate, and 
other outcomes of students who have com-pleted the highest grade taught primarily through such schools or programs, including, when available, college attendance rates compared with demographically similar stu-dents who did not attend a school in which the language of instruction was a Native lan-guage; and 
(6) other appropriate information con-
sistent with the purpose of this section. 
(f) O
THER ENTITIES .—An eligible entity 
may enter into a contract with another indi-vidual, entity, or organization to assist in carrying out research necessary to fulfill the purpose of this section. 
(g) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—Not later than 18 
months after the date of enactment of this Act, an eligible entity that receives a grant under this section shall— 
(1) develop a detailed statement of findings 
and conclusions regarding the study com-pleted under subsection (e), including rec-ommendations for such legislative and ad-ministrative actions as the eligible entity considers to be appropriate; and 
(2) submit a report setting forth the find-
ings and conclusions, including recommenda-tions, described in paragraph (1) to each of the following: 
(A) The Committee on Health, Education, 
Labor, and Pensions of the Senate. 
(B) The Committee on Education and the 
Workforce of the House of Representatives. 
(C) The Committee on Indian Affairs of the 
Senate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.025 S14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5068 July 14, 2015 
(D) The Subcommittee on Indian, Insular, 
and Alaska Native Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
(E) The Secretary of Education. (F) The Secretary of the Interior. 
SA 2241. Mr. MURPHY (for himself, 
Mr. B OOKER , Mr. C OONS , Ms. W ARREN , 
and Mr. D URBIN ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 26, strike lines 5 through 9. 
On page 27, line 11, strike ‘‘goals, or 
metrics’’ and insert ‘‘or goals’’. 
On page 27, strike lines 13 through 17. Beginning on page 53, strike line 6 and all 
that follows through page 58, line 25, and in-sert the following: 
‘‘(i) Establishes measurable State-designed 
goals for all students and separately for each of the categories of students in the State that take into account the progress nec-essary for all students and each of the cat-egories of students to graduate from high school prepared for postsecondary education or the workforce without the need for post-secondary remediation, which shall be based on a composite of the following indicators: 
‘‘(I) Academic achievement, which may in-
clude student growth, on the State assess-ments under paragraph (2). 
‘‘(II) High school graduation rates, includ-
ing— 
‘‘(aa) the 4-year adjusted cohort gradua-
tion rate; and 
‘‘(bb) at the State’s discretion, the ex-
tended-year adjusted cohort graduation rate. 
‘‘(III) For public elementary schools and 
secondary schools that are not high schools, an academic indicator of student perform-ance that is valid and reliable and the same statewide for all public elementary school students and all students at such secondary schools and each category of students and which is consistent with progress toward readiness for postsecondary education or the workforce without the need for postsec-ondary remediation, which may include— 
‘‘(aa) measures of early literacy skills; ‘‘(bb) performance measures aligned to the 
State’s challenging academic standards; 
‘‘(cc) student project-based assessments or 
student portfolios that meet assessment re-quirements under clauses (i) through (v), (vii), (viii), and (x) through (xiii) of para-graph (2)(B); or 
‘‘(dd) on-track rates to postsecondary edu-
cation or the workforce without the need for postsecondary remediation. 
‘‘(IV) English language proficiency of all 
English learners towards meeting the goals described in subsection (c)(1)(K) in all public schools and local educational agencies, which may include measures of student growth. 
‘‘(V) Not less than one other valid and reli-
able indicator of student readiness to enter postsecondary education or the workforce without the need for remediation, that will be applied to all local educational agencies and all public schools consistently through-out the State for all students and for each of the categories of students, which may in-clude measures of— 
‘‘(aa) successful completion of Advanced 
Placement, International Baccalaureate, dual or concurrent enrollment, or early col-lege high school courses; 
‘‘(bb) student project-based assessments or 
student portfolios that meet assessment re-quirements under clauses (i) through (v), 
(vii), (viii), and (x) through (xiii) of para-graph (2)(B); 
‘‘(cc) student attainment of industry-rec-
ognized credentials for career and technical education; or 
‘‘(dd) performance measures aligned to the 
State’s challenging academic standards. 
‘‘(VI) Not less than one other valid and re-
liable indicator of school quality, student success, or student supports, as determined appropriate by the State, that will be applied to all local educational agencies and public schools consistently throughout the State for all students and for each of the cat-egories of students, which may include meas-ures of— 
‘‘(aa) student engagement, such as attend-
ance rates and chronic absenteeism; 
‘‘(bb) educator engagement, such as educa-
tor satisfaction (including working condi-tions within the school), teacher quality and effectiveness, and teacher absenteeism; 
‘‘(cc) results from student, parent, and edu-
cator surveys; 
‘‘(dd) school climate and safety, such as in-
cidents of school violence, bullying, and har-assment, and disciplinary rates, including rates of suspension, expulsion, referrals to law enforcement, school-based arrests, dis-ciplinary transfers (including placements in alternative schools), and student detentions; 
‘‘(ee) student access to or success in ad-
vanced coursework or educational programs or opportunities; and 
‘‘(ff) any other State-determined measure 
of school quality or student success. 
‘‘(VII) In carrying out this clause and in 
developing the composite goals for all stu-dents and for each category of students, the indicators described in subclauses (I), (II), (III), and (IV) shall weigh more heavily than the indicators described in subclauses (V) and (VI) combined. 
‘‘(ii) Establishes a system of annually iden-
tifying and meaningfully differentiating among all public schools in the State, which shall— 
‘‘(I) be based on the goals described in 
clause (i) for all students and separately for each of the categories of students; and 
‘‘(II) differentiate schools where any cat-
egory of students miss the goals described in clause (i) for 2 consecutive years. 
‘‘(iii) For public schools receiving assist-
ance under this part, meets the requirements of section 1114. 
‘‘(iv) Provides a clear and understandable 
explanation of the method of identifying and meaningfully differentiating schools under clause (ii). 
‘‘(v) Measures the annual progress of not 
less than 95 percent of all students, and stu-dents in each of the categories of students, who are enrolled in the school and are re-quired to take the assessments under para-graph (2) and provides a clear and under-standable explanation of how the State will factor this requirement into the State-de-signed accountability system determina-tions. 
On page 61, line 13, strike 
‘‘(3)(B)(ii)(II)(aa)’’ and insert ‘‘(3)(B)(i)(III)’’. 
On page 61, line 14, strike ‘‘paragraph 
(3)(B)(ii)(IV)’’ and insert ‘‘subclause (V) or (VI) of paragraph (3)(B)(i)’’. 
On page 61, lines 18 and 19, strike ‘‘sub-
clauses (III) and (IV) of paragraph (3)(B)(ii)’’ and insert ‘‘subclauses (IV), (V), and (VI) of paragraph (3)(B)(i)’’. 
Beginning on page 61, strike line 22 and all 
that follows through page 62, line 4. 
Beginning on page 62, strike line 23 and all 
that follows through page 63, line 25 and in-sert the following: 
‘‘(i) the minimum number of students that 
the State determines are necessary to be in-cluded in each such category of students to carry out such requirements and how that 
number is statistically sound and is the same for each category of students; 
‘‘(ii) how such minimum number of stu-
dents was determined by the State, including how the State collaborated with teachers, principals, other school leaders, parents, and other stakeholders when setting the min-imum number; and 
‘‘(iii) how the State ensures that such min-
imum number does not reveal personally identifiable information about students; 
‘‘(B) the State educational agency’s system 
to monitor and evaluate the intervention and support strategies implemented by local educational agencies in schools identified as in need of intervention and support under section 1114(a)(1)(A), and, if such strategies are not effective within 3 years of implemen-tation, the steps the State will take to fur-ther assist local educational agencies; 
Beginning on page 146, strike line 3 and all 
that follows through page 156, line 2, and in-sert the following: 
‘‘(a) S
TATE REVIEW AND RESPONSIBILITIES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each State educational 
agency receiving funds under this part shall use the system designed by the State under section 1111(b)(3) to annually— 
‘‘(A) meaningfully differentiate among all 
public schools, including public schools oper-ated or supported by the Bureau of Indian Education, that receive funds under this part and are in need of intervention and support using the method established by the State in section 1111(b)(3)(B)(ii) which— 
‘‘(i) may include establishing multiple lev-
els of school performance or other methods for differentiating among all public schools; and 
‘‘(ii) shall include the identification of at 
least— 
‘‘(I) the lowest-performing public schools 
that receive funds under this part in the State not meeting the goals described in sec-
tion 1111(b)(3)(B)(i), and which shall include at least 5 percent of all the State’s public schools that receive funds under this part; 
‘‘(II) any public high school that receives 
funds under this part and has a 4-year ad-justed cohort graduation rate at or below 67 percent for 2 or more consecutive years, or an extended-year adjusted cohort graduation rate for 2 or more consecutive years that is at or below a rate determined by the State and set higher than 67 percent; and 
‘‘(III) any public school that receives funds 
under this part with any category of stu-dents, as defined in section 1111(b)(3)(A), not meeting the goals described in section 1111(b)(3)(B)(i) for 2 consecutive years; 
‘‘(B) require for inclusion— ‘‘(i) on each local educational agency re-
port card required under section 1111(d), the names of schools served by the agency de-scribed under subparagraph (A)(ii); and 
‘‘(ii) on each school report card required 
under section 1111(d), whether the school was described under subparagraph (A)(ii); 
‘‘(C) ensure that all public schools that re-
ceive funds under this part and are identified as in need of intervention and support under subparagraph (A), implement an evidence- based intervention or support strategy de-signed by the State or local educational agency described in subparagraph (A) or (B) of subsection (b)(3) that addresses the reason for the school’s identification and that takes into account performance on all of the indi-cators in the State’s accountability system under section 1111(b)(3)(B)(i); 
‘‘(D) prioritize intervention and supports 
in the identified schools most in need of intervention and support, as determined by the State, using the results of the account-ability system under 1111(b)(3)(B); and 
‘‘(E) monitor and evaluate the implemen-
tation of school intervention and support 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.025 S14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5069 July 14, 2015 
strategies by local educational agencies, in-
cluding in the lowest-performing elementary schools and secondary schools in the State, and use the results of the evaluation to take appropriate steps to change or improve interventions or support strategies as nec-essary. 
‘‘(2) S
TATE EDUCATIONAL AGENCY RESPON -
SIBILITIES .—The State educational agency 
shall— 
‘‘(A) make technical assistance available 
to local educational agencies that serve schools identified as in need of intervention and support under paragraph (1)(A); 
‘‘(B) if the State educational agency deter-
mines that a local educational agency failed to carry out its responsibilities under this section, or that its intervention and support strategies were not effective within 3 years of implementation, take such actions as the State educational agency determines to be appropriate and in compliance with State law to assist the local educational agency and ensure that such local educational agen-cy is carrying out its responsibilities; 
‘‘(C) inform local educational agencies of 
schools identified as in need of intervention and support under paragraph (1)(A) in a timely and easily accessible manner that is before the beginning of the school year; and 
‘‘(D) publicize and disseminate to the pub-
lic, including teachers, principals and other school leaders, and parents, the results of the State review under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(b) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY REVIEW  
ANDRESPONSIBILITIES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Each local educational 
agency with a school identified as in need of intervention and support under subsection (a)(1)(A) shall, in consultation with teachers, principals and other school leaders, school personnel, parents, and community mem-bers— 
‘‘(A) conduct a review of such school, in-
cluding by examining the indicators and measures included in the State-determined accountability system described in section 1111(b)(3)(B) to determine the factors that led to such identification; 
‘‘(B) conduct a review of the policies, pro-
cedures, personnel decisions, and budgetary decisions of the local educational agency, in-cluding the measures on the local edu-cational agency and school report cards under section 1111(d) that impact the school and could have contributed to the identifica-tion of the school; 
‘‘(C) develop and implement appropriate 
intervention and support strategies, as de-scribed in paragraph (3), that are propor-tional to the identified needs of the school, for assisting the identified school; 
‘‘(D) develop a rigorous comprehensive 
plan that will be publicly available and pro-vided to parents, for ensuring the successful implementation of the intervention and sup-port strategies described in paragraph (3) in identified schools, which may include— 
‘‘(i) technical assistance that will be pro-
vided to the school; 
‘‘(ii) ensuring identified schools have ac-
cess to resources, such as adequate facilities, funding, and technology; 
‘‘(iii) improved delivery of services to be 
provided by the local educational agency; 
‘‘(iv) increased support for stronger cur-
riculum, program of instruction, wraparound services, or other resources provided to stu-dents in the school; 
‘‘(v) any changes to personnel necessary to 
improve educational opportunities for chil-dren in the school; 
‘‘(vi) redesigning how time for student 
learning or teacher collaboration is used within the school; 
‘‘(vii) using data to inform instruction for 
continuous improvement; ‘‘(viii) providing increased coaching or sup-
port for principals and other school leaders and teachers; 
‘‘(ix) improving school climate and safety; ‘‘(x) providing ongoing mechanisms, such 
as evidence-based community schools and wraparound services, for family and commu-nity engagement to improve student learn-ing; 
‘‘(xi) establishing partnerships with enti-
ties, including private entities with a dem-onstrated record of improving student achievement, that will assist the local edu-cational agency in fulfilling its responsibil-ities under this section; and 
‘‘(xii) an ongoing process, involving par-
ents, teachers and their representatives, principals, and other school leaders, to im-prove school leader and staff engagement in the development and implementation of the comprehensive plan; and 
‘‘(E) collect and use data on an ongoing 
basis to monitor the results of the interven-tion and support strategies and adjust such strategies as necessary during implementa-tion in order to improve student academic achievement. 
‘‘(2) N
OTICE TO PARENTS .—A local edu-
cational agency shall promptly provide to a parent or parents of each student enrolled in a school identified as in need of intervention and support under subsection (a)(1)(A) in an easily accessible and understandable form and, to the extent practicable, in a language that parents can understand— 
‘‘(A) an explanation of what the identifica-
tion means, and how the school compares in terms of academic achievement and other measures in the State accountability system under section 1111(b)(3)(B) to other schools served by the local educational agency and the State educational agency involved; 
‘‘(B) the reasons for the identification; ‘‘(C) an explanation of what the local edu-
cational agency or State educational agency is doing to help the school address student academic achievement and other measures, including a description of the intervention and support strategies developed under para-graph (1)(C) that will be implemented in the school; 
‘‘(D) an explanation of how the parents can 
become involved in addressing academic achievement and other measures that caused the school to be identified; and 
‘‘(E) an explanation of the parents’ option 
to transfer their child to another public school under paragraph (4), if applicable. 
‘‘(3) S
CHOOL INTERVENTION AND SUPPORT  
STRATEGIES .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Consistent with sub-
section (a)(1) and paragraph (1), a local edu-cational agency shall develop and implement evidence-based intervention and support strategies for an identified school that the local educational agency determines appro-priate to address the needs of students in such identified school, which shall— 
‘‘(i) be designed to address the specific rea-
sons for identification, as described in para-graph (1)(A); 
‘‘(ii) take into account performance on the 
indicators used by the State as described in 1111(b)(3)(B)(i); 
‘‘(iii) be implemented, at a minimum, in a 
manner that is proportional to the specific reasons for identification, as described in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (1); and 
‘‘(iv) distinguish between the schools iden-
tified in subclauses (I) and (II) of subsection (a)(1)(A)(ii) and in need of comprehensive supports and schools identified in subsection (a)(1)(A)(ii)(III) in need of targeted supports. 
‘‘(B) S
TATE -DETERMINED STRATEGIES .—Con-
sistent with State law, a State educational agency may establish alternative evidence- based State-determined strategies that can be used by local educational agencies to as-
sist a school identified as in need of inter-vention and support under subsection (a)(1)(A), in addition to the assistance strate-gies developed by a local educational agency under subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(4) P
UBLIC SCHOOL CHOICE .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—A local educational 
agency may provide all students enrolled in a school identified as in need of intervention and support under subclauses (I) and (II) of subsection (a)(1)(A)(ii) with the option to transfer to another public school served by the local educational agency, unless such an option is prohibited by State law. 
‘‘(B) P
RIORITY .—In providing students the 
option to transfer to another public school, the local educational agency shall give pri-ority to the lowest achieving children from low-income families, as determined by the local educational agency for the purposes of allocating funds to schools under section 1113(a)(3). 
‘‘(C) T
REATMENT .—Students who use the 
option to transfer to another public school shall be enrolled in classes and other activi-ties in the public school to which the stu-dents transfer in the same manner as all other children at the public school. 
‘‘(D) S
PECIAL RULE .—A local educational 
agency shall permit a child who transfers to another public school under this paragraph to remain in that school until the child has completed the highest grade in that school. 
‘‘(E) F
UNDING FOR TRANSPORTATION .—A 
local educational agency may spend an amount equal to not more than 5 percent of its allocation under subpart 2 to pay for the provision of transportation for students who transfer under this paragraph to the public schools to which the students transfer. 
On page 156, strike lines 13 through 15. 
SA 2242. Mr. CASEY (for himself, 
Mrs. M URRAY , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. D URBIN , 
Mr. M URPHY , Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. B ALD-
WIN, Mr. U DALL , Mr. S CHATZ , Ms. M I-
KULSKI , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. 
WHITEHOUSE , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. 
WYDEN , Mr. C OONS , Ms. W ARREN , Ms. 
CANTWELL , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. S CHU-
MER, Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. 
TESTER , Mr. R EED, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , and 
Mr. M ERKLEY ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title X, add the following: 
PART C—UNIVERSAL PREKINDERGARTEN 
Subpart A—Prekindergarten Access 
SEC. 10300. SHORT TITLE. 
This part may be cited as the ‘‘Strong 
Start for America’s Children Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 10301. PURPOSES. 
The purposes of this subpart are to— (1) establish a Federal-State partnership to 
provide access to high-quality public pre-kindergarten programs for all children from low-income and moderate-income families to ensure that they enter kindergarten pre-pared for success; 
(2) broaden participation in such programs 
to include children from additional middle- class families; 
(3) promote access to high-quality kinder-
garten, and high-quality early childhood education programs and settings for chil-dren; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.026 S14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5070 July 14, 2015 
(4) increase access to appropriate supports 
so children with disabilities and other chil-dren who need specialized supports can fully participate in high-quality early education programs. 
SEC. 10302. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subpart: (1) C
HILD WITH A DISABILITY .—The term 
‘‘child with a disability’’ means— 
(A) a child with a disability, as defined in 
section 602 of the Individuals with Disabil-ities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1401); or 
(B) an infant or toddler with a disability, 
as defined in section 632 of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1432). 
(2) C
OMPREHENSIVE EARLY LEARNING AS -
SESSMENT SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘comprehen-
sive early learning assessment system’’— 
(A) means a coordinated and comprehen-
sive system of multiple assessments, each of which is valid and reliable for its specified purpose and for the population with which it will be used, that— 
(i) organizes information about the process 
and context of young children’s learning and development to help early childhood edu-cators make informed instructional and pro-grammatic decisions; and 
(ii) conforms to the recommendations of 
the National Research Council reports on early childhood; and 
(B) includes, at a minimum— (i) child screening measures to identify 
children who may need follow-up services to address developmental, learning, or health needs in, at a minimum, areas of physical health, behavioral health, oral health, child development, vision, and hearing; 
(ii) child formative assessments; (iii) measures of environmental quality; 
and 
(iv) measures of the quality of adult-child 
interactions. 
(3) D
UAL LANGUAGE LEARNER .—The term 
‘‘dual language learner’’ means an individual who is limited English proficient. 
(4) E
ARLY CHILDHOOD EDUCATION PRO -
GRAM .—The term ‘‘early childhood education 
program’’ has the meaning given the term under section 103 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1003). 
(5) E
LEMENTARY SCHOOL .—The term ‘‘ele-
mentary school’’ has the meaning given the term in section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801). 
(6) E
LIGIBILITY DETERMINATION DATE .—The 
term ‘‘eligibility determination date’’ means the date used to determine eligibility for public elementary school in the community in which the eligible local entity involved is located. 
(7) E
LIGIBLE LOCAL ENTITY .—The term ‘‘eli-
gible local entity’’ means— 
(A) a local educational agency, including a 
charter school or a charter management or-ganization that acts as a local educational agency, or an educational service agency in partnership with a local educational agency; 
(B) an entity (including a Head Start pro-
gram or licensed child care setting) that car-ries out, administers, or supports an early childhood education program; or 
(C) a consortium of entities described in 
subparagraph (A) or (B). 
(8) F
ULL-DAY.—The term ‘‘full-day’’ means 
a day that is— 
(A) equivalent to a full school day at the 
public elementary schools in a State; and 
(B) not less than 5 hours a day. (9) G
OVERNOR .—The term ‘‘Governor’’ 
means the chief executive officer of a State. 
(10) H IGH-QUALITY PREKINDERGARTEN PRO -
GRAM .—The term ‘‘high-quality prekinder-
garten program’’ means a prekindergarten program supported by an eligible local enti-ty that includes, at a minimum, the fol-
lowing elements based on nationally recog-nized standards: 
(A) Serves children who— (i) are age 4 or children who are age 3 or 4, 
by the eligibility determination date (includ-ing children who turn age 5 while attending the program); or 
(ii) have attained the legal age for State- 
funded prekindergarten. 
(B) Requires high qualifications for staff, 
including that teachers meet the require-ments of 1 of the following clauses: 
(i) The teacher has a bachelor’s degree in 
early childhood education or a related field with coursework that demonstrates com-petence in early childhood education. 
(ii) The teacher— (I) has a bachelor’s degree in any field; (II) has demonstrated knowledge of early 
childhood education by passing a State-ap-
proved assessment in early childhood edu-cation; 
(III) while employed as a teacher in the 
prekindergarten program, is engaged in on-going professional development in early childhood education for not less than 2 years; and 
(IV) not more than 4 years after starting 
employment as a teacher in the prekinder-garten program, enrolls in and completes a State-approved educator preparation pro-gram in which the teacher receives training and support in early childhood education. 
(iii) The teacher has bachelor’s degree with 
a credential, license, or endorsement that demonstrates competence in early childhood education. 
(C) Maintains an evidence-based maximum 
class size. 
(D) Maintains an evidence-based child to 
instructional staff ratio. 
(E) Offers a full-day program. (F) Provides developmentally appropriate 
learning environments and evidence-based curricula that are aligned with the State’s early learning and development standards described in section 10305(1). 
(G) Offers instructional staff salaries com-
parable to kindergarten through grade 12 teaching staff. 
(H) Provides for ongoing monitoring and 
program evaluation to ensure continuous im-provement. 
(I) Offers accessible comprehensive services 
for children that include, at a minimum— 
(i) screenings for vision, hearing, dental, 
health (including mental health), and devel-opment (including early literacy and math skill development) and referrals, and assist-ance obtaining services, when appropriate; 
(ii) family engagement opportunities that 
take into account home language, such as parent conferences (including parent input about their child’s development) and support services, such as parent education, home vis-iting, and family literacy services; 
(iii) nutrition services, including nutri-
tious meals and snack options aligned with requirements set by the most recent Child and Adult Care Food Program guidelines promulgated by the Department of Agri-culture as well as regular, age-appropriate, nutrition education for children and their families; 
(iv) programs in coordination with local 
educational agencies and entities providing services and supports authorized under part B and part C of the Individuals with Disabil-ities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1411 et seq.; 1431 et seq.) to ensure the full participation of children with disabilities; 
(v) physical activity programs aligned with 
evidence-based guidelines, such as those rec-ommended by the Institute of Medicine, and which take into account and accommodate children with disabilities; (vi) additional support services, as appro-
priate, based on the findings of the commu-nity assessment, as described in section 10311(b)(4); and 
(vii) on-site coordination, to the maximum 
extent practicable. 
(J) Provides high-quality professional de-
velopment for all staff, including regular in- classroom observation for teachers and teacher assistants by individuals trained in such observation and which may include evi-dence-based coaching. 
(K) Meets the education performance 
standards in effect under section 641A(a)(1)(B) of the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9836a(a)(1)(B)). 
(L) Maintains evidence-based health and 
safety standards. 
(M) Maintains disciplinary policies that do 
not include expulsion or suspension of par-ticipating children, except as a last resort in extraordinary circumstances where— 
(i) there is a determination of a serious 
safety threat; and 
(ii) policies are in place to provide appro-
priate alternative early educational services to expelled or suspended children while they are out of school. 
(11) H
OMELESS CHILD .—The term ‘‘homeless 
child’’ means a child or youth described in section 725(2) of the McKinney-Vento Home-less Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11434a(2)). 
(12) I
NDIAN TRIBE ; TRIBAL ORGANIZATION .— 
The terms ‘‘Indian tribe’’ and ‘‘tribal organi-zation’’ have the meanings given the terms in 658P of the Child Care and Development Block Grant of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858n). 
(13) I
NSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .— 
The term ‘‘institution of higher education’’ has the meaning given the term in section 102 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1002). 
(14) L
IMITED ENGLISH PROFICIENT .—The 
term ‘‘limited English proficient’’ has the meaning given the term in section 637 of the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9832). 
(15) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY ; STATE  
EDUCATIONAL AGENCY ; EDUCATIONAL SERVICE  
AGENCY .—The terms ‘‘local educational agen-
cy’’, ‘‘State educational agency’’, and ‘‘edu-cational service agency’’ have the meanings given the terms in section 9101 of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801). 
(16) M
IGRATORY CHILD .—The term ‘‘migra-
tory child’’ has the meaning given the term in section 1309 of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6399). 
(17) O
UTLYING AREA .—The term ‘‘outlying 
area’’ means each of the United States Vir-gin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Is-lands, and the Republic of Palau, the Fed-erated States of Micronesia, and the Repub-lic of the Marshall Islands. 
(18) P
OVERTY LINE .—The term ‘‘poverty 
line’’ means the official poverty line (as de-fined by the Office of Management and Budg-et)— 
(A) adjusted to reflect the percentage 
change in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the Department of Labor for the most recent 12-month period or other interval for which the data are available; and 
(B) applicable to a family of the size in-
volved. 
(19) S
ECONDARY SCHOOL .—The term ‘‘sec-
ondary school’’ has the meaning given the term in section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801). 
(20) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of Education. 
(21) S TATE .—Except as otherwise provided 
in this subpart, the term ‘‘State’’ means 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.027 S14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5071 July 14, 2015 
each of the 50 States, the District of Colum-
bia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and each of the outlying areas. 
(22) S
TATE ADVISORY COUNCIL ON EARLY  
CHILDHOOD EDUCATION AND CARE .—The term 
‘‘State Advisory Council on Early Childhood Education and Care’’ means the State Advi-sory Council on Early Childhood Education and Care established under section 642B(b) of the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9837b(b)). 
SEC. 10303. PROGRAM AUTHORIZATION. 
From amounts made available to carry out 
this subpart, the Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall award grants to States to im-plement high-quality prekindergarten pro-grams, consistent with the purposes of this subpart described in section 10301. For each fiscal year, the funds provided under a grant to a State shall equal the allotment deter-mined for the State under section 10304. 
SEC. 10304. ALLOTMENTS AND RESERVATIONS OF 
FUNDS. 
(a) R ESERVATION .—From the amount made 
available each fiscal year to carry out this subpart, the Secretary shall— 
(1) reserve not less than 1 percent and not 
more than 2 percent for payments to Indian tribes and tribal organizations; 
(2) reserve one-half of 1 percent for the out-
lying areas to be distributed among the out-lying areas on the basis of their relative need, as determined by the Secretary in ac-cordance with the purposes of this subpart; 
(3) reserve one-half of 1 percent for eligible 
local entities that serve children in families who are engaged in migrant or seasonal agri-cultural labor; and 
(4) reserve not more than 1 percent or 
$30,000,000, whichever amount is less, for na-tional activities, including administration, technical assistance, and evaluation. 
(b) A
LLOTMENTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—From the amount made 
available each fiscal year to carry out this subpart and not reserved under subsection (a), the Secretary shall make allotments to States in accordance with paragraph (2) that have submitted an approved application. 
(2) A
LLOTMENT AMOUNT .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph 
(B), the Secretary shall allot the amount made available under paragraph (1) for a fis-cal year among the States in proportion to the number of children who are age 4 who re-side within the State and are from families with incomes at or below 200 percent of the poverty line for the most recent year for which satisfactory data are available, com-pared to the number of such children who re-side in all such States for that fiscal year. 
(B) M
INIMUM ALLOTMENT AMOUNT .—No 
State receiving an allotment under subpara-graph (A) may receive less than one-half of 1 percent of the total amount allotted under such subparagraph. 
(3) R
EALLOTMENT AND CARRY OVER .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—If one or more States do 
not receive an allotment under this sub-section for any fiscal year, the Secretary may use the amount of the allotment for that State or States, in such amounts as the Secretary determines appropriate, for either or both of the following: 
(i) To increase the allotments of States 
with approved applications for the fiscal year, consistent with subparagraph (B). 
(ii) To carry over the funds to the next fis-
cal year. 
(B) R
EALLOTMENT .—In increasing allot-
ments under subparagraph (A)(i), the Sec-retary shall allot to each State with an ap-proved application an amount that bears the same relationship to the total amount to be allotted under subparagraph (A)(i), as the amount the State received under paragraph (2) for that fiscal year bears to the amount that all States received under paragraph (2) 
for that fiscal year. 
(4) S
TATE .—For purposes of this subsection, 
the term ‘‘State’’ means each of the 50 States, the District of Columbia, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. 
(c) F
LEXIBILITY .—The Secretary may make 
minimal adjustments to allotments under subsection (b), which shall neither lead to a significant increase or decrease in a State’s allotment determined under subsection (b), based on a set of factors, such as the level of program participation and the estimated cost of the activities specified in the State plan under section 10306(2). 
SEC. 10305. STATE ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA. 
A State is eligible to receive a grant under 
this subpart if the State demonstrates to the Secretary that the State— 
(1) has established or will establish early 
learning and development standards that— 
(A) describe what children from birth to 
kindergarten entry should know and be able to do; 
(B) are universally designed and develop-
mentally, culturally, and linguistically ap-propriate; 
(C) are aligned with the State’s chal-
lenging academic content standards and challenging student academic achievement standards, as adopted under section 1111(b)(1) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311(b)(1)); and 
(D) cover all of the essential domains of 
school readiness, which address— 
(i) physical well-being and motor develop-
ment; 
(ii) social and emotional development; (iii) approaches to learning, including cre-
ative arts expression; 
(iv) developmentally appropriate oral and 
written language and literacy development; and 
(v) cognition and general knowledge, in-
cluding early mathematics and early sci-entific development; 
(2) has the ability or will develop the abil-
ity to link prekindergarten data with State elementary school and secondary school data for the purpose of collecting longitudinal in-formation for all children participating in the State’s high-quality prekindergarten program and any other federally funded early childhood program that will remain with the child through the child’s public edu-cation through grade 12; 
(3) offers State-funded kindergarten for 
children who are eligible children for that service in the State; and 
(4) has established a State Advisory Coun-
cil on Early Childhood Education and Care. 
SEC. 10306. STATE APPLICATIONS. 
To receive a grant under this subpart, the 
Governor of a State, in consultation with the Indian tribes and tribal organizations in the State, if any, shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Sec-retary may reasonably require. At a min-imum, each such application shall include— 
(1) an assurance that the State— (A) will coordinate with and continue to 
participate in the programs authorized under section 619 and part C of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1419; 1431 et seq.), the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858 et seq.), and the maternal, infant, and early childhood home visiting programs funded under section 511 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 711) for the duration of the grant; 
(B) will designate a State-level entity 
(such as an agency or joint interagency of-fice), selected by the Governor, for the ad-ministration of the grant, which shall co-ordinate and consult with the State edu-cational agency if the entity is not the State educational agency; and (C) will establish, or certify the existence 
of, program standards for all State pre-kindergarten programs consistent with the definition of a high-quality prekindergarten program under section 10302; 
(2) a description of the State’s plan to— (A) use funds received under this subpart 
and the State’s matching funds to provide high-quality prekindergarten programs, in accordance with section 10307(d), with open enrollment for all children in the State who— 
(i) are described insection 10302(10)(A);and (ii) are from families with incomes at or 
below 200 percent of the poverty line; 
(B) develop or enhance a system for moni-
toring eligible local entities that are receiv-ing funds under this subpart for compliance with quality standards developed by the State and to provide program improvement support, which may be accomplished through the use of a State-developed system for qual-ity rating and improvement; 
(C) if applicable, expand participation in 
the State’s high-quality prekindergarten programs to children from families with in-comes above 200 percent of the poverty line; 
(D) carry out the State’s comprehensive 
early learning assessment system, or how the State plans to develop such a system, en-suring that any assessments are culturally, developmentally, and age-appropriate and consistent with the recommendations from the study on Developmental Outcomes and Assessments for Young Children by the Na-tional Academy of Sciences, consistent with section 649(j) of the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9844); 
(E) develop, implement, and make publicly 
available the performance measures and tar-gets described in section 10309; 
(F) increase the number of teachers with 
bachelor’s degrees in early childhood edu-cation, or with bachelor’s degrees in another closely related field and specialized training and demonstrated competency in early child-hood education, including how institutions of higher education will support increasing the number of teachers with such degrees and training, including through the use of assessments of prior learning, knowledge, and skills to facilitate and expedite attain-ment of such degrees; 
(G) coordinate and integrate the activities 
funded under this subpart with Federal, State, and local services and programs that support early childhood education and care, including programs supported under this subpart, the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.), the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act 
(20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.), the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9831 et seq.), the Community Services Block Grant Act (42 U.S.C. 9901 et seq.), the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858 et seq.), the tem-porary assistance for needy families program under part A of title IV of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 601 et seq.), the Race to the Top program under section 14006 of divi-sion A of the American Recovery and Rein-vestment Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–5), fed-erally funded early literacy programs, the maternal, infant, and early childhood home visiting programs funded under section 511 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 711), health improvements to child care funded under title XIX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.), the program under subtitle B of title VII of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11431 et seq.), the innovation fund program under section 14007 of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–5), programs authorized under part E of title IV of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 670 et seq.), the Fostering Connections to Success and Increasing Adoptions Act of 2008 (Public 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.027 S14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5072 July 14, 2015 
Law 110–351), grants for infant and toddler 
care through Early Head Start-Child Care Partnerships funded under the heading ‘‘
CHILDREN AND FAMILIES SERVICES PRO -
GRAMS ’’ under the heading ADMINISTRATION  
FOR CHILDREN AND FAMILIES in title II of divi-
sion H of the Department of Health and Human Services Appropriations Act, 2014 (Public Law 113–76; 128 Stat. 377–378), the pre-school development grants program funded under the heading ‘‘
INNOVATION AND IMPROVE -
MENT ’’ in title III of division G of the Depart-
ment of Education Appropriations Act, 2015 (Public Law 113–235; 128 Stat. 2496), and any other Federal, State, or local early child-hood education programs used in the State; 
(H) award subgrants to eligible local enti-
ties, and in awarding such subgrants, facili-tate a delivery system of high-quality pre-kindergarten programs that includes diverse providers, such as providers in community- based, public school, and private settings, and consider the system’s impact on options for families; 
(I) in the case of a State that does not have 
a State-determined funding mechanism for prekindergarten, use objective criteria in awarding subgrants to eligible local entities that will implement high-quality prekinder-garten programs, including actions the State will take to ensure that eligible local enti-ties will coordinate with local educational agencies or other early learning providers, as appropriate, to carry out activities to pro-vide children served under this subpart with a successful transition from preschool into kindergarten, which activities shall in-clude— 
(i) aligning curricular objectives and in-
struction; 
(ii) providing staff professional develop-
ment, including opportunities for joint-pro-fessional development on early learning and kindergarten through grade 3 standards, as-sessments, and curricula; 
(iii) coordinating family engagement and 
support services; and 
(iv) encouraging the shared use of facilities 
and transportation, as appropriate; 
(J) use the State early learning and devel-
opment standards described in section 10305(1) to address the needs of dual language learners, including by incorporating bench-marks related to English language develop-ment; 
(K) identify barriers, and propose solutions 
to overcome such barriers, which may in-clude seeking assistance under section 10316, in the State to effectively use and integrate Federal, State, and local public funds and private funds for early childhood education 
that are available to the State on the date on which the application is submitted; 
(L) support articulation agreements (as de-
fined in section 486A of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1093a)) between public 2-year and public 4-year institutions of high-er education and other credit-bearing profes-sional development in the State for early childhood teacher preparation programs and closely related fields; 
(M) ensure that the higher education pro-
grams in the State have the capacity to pre-pare a workforce to provide high-quality pre-kindergarten programs; 
(N) support workforce development, in-
cluding State and local policies that support prekindergarten instructional staff’s ability to earn a degree, certification, or other spe-cializations or qualifications, including poli-cies on leave, substitutes, and child care services, including non-traditional hour child care; 
(O) hold eligible local entities accountable 
for use of funds; 
(P) ensure that the State’s early learning 
and development standards are integrated into the instructional and programmatic practices of high-quality prekindergarten 
programs and related programs and services, such as those provided to children under sec-tion 619 and part C of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1419 and 1431 et seq.); 
(Q) increase the number of children in the 
State who are enrolled in high-quality kin-dergarten programs and carry out a strategy to implement such a plan; 
(R) coordinate the State’s activities sup-
ported by grants under this subpart with ac-tivities in State plans required under the El-ementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6301 et seq.), the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.), the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9831 et seq.), the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858 et seq.), and the Adult Education and Family Literacy Act (29 U.S.C. 3271 et seq.); 
(S) encourage eligible local entities to co-
ordinate with community-based learning re-sources, such as libraries, arts and arts edu-cation programs, appropriate media pro-grams, family literacy programs, public parks and recreation programs, museums, nutrition education programs, and programs supported by the Corporation for National and Community Service; 
(T) work with eligible local entities, in 
consultation with elementary school prin-cipals, to ensure that high-quality pre-kindergarten programs have sufficient and appropriate facilities to meet the needs of children eligible for prekindergarten; 
(U) support local early childhood coordi-
nating entities, such as local early childhood councils, if applicable, and help such entities to coordinate early childhood education pro-grams with high-quality prekindergarten programs to ensure effective and efficient de-livery of early childhood education program services; 
(V) support shared services administering 
entities, if applicable; 
(W) ensure that the provision of high-qual-
ity prekindergarten programs will not lead to a diminution in the quality or supply of services for infants and toddlers or disrupt the care of infants and toddlers in the geo-graphic area served by the eligible local enti-ty, which may include demonstrating that the State will direct funds to provide high- quality early childhood education and care to infants and toddlers in accordance with section 10307(d); and 
(X) encourage or promote socioeconomic, 
racial, and ethnic diversity in the classrooms of high-quality prekindergarten programs, as applicable; and 
(3) an inventory of the State’s higher edu-
cation programs that prepare individuals for work in a high-quality prekindergarten pro-gram, including— 
(A) certification programs; (B) associate degree programs; (C) baccalaureate degree programs; (D) masters degree programs; and (E) other programs that lead to a speciali-
zation in early childhood education, or a re-lated field. 
SEC. 10307. STATE USE OF FUNDS. 
(a) R ESERVATION FOR QUALITY IMPROVE -
MENT ACTIVITIES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—A State that receives a 
grant under this subpart may reserve, for not more than the first 4 years such State re-ceives such a grant, not more than 20 percent of the grant funds for quality improvement activities that support the elements of high- quality prekindergarten programs. Such quality improvement activities may include supporting teachers, center directors, and principals in a State’s high-quality pre-kindergarten program, licensed or regulated child care, or Head Start programs to enable such teachers, principals, or directors to 
earn a baccalaureate degree in early child-hood education, or a closely related field, through activities which may include— 
(A) expanding or establishing scholarships, 
counseling, and compensation initiatives to cover the cost of tuition, fees, materials, transportation, and release time for such teachers; 
(B) providing ongoing professional develop-
ment opportunities, including regular in- classroom observation by individuals trained in such observation, for such teachers, direc-tors, principals, and teachers assistants to enable such teachers, directors, principals, and teachers assistants to carry out the ele-ments of high-quality prekindergarten pro-grams, which may include activities that ad-dress— 
(i) promoting children’s development 
across all of the essential domains of early learning and development; 
(ii) developmentally appropriate curricula 
and teacher-child interaction; 
(iii) effective family engagement; (iv) providing culturally competent in-
struction; 
(v) working with a diversity of children 
and families, including children with disabil-ities and dual language learners; 
(vi) childhood nutrition and physical edu-
cation programs; 
(vii) supporting the implementation of evi-
dence-based curricula; 
(viii) social and emotional development; 
and 
(ix) incorporating age-appropriate strate-
gies of positive behavioral interventions and supports; and 
(C) providing families with increased op-
portunities to learn how best to support their children’s physical, cognitive, social, and emotional development during the first 5 years of life. 
(2) N
OT SUBJECT TO MATCHING .—The amount 
reserved under paragraph (1) shall not be subject to the matching requirements under section 10310. 
(3) C
OORDINATION .—A State that reserves 
an amount under paragraph (1) shall coordi-nate the use of such amount with activities funded under section 658G of the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858e) and the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9831 et seq.). 
(4) C
ONSTRUCTION .—A State may not use 
funds reserved under this subsection to meet the requirement described in 10302(10)(G). 
(b) S
UBGRANTS FOR HIGH-QUALITY PRE-
KINDERGARTEN PROGRAMS .—A State that re-
ceives a grant under this subpart shall award subgrants of sufficient size to eligible local entities to enable such eligible local entities to implement high-quality prekindergarten programs for children who— 
(1) are described insection 10302(10)(A); (2) reside within the State; and (3) are from families with incomes at or 
below 200 percent of the poverty line. 
(c) A
DMINISTRATION .—A State that receives 
a grant under this subpart may reserve not more than 1 percent of the grant funds for administration of the grant, and may use part of that reservation for the maintenance of the State Advisory Council on Early Childhood Education and Care. 
(d) E
ARLY CHILDHOOD EDUCATION AND CARE 
PROGRAMS FOR INFANTS AND TODDLERS .— 
(1) U SE OF ALLOTMENT FOR INFANTS AND  
TODDLERS .—An eligible State may apply to 
use, and the appropriate Secretary may grant permission for the State to use, not more than 15 percent of the funds made available through a grant received under this subpart to award subgrants to early child-hood education programs to provide, con-sistent with the State’s early learning and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.027 S14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5073 July 14, 2015 
development guidelines for infants and tod-
dlers, high-quality early childhood education and care to infants and toddlers who reside within the State and are from families with incomes at or below 200 percent of the pov-erty line. 
(2) A
PPLICATION .—To be eligible to use the 
grant funds as described in paragraph (1), the State shall submit an application to the ap-propriate Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may require. Such application shall, at a minimum, include a description of how the State will— 
(A) designate a lead agency which shall ad-
minister such funds; 
(B) ensure that such lead agency, in coordi-
nation with the State’s Advisory Council on Early Childhood Education and Care, will collaborate with other agencies in admin-istering programs supported under this sub-
section for infants and toddlers in order to obtain input about the appropriate use of such funds and ensure coordination with pro-grams for infants and toddlers funded under the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858 et seq.), the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9831 et seq.) (including any Early Learning Quality Partnerships es-tablished in the State under section 645B of the Head Start Act, as added by section 202), the Race to the Top program under section 14006 of division A of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–5), the maternal, infant, and early child-hood home visiting programs funded under section 511 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 711), part C of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1431 et seq.), and grants for infant and toddler care through Early Head Start-Child Care Part-nerships funded under the heading ‘‘
CHILDREN  
AND FAMILIES SERVICES PROGRAMS ’’ under the 
heading ADMINISTRATION FOR CHILDREN AND  
FAMILIES in title II of division H of the De-
partment of Health and Human Services Ap-propriations Act, 2014 (Public Law 113–76; 128 Stat. 377–378); 
(C) ensure that infants and toddlers who 
benefit from amounts made available under this subsection will transition to and have the opportunity to participate in a high- quality prekindergarten program supported under this subpart; 
(D) in awarding subgrants, give preference 
to early childhood education programs that have a written formal plan with baseline data, benchmarks, and timetables to in-crease access to and full participation in high-quality prekindergarten programs for children who need additional support, includ-ing children with developmental delays or disabilities, children who are dual language learners, homeless children, children who are in foster care, children of migrant families, children eligible for a free or reduced-price lunch under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.), or children in the child welfare system; and 
(E) give priority to activities carried out 
under this subsection that will increase ac-cess to high-quality early childhood edu-cation programs for infants and toddlers in local areas with significant concentrations of low-income families that do not currently benefit from such programs. 
(3) E
LIGIBLE PROVIDERS .—A State may use 
the grant funds as described in paragraph (1) to serve infants and toddlers only by work-ing with early childhood education program providers that— 
(A) offer full-day, full-year care, or other-
wise meet the needs of working families; and 
(B) meet high-quality standards, such as— (i) Early Head Start program performance 
standards under the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9831 et seq.); or (ii) high-quality, demonstrated, valid, and 
reliable program standards that have been established through a national entity that accredits early childhood education pro-grams. 
(4) F
EDERAL ADMINISTRATION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall bear 
responsibility for obligating and disbursing funds to support activities under this sub-section and ensuring compliance with appli-cable laws and administrative requirements, subject to paragraph (3). 
(B) I
NTERAGENCY AGREEMENT .—The Sec-
retary of Education and the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall jointly ad-minister activities supported under this sub-section on such terms as such Secretaries shall set forth in an interagency agreement. The Secretary of Health and Human Services shall be responsible for any final approval of a State’s application under this subsection that addresses the use of funds designated for services to infants and toddlers. 
(C) A
PPROPRIATE SECRETARY .—In this sub-
section, the term ‘‘appropriate Secretary’’ used with respect to a function, means the Secretary designated for that function under the interagency agreement. 
SEC. 10308. ADDITIONAL PREKINDERGARTEN 
SERVICES. 
(a) P REKINDERGARTEN FOR 3-YEAR-OLDS.— 
Each State that certifies to the Secretary that the State provides universally avail-able, voluntary, high-quality prekinder-garten programs for 4-year-old children who reside within the State and are from families with incomes at or below 200 percent of the poverty line may use the State’s allocation 
under section 10304(b) to provide high-quality prekindergarten programs for 3-year-old children who reside within the State and are from families with incomes at or below 200 percent of the poverty line. 
(b) S
UBGRANTS .—In each State that has a 
city, county, or local educational agency that provides universally available high- quality prekindergarten programs for 4-year- old children who reside within the State and are from families with incomes at or below 200 percent of the poverty line the State may use amounts from the State’s allocation under section 10304(b) to award subgrants to eligible local entities to enable such eligible local entities to provide high-quality pre-kindergarten programs for 3-year-old chil-dren who are from families with incomes at or below 200 percent of the poverty line and who reside in such city, county, or local edu-cational agency. 
SEC. 10309. PERFORMANCE MEASURES AND TAR-
GETS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—A State that receives a 
grant under this subpart shall develop, im-plement, and make publicly available the performance measures and targets for the ac-tivities carried out with grant funds. Such measures shall, at a minimum, track the State’s progress in— 
(1) increasing school readiness across all 
domains for all categories of children, as de-scribed in section 10313(b)(7), including chil-dren with disabilities and dual language learners; 
(2) narrowing school readiness gaps be-
tween minority and nonminority children, and low-income children and more advan-taged children, in preparation for kinder-garten entry; 
(3) decreasing the number of years that 
children receive special education and re-lated services as described in part B of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1411 et seq.); 
(4) increasing the number of programs 
meeting the criteria for high-quality pre-kindergarten programs across all types of local eligible entities, as defined by the State and in accordance with section 10302; (5) decreasing the need for grade-to-grade 
retention in elementary school; 
(6) if applicable, ensuring that high-quality 
prekindergarten programs do not experience instances of chronic absence among the chil-dren who participate in such programs; 
(7) increasing the number and percentage 
of low-income children in high-quality early childhood education programs that receive financial support through funds provided under this subpart; and 
(8) providing high-quality nutrition serv-
ices, nutrition education, physical activity, and obesity prevention programs. 
(b) P
ROHIBITION OF MISDIAGNOSIS PRAC-
TICES .—A State shall not, in order to meet 
the performance measures and targets de-scribed in subsection (a), engage in practices or policies that will lead to the misdiagnosis or under-diagnosis of disabilities or develop-mental delays among children who are served through programs supported under this subpart. 
SEC. 10310. MATCHING REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) M ATCHING FUNDS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), a State that receives a grant under this subpart shall provide matching funds from non-Federal sources, as described in subsection (c), in an amount equal to— 
(A) 10 percent of the Federal funds pro-
vided under the grant in the first year of 
grant administration; 
(B) 10 percent of the Federal funds provided 
under the grant in the second year of grant administration; 
(C) 20 percent of the Federal funds provided 
under the grant in the third year of grant ad-ministration; 
(D) 30 percent of the Federal funds pro-
vided under the grant in the fourth year of grant administration; and 
(E) 40 percent of the Federal funds provided 
under the grant in the fifth year of grant ad-ministration. 
(2) R
EDUCED MATCH RATE .—A State that 
meets the requirements under subsection (b) may provide matching funds from non-Fed-eral sources at a reduced rate. The full re-duced matching funds rate shall be in an amount equal to— 
(A) 5 percent of the Federal funds provided 
under the grant in the first year of grant ad-ministration; 
(B) 5 percent of the Federal funds provided 
under the grant in the second year of grant administration; 
(C) 10 percent of the Federal funds provided 
under the grant in the third year of grant ad-ministration; 
(D) 20 percent of the Federal funds pro-
vided under the grant in the fourth year of grant administration; and 
(E) 30 percent of the Federal funds provided 
under the grant in the fifth year of grant ad-ministration. 
(b) R
EDUCED MATCH RATE ELIGIBILITY .—A 
State that receives a grant under this sub-part may provide matching funds from non- Federal sources at the full reduced rate under subsection (a)(2) if the State, across all publicly funded programs (including lo-cally funded programs)— 
(1)(A) offers enrollment in high-quality 
prekindergarten programs to not less than half of children in the State who are— 
(i) age 4 on the eligibility determination 
date; and 
(ii) from families with incomes at or below 
200 percent of the poverty line; and 
(B) has a plan for continuing to expand ac-
cess to high-quality prekindergarten pro-grams for such children in the State; and 
(2) has a plan to expand access to high- 
quality prekindergarten programs to chil-dren from moderate income families whose income exceeds 200 percent of the poverty line. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.027 S14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5074 July 14, 2015 
(c) N ON-FEDERAL RESOURCES .— 
(1) I N CASH .—A State shall provide the 
matching funds under this section in cash with non-Federal resources which may in-clude State funding, local funding, or con-tributions from philanthropy or other pri-vate sources, or a combination thereof. 
(2) F
UNDS TO BE CONSIDERED AS MATCHING  
FUNDS .—A State may include, as part of the 
State’s matching funds under this section, not more than 10 percent of the amount of State or local funds designated for State or local prekindergarten programs or to supple-ment Head Start programs under the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9831 et seq.) as of the date of enactment of this Act, but may not include any funds that are attributed as matching funds, as part of a non-Federal share, or as a maintenance of effort require-ment, for any other Federal program. 
(d) M
AINTENANCE OF EFFORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—If a State reduces its com-
bined fiscal effort per student or the aggre-gate expenditures within the State to sup-port early childhood education programs for any fiscal year that a State receives a grant authorized under this subpart relative to the previous fiscal year, the Secretary shall re-duce support for such State under this sub-part by the same amount as the decline in State effort for such fiscal year. 
(2) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive the 
requirements of paragraph (1) if— 
(A) the Secretary determines that a waiver 
would be appropriate due to a precipitous de-cline in the financial resources of a State as a result of unforeseen economic hardship or a natural disaster that has necessitated across-the-board reductions in State serv-ices, including early childhood education programs; or 
(B) due to the circumstances of a State re-
quiring reductions in specific programs, in-cluding early childhood education, if the State presents to the Secretary a justifica-tion and demonstration why other programs could not be reduced and how early child-hood programs in the State will not be dis-proportionately harmed by such State ac-tion. 
(e) S
UPPLEMENT NOTSUPPLANT .—Grant 
funds received under this subpart shall be used to supplement and not supplant other Federal, State, and local public funds ex-pended on public prekindergarten programs in the State. 
SEC. 10311. ELIGIBLE LOCAL ENTITY APPLICA-
TIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—An eligible local entity 
desiring to receive a subgrant under section 10307(b) shall submit an application to the State, at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the State may reasonably require. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—Each application submitted 
under subsection (a) shall include the fol-lowing: 
(1) P
ARENT AND FAMILY ENGAGEMENT .—A 
description of how the eligible local entity plans to engage the parents and families of the children such entity serves and ensure that parents and families of eligible chil-dren, as described in clauses (i) and (ii) of section 10306(2)(A), are aware of the services provided by the eligible local entity, which shall include a plan to— 
(A) carry out meaningful parent and fam-
ily engagement, through the implementation and replication of evidence-based or prom-ising practices and strategies, which shall be coordinated with parent and family engage-ment strategies supported under the Individ-uals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1400 et seq.), part A of title I and title V of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311 et seq.; 7201 et seq.), and strategies in the Head Start Parent, Family, and Community Engage-
ment Framework, if applicable, to— 
(i) provide parents and family members 
with the skills and opportunities necessary to become engaged and effective partners in their children’s education, particularly the families of dual language learners and chil-dren with disabilities, which may include ac-cess to family literacy services; 
(ii) improve child development; and (iii) strengthen relationships among pre-
kindergarten staff and parents and family members; and 
(B) participate in community outreach to 
encourage families with eligible children to participate in the eligible local entity’s high-quality prekindergarten program, in-cluding— 
(i) homeless children; (ii) dual language learners; (iii) children in foster care; (iv) children with disabilities; and (v) migrant children. (2) C
OORDINATION AND ALIGNMENT .—A de-
scription of how the eligible local entity will— 
(A) coordinate, if applicable, the eligible 
local entity’s activities with— 
(i) Head Start agencies (consistent with 
section 642(e)(5) of the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9837(e)(5))), if the local entity is not a Head Start agency; 
(ii) local educational agencies, if the eligi-
ble local entity is not a local educational agency; 
(iii) providers of services under part C of 
the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1431 et seq.); 
(iv) programs carried out under section 619 
of the Individuals with Disabilities Edu-cation Act (20 U.S.C. 1419); and 
(v) if feasible, other entities carrying out 
early childhood education programs and services within the area served by the local educational agency; 
(B) develop a process to promote con-
tinuity of developmentally appropriate in-structional programs and shared expecta-tions with local elementary schools for chil-dren’s learning and development as children transition to kindergarten; 
(C) organize, if feasible, and participate in 
joint training, when available, including transition-related training for school staff and early childhood education program staff; 
(D) establish comprehensive transition 
policies and procedures, with applicable ele-mentary schools and principals, for the chil-dren served by the eligible local entity that support the school readiness of children transitioning to kindergarten, including the 
transfer of early childhood education pro-gram records, with parental consent; 
(E) conduct outreach to parents, families, 
and elementary school teachers and prin-cipals to discuss the educational, develop-mental, and other needs of children entering kindergarten; 
(F) help parents, including parents of chil-
dren who are dual language learners, under-stand and engage with the instructional and other services provided by the kindergarten in which such child will enroll after partici-pation in a high-quality prekindergarten program; and 
(G) develop and implement a system to in-
crease program participation of underserved populations of eligible children, especially homeless children, children eligible for a free or reduced-price lunch under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.), parents of children who are dual language learners, and parents of children with disabilities. 
(3) F
ULL PARTICIPATION OF ALL CHILDREN .— 
A description of how the eligible local entity will meet the diverse needs of children in the community to be served, including children with disabilities, dual language learners, 
children who need additional support, chil-dren in the State foster care system, and homeless children. Such description shall demonstrate, at a minimum, how the entity plans to— 
(A) ensure the eligible local entity’s high- 
quality prekindergarten program is acces-sible and appropriate for children with dis-abilities and dual language learners; 
(B) establish effective procedures for en-
suring use of evidence-based practices in as-sessment and instruction, including use of data for progress monitoring of child per-formance and provision of technical assist-ance support for staff to ensure fidelity with evidence-based practices; 
(C) establish effective procedures for time-
ly referral of children with disabilities to en-tities authorized under part B and part C of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1411 et seq.; 1431 et seq.); 
(D) ensure that the eligible local entity’s 
high-quality prekindergarten program works with appropriate entities to address the elimination of barriers to immediate and continuous enrollment for homeless chil-dren; and 
(E) ensure access to and continuity of en-
rollment in high-quality prekindergarten programs for migratory children, if applica-ble, and homeless children, including through policies and procedures that re-quire— 
(i) outreach to identify migratory children 
and homeless children; 
(ii) immediate enrollment, including en-
rollment during the period of time when doc-uments typically required for enrollment, in-cluding health and immunization records, proof of eligibility, and other documents, are obtained; 
(iii) continuous enrollment and participa-
tion in the same high-quality prekinder-garten program for a child, even if the child moves out of the program’s service area, if that enrollment and participation are in the child’s best interest, including by providing transportation when necessary; 
(iv) professional development for high- 
quality prekindergarten program staff re-garding migratory children and homeless-ness among families with young children; and 
(v) in serving homeless children, collabora-
tion with local educational agency liaisons designated under section 722(g)(1)(J)(ii) of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11432(g)(1)(J)(ii)), and local homeless service providers. 
(4) A
CCESSIBLE COMPREHENSIVE SERVICES .— 
A description of how the eligible local entity plans to provide accessible comprehensive services, described in section 10302(10)(I), to the children the eligible local entity serves. Such description shall provide information on how the entity will— 
(A) conduct a data-driven community as-
sessment in coordination with members of the community, including parents and com-munity organizations, or use a recently con-ducted data-driven assessment, which— 
(i) may involve an external partner with 
expertise in conducting such needs analysis, to determine the most appropriate social or other support services to offer through the eligible local entity’s on-site comprehensive services to children who participate in high- quality prekindergarten programs; and 
(ii) shall consider the resources available 
at the school, local educational agency, and community levels to address the needs of the community and improve child outcomes; and 
(B) have a coordinated system to facilitate 
the screening, referral, and provision of serv-ices related to health, nutrition, mental health, disability, and family support for children served by the eligible local entity. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.027 S14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5075 July 14, 2015 
(5) W ORKFORCE .—A description of how the 
eligible local entity plans to support the in-structional staff of such entity’s high-qual-ity prekindergarten program, which shall, at a minimum, include a plan to provide high- quality professional development, or facili-tate the provision of high-quality profes-sional development through an external partner with expertise and a demonstrated track record of success, based on scientif-ically valid research, that will improve the knowledge and skills of high-quality pre-kindergarten teachers and staff through ac-tivities, which may include— 
(A) acquiring content knowledge and learn-
ing teaching strategies needed to provide ef-fective instruction that addresses the State’s early learning and development standards described under section 10305(1), including professional training to support the social and emotional development of children; 
(B) enabling high-quality prekindergarten 
teachers and staff to pursue specialized training in early childhood development; 
(C) enabling high-quality prekindergarten 
teachers and staff to acquire the knowledge and skills to provide instruction and appro-priate language and support services to in-crease the English language skills of dual language learners; 
(D) enabling high-quality prekindergarten 
teachers and staff to acquire the knowledge and skills to provide developmentally appro-priate instruction for children with disabil-ities; 
(E) promoting classroom management; (F) providing high-quality induction and 
support for incoming high-quality prekinder-garten teachers and staff in high-quality pre-kindergarten programs, including through the use of mentoring programs and coaching that have a demonstrated track record of success; 
(G) promoting the acquisition of relevant 
credentials, including in ways that support career advancement through career ladders; and 
(H) enabling high-quality prekindergarten 
teachers and staff to acquire the knowledge and skills to provide culturally competent instruction for children from diverse back-grounds. 
SEC. 10312. REQUIRED SUBGRANT ACTIVITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—An eligible local entity 
that receives a subgrant under section 10307(b) shall use subgrant funds to imple-ment the elements of a high-quality pre-kindergarten program for the children de-scribed in section 10307(b). 
(b) C
OORDINATION .— 
(1) L OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY PARTNER -
SHIPS WITH LOCAL EARLY CHILDHOOD EDU -
CATION PROGRAMS .—A local educational agen-
cy that receives a subgrant under this sub-part shall provide an assurance that the local educational agency will enter into strong partnerships with local early child-hood education programs, including pro-grams supported through the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9831 et seq.). 
(2) E
LIGIBLE LOCAL ENTITIES THAT ARE NOT  
LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES .—An eligible 
local entity that is not a local educational agency that receives a subgrant under this subpart shall provide an assurance that such entity will enter into strong partnerships with local educational agencies. 
SEC. 10313. REPORT AND EVALUATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Each State that receives 
a grant under this subpart shall prepare an annual report, in such manner and con-taining such information as the Secretary may reasonably require. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—A report prepared under 
subsection (a) shall contain, at a minimum— 
(1) a description of the manner in which 
the State has used the funds made available through the grant and a report of the ex-
penditures made with the funds; 
(2) a summary of the State’s progress to-
ward providing access to high-quality pre-kindergarten programs for children eligible for such services, as determined by the State, from families with incomes at or below 200 percent of the poverty line, includ-ing the percentage of funds spent on children from families with incomes— 
(A) at or below 100 percent of the poverty 
line; 
(B) at or below between 101 and 150 percent 
of the poverty line; and 
(C) at or below between 151 and 200 percent 
of the poverty line; 
(3) an evaluation of the State’s progress to-
ward achieving the State’s performance tar-gets, described in section 10309; 
(4) data on the number of high-quality pre-
kindergarten program teachers and staff in the State (including teacher turnover rates and teacher compensation levels compared to teachers in elementary schools and sec-ondary schools), according to the setting in which such teachers and staff work (which settings shall include, at a minimum, Head Start programs, public prekindergarten, and child care programs) who received training or education during the period of the grant and remained in the early childhood edu-cation program field; 
(5) data on the kindergarten readiness of 
children in the State; 
(6) a description of the State’s progress in 
effectively using Federal, State, and local public funds and private funds, for early childhood education; 
(7) the number and percentage of children 
in the State participating in high-quality prekindergarten programs, disaggregated by race, ethnicity, family income, child age, disability, whether the children are homeless children, and whether the children are dual language learners; 
(8) data on the availability, affordability, 
and quality of infant and toddler care in the State; 
(9) the number of operational minutes per 
week and per year for each eligible local en-tity that receives a subgrant; 
(10) the local educational agency and zip 
code in which each eligible local entity that receives a subgrant operates; 
(11) information, for each of the local edu-
cational agencies described in paragraph (10), on the percentage of the costs of the public early childhood education programs that is funded from Federal, from State, and from local sources, including the percentages from specific funding programs; 
(12) data on the number and percentage of 
children in the State participating in public kindergarten programs, disaggregated by race, family income, child age, disability, whether the children are homeless children, and whether the children are dual language learners, with information on whether such programs are offered— 
(A) for a full day; and (B) at no cost to families; (13) data on the number of individuals in 
the State who are supported with scholar-ships, if applicable, to meet the bachelor’s degree requirement for high-quality pre-kindergarten programs, as defined in section 10302; and 
(14) information on— (A) the rates of expulsion, suspension, and 
similar disciplinary action, of children in the State participating in high-quality pre-kindergarten programs, disaggregated by race, ethnicity, family income, child age, and disability; 
(B) the State’s progress in establishing 
policies on effective behavior management strategies and training that promote posi-tive social and emotional development to eliminate expulsions and suspensions of chil-
dren participating in high-quality prekinder-garten programs; and 
(C) the State’s policies on providing early 
learning services to children in the State participating in high-quality prekinder-garten programs who have been suspended. 
(c) S
UBMISSION .—A State shall submit the 
annual report prepared under subsection (a), at the end of each fiscal year, to the Sec-retary, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, and the State Advisory Council on Early Childhood Education and Care. 
(d) C
OOPERATION .—An eligible local entity 
that receives a subgrant under this subpart shall cooperate with all Federal and State efforts to evaluate the effectiveness of the program the entity implements with subgrant funds. 
(e) N
ATIONAL REPORT .—The Secretary shall 
compile and summarize the annual State re-ports described under subsection (c) and shall prepare and submit an annual report to Congress that includes a summary of such State reports. 
SEC. 10314. PROHIBITION OF REQUIRED PARTICI-
PATION OR USE OF FUNDS FOR AS-SESSMENTS. 
(a) P ROHIBITION ON REQUIRED PARTICIPA -
TION.—A State receiving a grant under this 
subpart shall not require any child to par-ticipate in any Federal, State, local, or pri-vate early childhood education program, in-cluding a high-quality prekindergarten pro-gram. 
(b) P
ROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR AS-
SESSMENT .—A State receiving a grant under 
this subpart and an eligible local entity re-ceiving a subgrant under this subpart shall not use any grant or subgrant funds to carry out any of the following activities: 
(1) An assessment that provides rewards or 
sanctions for individual children, teachers, or principals. 
(2) An assessment that is used as the pri-
mary or sole method for assessing program effectiveness. 
(3) Evaluating children, other than for the 
purposes of— 
(A) improving instruction or the classroom 
environment; 
(B) targeting professional development; (C) determining the need for health, men-
tal health, disability, or family support serv-ices; 
(D) program evaluation for the purposes of 
program improvement and parent informa-tion; and 
(E) improving parent and family engage-
ment. 
SEC. 10315. COORDINATION WITH HEAD START 
PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NCREASED ACCESS FOR YOUNGER CHIL-
DREN .—Not later than 1 year after the date of 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary and the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall develop a process— 
(1) for use in the event that Head Start 
programs funded under the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9831 et seq.) operate in States or regions that have achieved sustained uni-versal, voluntary access to 4-year-old chil-dren who reside within the State and who are from families with incomes at or below 200 percent of the poverty line to high-quality prekindergarten programs; and 
(2) for how such Head Start programs will 
begin converting slots for children who are age 4 on the eligibility determination date to children who are age 3 on the eligibility de-termination date, or, when appropriate, con-verting Head Start programs into Early Head Start programs to serve infants and toddlers. 
(b) C
OMMUNITY NEED AND RESOURCES .—The 
process described in subsection (a) shall— 
(1) be carried out on a case-by-case basis 
and shall ensure that sufficient resources 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.027 S14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5076 July 14, 2015 
and time are allocated for the development 
of such a process so that no child or cohort is excluded from currently available serv-ices; and 
(2) ensure that any conversion shall be 
based on community need and not on the ag-gregate number of children served in a State or region that has achieved sustained, uni-versal, voluntary access to high-quality pre-kindergarten programs. 
(c) P
UBLIC COMMENT AND NOTICE .—Not 
fewer than 90 days after the development of the proposed process described in subsection (a), the Secretary and the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall publish a notice describing such proposed process for conversion in the Federal Register providing at least 90 days for public comment. The Sec-retaries shall review and consider public comments prior to finalizing the process for conversion of Head Start slots and programs. 
(d) R
EPORTS TO CONGRESS .—Concurrently 
with publishing a notice in the Federal Reg-ister as described in subsection (c), the Sec-retaries shall provide a report to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate that provides a de-tailed description of the proposed process de-scribed in subsection (a), including a descrip-tion of the degree to which Head Start pro-grams are providing State-funded high-qual-ity prekindergarten programs as a result of the grant opportunity provided under this subpart in States where Head Start pro-grams are eligible for conversion described in subsection (a). 
SEC. 10316. TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE IN PRO-
GRAM ADMINISTRATION. 
In providing technical assistance to carry 
out activities under this subpart, the Sec-retary shall coordinate that technical assist-ance, in appropriate cases, with technical as-sistance provided by the Secretary of Health and Human Services to carry out the pro-grams authorized under the Head Start Act (42 U.S.C. 9831 et seq.), the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858 et seq.), and the maternal, infant and early childhood home visiting programs assisted under section 511 of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 711). 
SEC. 10317. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
To carry out this subpart, there are au-
thorized to be appropriated, and there are appropriated— 
(1) $1,300,000,000 for fiscal year 2016; (2) $3,250,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; (3) $5,780,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; (4) $7,580,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; and (5) $8,960,000,000 for fiscal year 2020. 
Subpart B—Prekindergarten Development 
Grants 
SEC. 10321. PREKINDERGARTEN DEVELOPMENT 
GRANTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Edu-
cation, in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall award competitive grants to States that wish to in-crease their capacity and build the infra-structure within the State to offer high- quality prekindergarten programs. 
(b) E
LIGIBILITY OF STATES .—A State that is 
not receiving funds under subpart A may compete for grant funds under this section if the State provides an assurance that the State will, through the support of grant funds awarded under this section, meet the eligibility requirements of section 10305 not later than 3 years after the date the State first receives grant funds under this section. 
(c) G
RANT DURATION .—The Secretary shall 
award grants under this section for a period of not more than 3 years. Such grants shall not be renewed. (d) A
PPLICATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—A Governor, or chief exec-
utive officer of a State that desires to re-ceive a grant under this section shall submit an application to the Secretary of Education at such time, in such manner, and accom-panied by such information as the Secretary of Education may reasonably require, includ-ing, if applicable, a description of how the State plans to become eligible for grants under section 10305 by not later than 3 years after the date the State first receives grant funds under this section. 
(2) D
EVELOPMENT OF STATE APPLICATION .— 
In developing an application for a grant under this section, a State shall consult with the State Advisory Council on Early Child-hood Education and Care and incorporate the Council’s recommendations, where applica-ble. 
(e) M
ATCHING REQUIREMENT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—To be eligible to receive a 
grant under this section, a State shall con-tribute for the activities for which the grant was awarded non-Federal matching funds in an amount equal to not less than 20 percent of the amount of the grant. 
(2) N
ON-FEDERAL FUNDS .—To satisfy the re-
quirement of paragraph (1), a State may use— 
(A) non-Federal resources in the form of 
State funding, local funding, or contribu-tions from philanthropy or other private sources, or a combination of such resources; or 
(B) in-kind contributions. (3) F
INANCIAL HARDSHIP WAIVER .—The Sec-
retary may waive the requirement under paragraph (1) or reduce the amount of matching funds required under that para-
graph for a State that has submitted an ap-plication for a grant under this subsection if the State demonstrates, in the application, a need for such a waiver or reduction due to extreme financial hardship, as determined by the Secretary. 
(f) S
UBGRANTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—A State awarded a grant 
under this section may use the grant funds to award subgrants to eligible local entities, as defined in section 10302, to carry out the activities under the grant. 
(2) S
UBGRANTEES .—An eligible local entity 
awarded a subgrant under paragraph (1) shall comply with the requirements of this section relating to grantees, as appropriate. 
(g) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—To 
carry out this section, there are authorized to be appropriated, and there are appro-priated, $750,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020. 
Subpart C—Early Learning Quality 
Partnerships 
SEC. 10331. PURPOSES. 
The purposes of this part are to— (1) increase the availability of, and access 
to, high-quality early childhood education and care programming for infants and tod-dlers; 
(2) support a higher quality of, and in-
crease capacity for, such programming in both child care centers and family child care homes; 
(3) encourage the provision of comprehen-
sive, coordinated full-day services and sup-ports for infants and toddlers; and 
(4) increase access to appropriate supports 
so children with disabilities and other chil-dren who need specialized supports can fully participate in high-quality early education programs. 
SEC. 10332. EARLY LEARNING QUALITY PARTNER-
SHIPS. 
The Head Start Act is amended— 
(1) by amending section 645A(e) (42 U.S.C. 
9840a(e)) to read as follows: 
‘‘(e) S ELECTION OF GRANT RECIPIENTS .—The 
Secretary shall award grants under this sec-tion on a competitive basis to applicants 
meeting the criteria in subsection (d) (giving priority to entities with a record of pro-viding early, continuous, and comprehensive childhood development and family services and entities that agree to partner with a center-based or family child care provider to carry out the activities described in section 645B).’’; and 
(2) by inserting after section 645A the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 645B. EARLY LEARNING QUALITY PARTNER-
SHIPS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall 
make grants to Early Head Start agencies to enable the Early Head Start agencies to form early learning quality partnerships by partnering with center-based or family child care providers, particularly those that re-ceive support under the Child Care and De-velopment Block Grant of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858 et seq.), that agree to meet the program per-formance standards described in section 641A(a)(1) and Early Head Start standards described in section 645A that are applicable to the ages of children served with funding and technical assistance from the Early Head Start agency. 
‘‘(b) S
ELECTION OF GRANT RECIPIENTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraphs (2) and (3), the Secretary shall award grants under this section in a manner consistent with section 645A(e). 
‘‘(2) C
OMPETITIVE PRIORITY .—In awarding 
grants under this section, the Secretary shall give priority to applicants— 
‘‘(A) that propose to create strong align-
ment of programs with maternal, infant, and early childhood home visiting programs as-sisted under section 511 of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 711), State-funded pre-kindergarten programs, programs carried out under the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858 et seq.), and other programs supported under this Act, to create a strong continuum of high-quality services for children from birth to school entry; and 
‘‘(B) that seek to work with child care pro-
viders across settings, including center- based and home-based programs. 
‘‘(3) A
LLOCATION .— 
‘‘(A) R ESERVATION .—From funds appro-
priated to carry out this section, the Sec-retary shall reserve— 
‘‘(i) not less than 3 percent of such funds 
for Indian Head Start programs that serve young children; 
‘‘(ii) not less than 4.5 percent for migrant 
and seasonal Head Start programs that serve young children; and 
‘‘(iii) not less than 0.2 percent for programs 
funded under clause (iv) or (v) of section 640(a)(2)(B). 
‘‘(B) A
LLOCATION AMONG STATES .—The Sec-
retary shall allocate funds appropriated to carry out this section and not reserved under subparagraph (A) among the States propor-tionally based on the number of young chil-dren from families whose income is below the poverty line residing in such States. 
‘‘(c) E
LIGIBILITY OF CHILDREN .—Partner-
ships formed through assistance provided under this section may serve children through age 3, and the standards applied to children in subsection (a) shall be consistent with those applied to 3-year-old children under this subchapter. 
‘‘(d) P
ARTNERSHIPS .—An Early Head Start 
agency that receives a grant under this sec-tion shall— 
‘‘(1) enter into a contractual relationship 
with a center-based or family child care pro-vider to raise the quality of such provider’s programs so that the provider meets the pro-gram performance standards described in subsection (a) through activities that may include— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.027 S14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5077 July 14, 2015 
‘‘(A) expanding the center-based or family 
child care provider’s programs through fi-nancial support; 
‘‘(B) providing training, technical assist-
ance, and support to the provider in order to help the provider meet the program perform-ance standards, which may include sup-porting program and partner staff in earning a child development associate credential, as-sociate’s degree, or baccalaureate degree in early childhood education or a closely re-lated field for working with infants and tod-dlers; and 
‘‘(C) blending funds received under the 
Child Care and Development Block Grant of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858 et seq.) and the Early Head Start program carried out under sec-tion 645A in order to provide high-quality child care, for a full day, that meets the pro-gram performance standards; 
‘‘(2) develop and implement a proposal to 
recruit and enter into a contract with a cen-ter-based or family child care provider, par-ticularly a provider that serves children who receive assistance under the Child Care and Development Block Grant of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858 et seq.); 
‘‘(3) create a clear and realizable timeline 
to increase the quality and capacity of a cen-ter-based or family child care provider so that the provider meets the program per-formance standards described in subsection (a); and 
‘‘(4) align activities and services provided 
through funding under this section with the Head Start Child Outcomes Framework. 
‘‘(e) S
TANDARDS .—Prior to awarding grants 
under this section, the Secretary shall estab-lish standards to ensure that the responsi-bility and expectations of the Early Head Start agency and the partner child care pro-
viders are clearly defined. 
‘‘(f) D
ESIGNATION RENEWAL .—A partner 
child care provider that receives assistance through a grant provided under this section shall be exempt, for a period of 18 months, from the designation renewal requirements under section 641(c). 
‘‘(g) S
URVEY OF EARLY HEADSTART AGEN-
CIES AND REPORT TO CONGRESS .—Within one 
year of the effective date of this section, the Secretary shall conduct a survey of Early Head Start agencies to determine the extent of barriers to entering into early learning quality partnership agreements under this section on Early Head Start agencies and on child care providers, and submit this infor-mation, with suggested steps to overcome such barriers, in a report to the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate, including a detailed description of the degree to which Early Head Start agencies are utilizing the funds provided. 
‘‘(h) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section— 
‘‘(1) $1,430,376,000 for fiscal year 2016; and ‘‘(2) such sums as may be necessary for 
each of fiscal years 2017 through 2020.’’. 
Subpart D—Authorization of Appropriations 
for the Education of Children With Disabil-ities 
SEC. 10341. PRESCHOOL GRANTS. 
Section 619(j) of the Individuals with Dis-
abilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1419(j)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(j) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $418,000,000 for fiscal year 2016 and such sums as may be necessary for each succeeding fiscal year.’’. 
SEC. 10342. INFANTS AND TODDLERS WITH DIS-
ABILITIES. 
Section 644 of the Individuals with Disabil-
ities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1444) is amend-ed to read as follows: ‘‘SEC. 644. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
‘‘For the purpose of carrying out this part, 
there are authorized to be appropriated $508,000,000 for fiscal year 2016 and such sums as may be necessary for each succeeding fis-cal year.’’. 
Subpart E—Maternal, Infant, and Early 
Childhood Home Visiting Program 
SEC. 10351. SENSE OF THE SENATE. 
It is the sense of the Senate that— (1) from the prenatal period to the first day 
of kindergarten, children’s development rap-idly progresses at a pace exceeding that of any subsequent stage of life; 
(2) as reported by the National Academy of 
Sciences in 2001, striking disparities exist in what children know and can do that are evi-dent well before they enter kindergarten; 
(3) such differences are strongly associated 
with social and economic circumstances, and they are predictive of subsequent academic performance; 
(4) research has consistently demonstrated 
that investments in high-quality programs that serve infants and toddlers— 
(A) better positions those children for suc-
cess in elementary, secondary, and postsec-ondary education; and 
(B) helps those children develop the crit-
ical physical, emotional, social, and cog-nitive skills that they will need for the rest of their lives; 
(5) in 2011, there were 11,000,000 infants and 
toddlers living in the United States, and 49 percent of these children came from low-in-come families with incomes at or below 200 percent of the Federal poverty guidelines; 
(6) the Maternal, Infant, and Early Child-
hood Home Visiting program (referred to as ‘‘MIECHV’’) was authorized by Congress to facilitate collaboration and partnership at the Federal, State, and community levels to improve health and development outcomes for at-risk children, including those from low-income families, through evidence-based home visiting programs; 
(7) MIECHV is an evidence-based policy 
initiative and the program’s authorizing leg-islation requires that at least 75 percent of funds dedicated to the program must support programs to implement evidence-based home visiting models, which includes the home- based model of Early Head Start; and 
(8) Congress should continue to provide re-
sources to MIECHV to support the work of States to help at-risk families voluntarily receive home visits from nurses and social workers to— 
(A) promote maternal, infant, and child 
health; 
(B) improve school readiness and achieve-
ment; 
(C) prevent potential child abuse or neglect 
and injuries; 
(D) support family economic self-suffi-
ciency; 
(E) reduce crime or domestic violence; and (F) improve coordination or referrals for 
community resources and supports. 
Subpart F—Paying a Fair Share 
SEC. 10361. FAIR SHARE TAX ON HIGH-INCOME 
TAXPAYERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter A of chapter 1 
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new part: 
‘‘PART VII—FAIR SHARE TAX ON HIGH- 
INCOME TAXPAYERS 
‘‘Sec. 59A. Fair share tax. 
‘‘SEC. 59A. FAIR SHARE TAX. 
‘‘(a) G ENERAL RULE.— 
‘‘(1) P HASE -IN OF TAX .—In the case of any 
high-income taxpayer, there is hereby im-posed for a taxable year (in addition to any other tax imposed by this subtitle) a tax equal to the product of— ‘‘(A) the amount determined under para-
graph (2), and 
‘‘(B) a fraction (not to exceed 1)— ‘‘(i) the numerator of which is the excess 
of— 
‘‘(I) the taxpayer’s adjusted gross income, 
over 
‘‘(II) the dollar amount in effect under sub-
section (c)(1), and 
‘‘(ii) the denominator of which is the dollar 
amount in effect under subsection (c)(1). 
‘‘(2) A
MOUNT OF TAX .—The amount of tax 
determined under this paragraph is an amount equal to the excess (if any) of— 
‘‘(A) the tentative fair share tax for the 
taxable year, over 
‘‘(B) the excess of— ‘‘(i) the sum of— ‘‘(I) the regular tax liability (as defined in 
section 26(b)) for the taxable year, deter-mined without regard to any tax liability de-termined under this section, 
‘‘(II) the tax imposed by section 55 for the 
taxable year, plus 
‘‘(III) the payroll tax for the taxable year, 
over 
‘‘(ii) the credits allowable under part IV of 
subchapter A (other than sections 27(a), 31, and 34). 
‘‘(b) T
ENTATIVE FAIRSHARE TAX.—For pur-
poses of this section— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The tentative fair share 
tax for the taxable year is 30 percent of the excess of— 
‘‘(A) the adjusted gross income of the tax-
payer, over 
‘‘(B) the modified charitable contribution 
deduction for the taxable year. 
‘‘(2) M
ODIFIED CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTION  
DEDUCTION .—For purposes of paragraph (1)— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The modified charitable 
contribution deduction for any taxable year is an amount equal to the amount which bears the same ratio to the deduction allow-able under section 170 (section 642(c) in the case of a trust or estate) for such taxable year as— 
‘‘(i) the amount of itemized deductions al-
lowable under the regular tax (as defined in section 55) for such taxable year, determined after the application of section 68, bears to 
‘‘(ii) such amount, determined before the 
application of section 68. 
‘‘(B) T
AXPAYER MUST ITEMIZE .—In the case 
of any individual who does not elect to itemize deductions for the taxable year, the modified charitable contribution deduction shall be zero. 
‘‘(c) H
IGH-INCOME TAXPAYER .—For purposes 
of this section— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘high-income 
taxpayer’ means, with respect to any taxable year, any taxpayer (other than a corpora-tion) with an adjusted gross income for such taxable year in excess of $1,000,000 (50 percent of such amount in the case of a married indi-vidual who files a separate return). 
‘‘(2) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In the case of a taxable 
year beginning after 2016, the $1,000,000 amount under paragraph (1) shall be in-creased by an amount equal to— 
‘‘(i) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(ii) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-
mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, deter-mined by substituting ‘calendar year 2015’ for ‘calendar year 1992’ in subparagraph (B) thereof. 
‘‘(B) R
OUNDING .—If any amount as adjusted 
under subparagraph (A) is not a multiple of $10,000, such amount shall be rounded to the next lowest multiple of $10,000. 
‘‘(d) P
AYROLL TAX.—For purposes of this 
section, the payroll tax for any taxable year is an amount equal to the excess of— 
‘‘(1) the taxes imposed on the taxpayer 
under sections 1401, 1411, 3101, 3201, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.027 S14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5078 July 14, 2015 
3211(a) (to the extent such tax is attributable 
to the rate of tax in effect under section 3101) with respect to such taxable year or wages or compensation received during such taxable year, over 
‘‘(2) the deduction allowable under section 
164(f) for such taxable year. 
‘‘(e) S
PECIAL RULE FOR ESTATES AND  
TRUSTS .—For purposes of this section, in the 
case of an estate or trust, adjusted gross in-come shall be computed in the manner de-scribed in section 67(e). 
‘‘(f) N
OTTREATED AS TAXIMPOSED BY THIS 
CHAPTER FOR CERTAIN PURPOSES .—The tax 
imposed under this section shall not be treated as tax imposed by this chapter for purposes of determining the amount of any credit under this chapter (other than the credit allowed under section 27(a)) or for pur-poses of section 55.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
parts for subchapter A of chapter 1 of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘P
ARTVII—F AIRSHARE TAX ON HIGH-INCOME  
TAXPAYERS ’’. 
(c) E FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2015. 
(d) F
UNDING .—Any increase in revenue at-
tributable to the amendments made by this section shall be allocated to carrying out subparts A and B. 
SA 2243. Mr. COONS (for himself and 
Mr. R UBIO) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER  
(for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, to reauthorize the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of the bill, add the following: 
PART C—AMERICAN DREAM ACCOUNTS 
SEC. 10301. SHORT TITLE. 
This part may be cited as the ‘‘American 
Dream Accounts Act’’. 
SEC. 10302. DEFINITIONS. 
In this part: (1) A
MERICAN DREAM ACCOUNT .—The term 
‘‘American Dream Account’’ means a per-sonal online account for low-income students that monitors higher education readiness and includes a college savings account. 
(2) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON -
GRESS .—The term ‘‘appropriate committees 
of Congress’’ means the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Com-mittee on Finance of the Senate, and the Committee on Education and the Workforce, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives, as well as any other Committee of the Senate or House of Rep-resentatives that the Secretary determines appropriate. 
(3) C
HARTER SCHOOL .—The term ‘‘charter 
school’’ has the meaning given such term in section 5110 of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7221i). 
(4) C
OLLEGE SAVINGS ACCOUNT .—The term 
‘‘college savings account’’ means a trust cre-ated or organized exclusively for the purpose of paying the qualified expenses of only an individual who, when the trust is created or organized, has not obtained 18 years of age, if the written governing instrument creating the trust contains the following require-ments: 
(A) The trustee is a Federally insured fi-
nancial institution, or a State insured finan-cial institution if a Federally insured finan-
cial institution is not available. 
(B) The assets of the trust will be invested 
in accordance with the direction of the indi-vidual or of a parent or guardian of the indi-vidual, after consultation with the entity providing the initial contribution to the trust or, if applicable, a matching or other contribution for the individual. 
(C) The assets of the trust will not be com-
mingled with other property except in a common trust fund or common investment fund. 
(D) Any amount in the trust that is attrib-
utable to an account seed or matched deposit may be paid or distributed from the trust only for the purpose of paying qualified ex-penses of the individual. 
(5) D
UAL OR CONCURRENT ENROLLMENT PRO -
GRAM .—The term ‘‘dual or concurrent enroll-
ment program’’ means a program of study— 
(A) provided by an institution of higher 
education through which a student who has not graduated from high school with a reg-ular high school diploma (as defined in sec-tion 200.19(b)(1)(iv) of title 34, Code of Fed-eral Regulations, as such section was in ef-fect on November 28, 2008) is able to earn postsecondary credit; and 
(B) that shall consist of not less than 2 
postsecondary credit-bearing courses and support and academic services that help a student persist and complete such courses. 
(6) E
ARLY COLLEGE HIGH SCHOOL PROGRAM .— 
The term ‘‘early college high school pro-gram’’ means a formal partnership between at least 1 local educational agency and at least 1 institution of higher education that allows participants, who are primarily low- income students, to simultaneously com-plete requirements toward earning a regular high school diploma (as defined in section 200.19(b)(1)(iv) of title 34, Code of Federal Regulations, as such section was in effect on November 28, 2008) and earn not less than 12 transferable credits as part of an organized course of study toward a postsecondary de-gree or credential. 
(7) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘‘eligible 
entity’’ means— 
(A) a State educational agency; (B) a local educational agency, including a 
charter school that operates as its own local educational agency; 
(C) a charter management organization or 
charter school authorizer; 
(D) an institution of higher education or a 
Tribal College or University; 
(E) a nonprofit organization; (F) an entity with demonstrated experi-
ence in educational savings or in assisting 
low-income students to prepare for, and at-tend, an institution of higher education; 
(G) a consortium of 2 or more of the enti-
ties described in subparagraphs (A) through (F); or 
(H) a consortium of 1 or more of the enti-
ties described in subparagraphs (A) through (F) and a public school, a charter school, a school operated by the Bureau of Indian Af-fairs, or a tribally controlled school. 
(8) I
NSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .—The 
term ‘‘institution of higher education’’ has the meaning given such term in section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001(a)). 
(9) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY .—The term 
‘‘local educational agency’’ has the meaning given such term in section 9101 of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801). 
(10) L
OW-INCOME STUDENT .—The term ‘‘low- 
income student’’ means a student who is eli-gible to receive a free or reduced price lunch under the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.). 
(11) P
ARENT .—The term ‘‘parent’’ has the 
meaning given such term in section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education 
Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801). 
(12) Q UALIFIED EXPENSES .—The term 
‘‘qualified expenses’’ means, with respect to an individual, expenses that— 
(A) are incurred after the individual re-
ceives a secondary school diploma or its rec-ognized equivalent; and 
(B) are associated with attending an insti-
tution of higher education, including— 
(i) tuition and fees; (ii) room and board; (iii) textbooks; (iv) supplies and equipment; and (v) Internet access. (13) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of Education. 
(14) S TATE EDUCATIONAL AGENCY .—The term 
‘‘State educational agency’’ has the meaning given such term in section 9101 of the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801). 
(15) T
RIBAL COLLEGE OR UNIVERSITY .—The 
term ‘‘Tribal College or University’’ has the meaning given such term in section 316(b) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1059c(b)). 
(16) T
RIBALLY CONTROLLED SCHOOL .—The 
term ‘‘tribally controlled school’’ has the meaning given such term in section 5212 of the Tribally Controlled Schools Act of 1988 (25 U.S.C. 2511). 
SEC. 10303. GRANT PROGRAM. 
(a) P ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary 
shall establish a pilot program and award 10 grants to eligible entities to enable such eli-gible entities to establish and administer American Dream Accounts for a group of low-income students. 
(b) R
ESERVATION .—From the amounts ap-
propriated each fiscal year to carry out this part, the Secretary shall reserve not more than 5 percent of such amount to carry out the evaluation activities described in section 10306. 
(c) D
URATION .—A grant awarded under this 
part shall be for a period of not more than 3 years. The Secretary may extend such grant for an additional 2-year period if the Sec-retary determines that the eligible entity has demonstrated significant progress, based on the factors described in section 10304(b)(11). 
SEC. 10304. APPLICATIONS; PRIORITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Each eligible entity de-
siring a grant under this part shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such infor-mation as the Secretary may require. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—At a minimum, the applica-
tion described in subsection (a) shall include the following: 
(1) A description of the characteristics of a 
group of not less than 30 low-income public school students who— 
(A) are, at the time of the application, at-
tending a grade not higher than grade 9; and 
(B) will, under the grant, receive an Amer-
ican Dream Account. 
(2) A description of how the eligible entity 
will engage, and provide support (such as tu-toring and mentoring for students, and training for teachers and other stakeholders) either online or in person, to— 
(A) the students in the group described in 
paragraph (1); 
(B) the family members and teachers of 
such students; and 
(C) other stakeholders such as school ad-
ministrators and school counselors. 
(3) An identification of partners who will 
assist the eligible entity in establishing and sustaining American Dream Accounts. 
(4) A description of what experience the el-
igible entity or the partners of the eligible entity have in managing college savings ac-counts, preparing low-income students for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.027 S14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5079 July 14, 2015 
postsecondary education, managing online 
systems, and teaching financial literacy. 
(5) A demonstration that the eligible enti-
ty has sufficient resources to provide an ini-tial deposit into the college savings account portion of each American Dream Account. 
(6) A description of how the eligible entity 
will help increase the value of the college savings account portion of each American Dream Account, such as by providing match-ing funds or incentives for academic achieve-ment. 
(7) A description of how the eligible entity 
will notify each participating student in the group described in paragraph (1), on a semi-annual basis, of the current balance and sta-tus of the college savings account portion of the American Dream Account of the student. 
(8) A plan that describes how the eligible 
entity will monitor participating students in the group described in paragraph (1) to en-sure that the American Dream Account of each student will be maintained if a student in such group changes schools before grad-uating from secondary school. 
(9) A plan that describes how the American 
Dream Accounts will be managed for not less than 1 year after a majority of the students in the group described in paragraph (1) grad-uate from secondary school. 
(10) A description of how the eligible entity 
will encourage students in the group de-scribed in paragraph (1) who fail to graduate from secondary school to continue their edu-cation. 
(11) A description of how the eligible entity 
will evaluate the grant program, including by collecting, as applicable, the following data about the students in the group de-scribed in paragraph (1) during the grant pe-riod, or until the time of graduation from a secondary school, whichever comes first, and, if sufficient grant funds are available, after the grant period: 
(A) Attendance rates. (B) Progress reports. (C) Grades and course selections. (D) The student graduation rate, as defined 
as the percentage of students who graduate 
from secondary school with a regular di-ploma in the standard number of years. 
(E) Rates of student completion of the Free 
Application for Federal Student Aid de-scribed in section 483 of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1090). 
(F) Rates of enrollment in an institution of 
higher education. 
(G) Rates of completion at an institution 
of higher education. 
(12) A description of what will happen to 
the funds in the college savings account por-tion of the American Dream Accounts that are dedicated to participating students de-scribed in paragraph (1) who have not ma-triculated at an institution of higher edu-cation at the time of the conclusion of the period of American Dream Account manage-ment described in paragraph (9), including how the eligible entity will give students this information. 
(13) A description of how the eligible entity 
will ensure that participating students de-scribed in paragraph (1) will have access to the Internet. 
(14) A description of how the eligible entity 
will take into consideration how funds in the college savings account portion of American Dream Accounts will affect participating families’ eligibility for public assistance. 
(c) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under 
this part, the Secretary shall give priority to applications from eligible entities that— 
(1) are described in subparagraph (G) or (H) 
of section 10302(7); 
(2) serve the largest number of low-income 
students; 
(3) in the case of an eligible entity de-
scribed in subparagraph (A) or (B) of section 10302(7), provide opportunities for partici-
pating students described in subsection (b)(1) to participate in a dual or concurrent enroll-ment program or early college high school program at no cost to the student or the stu-dent’s family; or 
(4) as of the time of application, have been 
awarded a grant under chapter 2 of subpart 2 of part A of title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1070a–21 et seq.) (com-monly referred to as the ‘‘GEAR UP pro-gram’’). 
SEC. 10305. AUTHORIZED ACTIVITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—An eligible entity that re-
ceives a grant under this part shall use such grant funds to establish an American Dream Account for each participating student de-scribed in section 10304(b)(1), that will be used to— 
(1) open a college savings account for such 
student; 
(2) monitor the progress of such student 
online, which— 
(A) shall include monitoring student data 
relating to— 
(i) grades and course selections; (ii) progress reports; and (iii) attendance and disciplinary records; 
and 
(B) may also include monitoring student 
data relating to a broad range of informa-tion, provided by teachers and family mem-bers, related to postsecondary education readiness, access, and completion; 
(3) provide opportunities for such students, 
either online or in person, to learn about fi-nancial literacy, including by— 
(A) assisting such students in financial 
planning for enrollment in an institution of higher education; 
(B) assisting such students in identifying 
and applying for financial aid (such as loans, grants, and scholarships) for an institution of higher education; and 
(C) enhancing student understanding of 
consumer, economic, and personal finance concepts; 
(4) provide opportunities for such students, 
either online or in person, to learn about preparing for enrollment in an institution of higher education, including by providing in-struction to students about— 
(A) choosing the appropriate courses to 
prepare for postsecondary education; 
(B) applying to an institution of higher 
education; 
(C) building a student portfolio, which may 
be used when applying to an institution of higher education; 
(D) selecting an institution of higher edu-
cation; 
(E) choosing a major for the student’s post-
secondary program of education or a career path; and 
(F) adapting to life at an institution of 
higher education; and 
(5) provide opportunities for such students, 
either online or in person, to identify skills or interests, including career interests. 
(b) A
CCESS TO AMERICAN DREAM ACCOUNT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraphs (3) 
and (4), and in accordance with applicable Federal laws and regulations relating to pri-vacy of information and the privacy of chil-dren, an eligible entity that receives a grant under this part shall allow vested stake-holders, as described in paragraph (2), to have secure access, through an Internet website, to an American Dream Account. 
(2) V
ESTED STAKEHOLDERS .—The vested 
stakeholders that an eligible entity shall permit to access an American Dream Ac-count are individuals (such as the student’s teachers, school counselors, school adminis-trators, or other individuals) that are des-ignated, in accordance with section 444 of the General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g, commonly known as the ‘‘Family Edu-
cational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974’’), by the parent of a participating student in whose name such American Dream Account is held, as having permission to access the account. A student’s parent may withdraw such designation from an individual at any time. 
(3) E
XCEPTION FOR COLLEGE SAVINGS AC -
COUNT .—An eligible entity that receives a 
grant under this part shall not be required to give vested stakeholders, as described in paragraph (2), access to the college savings account portion of a student’s American Dream Account. 
(4) A
DULT STUDENTS .—Notwithstanding 
paragraphs (1), (2), and (3), if a participating student is age 18 or older, an eligible entity that receives a grant under this part shall not provide access to such participating stu-dent’s American Dream Account without the student’s consent, in accordance with sec-tion 444 of the General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g, commonly known as the ‘‘Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974’’). 
(5) I
NPUT OF STUDENT INFORMATION .—Stu-
dent data collected pursuant to subsection (a)(2)(A) shall be entered into an American Dream Account only by a school adminis-trator or the designee of such administrator. 
(c) P
ROHIBITION ON USE OF STUDENT INFOR -
MATION .—An eligible entity that receives a 
grant under this part shall not use any stu-dent-level information or data for the pur-pose of soliciting, advertising, or marketing any financial or non-financial consumer product or service that is offered by such eli-gible entity, or on behalf of any other per-son. 
(d) P
ROHIBITION ON THE USE OF GRANT  
FUNDS .—An eligible entity shall not use 
grant funds provided under this part to pro-vide any deposits into a college savings ac-count portion of a student’s American Dream Account. 
SEC. 10306. REPORTS AND EVALUATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year 
after the Secretary has disbursed grants under this part, and annually thereafter until each grant disbursed under this part has ended, the Secretary shall prepare and submit a report to the appropriate commit-tees of Congress, which shall include an eval-uation of the effectiveness of the grant pro-gram established under this part. 
(b) C
ONTENTS .—The report described in sub-
section (a) shall— 
(1) list the grants that have been awarded 
under section 10303(a); 
(2) include the number of students who 
have an American Dream Account estab-lished through a grant awarded under sec-tion 10303(a); 
(3) provide data (including the interest ac-
crued on college savings accounts that are part of an American Dream Account) in the aggregate, regarding students who have an American Dream Account established through a grant awarded under section 10303(a), as compared to similarly situated students who do not have an American Dream Account; 
(4) identify best practices developed by the 
eligible entities receiving grants under this part; 
(5) identify any issues related to student 
privacy and stakeholder accessibility to American Dream Accounts; 
(6) provide feedback from participating 
students and the parents of such students about the grant program, including— 
(A) the impact of the program; (B) aspects of the program that are suc-
cessful; 
(C) aspects of the program that are not 
successful; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.031 S14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5080 July 14, 2015 
(D) any other data required by the Sec-
retary; and 
(7) provide recommendations for expanding 
the American Dream Accounts program. 
SEC. 10307. ELIGIBILITY TO RECEIVE FEDERAL 
STUDENT FINANCIAL AID. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of 
law, any funds that are in the college savings account portion of a student’s American Dream Account shall not affect such stu-dent’s eligibility to receive Federal student financial aid, including any Federal student financial aid under the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001 et seq.), and shall not be considered in determining the amount of any such Federal student aid. 
SEC. 10308. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
There are authorized to be appropriated to 
carry out this part such sums as may be nec-essary for fiscal year 2016 and each of the 4 succeeding fiscal years. 
SA 2244. Mr. CASSIDY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 66, between lines 2 and 3, insert 
the following: 
‘‘(H) how the State educational agency 
will— 
‘‘(i) provide information on the immuniza-
tion rates of local educational agencies (in accordance with State law) to inform par-ents and to protect the health and safety of students; and 
‘‘(ii) make such information publically 
available in an understandable and usable format on the State educational agency’s website, including links to each local edu-cational agency’s website and the appro-priate State health agency that has such in-formation; 
SA 2245. Mrs. SHAHEEN submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. 
MURRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, to reau-
thorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of the bill, add the following: 
SEC. 1020 ll. SENSE OF THE SENATE ON SEQUES-
TRATION. 
It is the Sense of the Senate that— 
(1) the Nation’s fiscal challenges are a top 
priority for Congress, and sequestration, non-strategic, across-the-board budget cuts, remains an unreasonable and inadequate budgeting tool to address the Nation’s defi-cits and debt; 
(2) sequestration relief must be accom-
plished for fiscal years 2016 and 2017; 
(3) sequestration relief should include 
equal defense and non-defense relief; and 
(4) sequestration relief should be offset 
through targeted changes in mandatory and discretionary categories and revenues. 
SA 2246. Mr. M CCAIN (for himself and 
Mr. F LAKE ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER  
(for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, to reauthorize the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on 
the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
TITLE XI—MISCELLANEOUS 
SEC. 11001. REVIEW AND NOTIFICATIONS OF CAT-
EGORICAL EXCLUSIONS GRANTED FOR NEXT GENERATION FLIGHT PROCEDURES. 
Section 213(c) of the FAA Modernization 
and Reform Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–95; 49 U.S.C. 40101 note) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(3) N
OTIFICATIONS AND CONSULTATIONS .— 
Not less than 30 days before granting a cat-egorical exclusion under this subsection for a new procedure, the Administrator shall no-tify and consult with the affected public and the operator of the airport at which the pro-cedure would be implemented. 
‘‘(4) R
EVIEW OF CERTAIN CATEGORICAL EX -
CLUSIONS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall 
review a decision of the Administrator made on or after February 14, 2012, and before the date of the enactment of this paragraph to grant a categorical exclusion under this sub-section with respect to a procedure to be im-plemented at an airport to determine if the implementation of the procedure had a sig-nificant effect on the human environment in the community in which the airport is lo-cated if the operator of that airport requests such a review and demonstrates that there is good cause to believe that the implementa-tion of the procedure had such an effect. 
‘‘(B) C
ONTENT OF REVIEW .—If, in conducting 
a review under subparagraph (A) with re-spect to a procedure implemented at an air-port, the Administrator, in consultation with the operator of the airport, determines that implementing the procedure had a sig-nificant effect on the human environment in the community in which the airport is lo-cated, the Administrator shall— 
‘‘(i) consult with the operator of the air-
port to identify measures to mitigate the ef-fect of the procedure on the human environ-ment; and 
‘‘(ii) in conducting such consultations, con-
sider the use of alternative flight paths.’’. 
SA 2247. Mr. BURR (for himself and 
Mr. B ENNET ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER  
(for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, to reauthorize the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike sections 1009, 1010, and 1011 and in-
sert the following: 
SEC. 1009. GRANTS FOR THE OUTLYING AREAS 
AND THE SECRETARY OF THE INTE-RIOR. 
Section 1121 (20 U.S.C. 6331) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), in the matter pre-
ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and 1125A(f)’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b)(3)(C)(ii), by striking 
‘‘challenging State academic content stand-ards’’ and inserting ‘‘challenging State aca-demic standards’’. 
SEC. 1010. ALLOCATIONS TO STATES. 
Section 1122 (20 U.S.C. 6332) is amended— (1) by striking subsection (a) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(a) A
LLOCATION FORMULA .— 
‘‘(1) I NITIAL ALLOCATION .—For each of fiscal 
years 2016 through 2021 (referred to in this subsection as the ‘current fiscal year’), the Secretary shall allocate $14,500,000,000 of the amount appropriated under section 1002(a) to carry out this part (or, if the total amount appropriated for this part is equal to or less 
than $14,500,000,000, all of such amount) in ac-cordance with the following: 
‘‘(A) An amount equal to the amount made 
available to carry out section 1124 for fiscal year 2001 shall be allocated in accordance with section 1124. 
‘‘(B) An amount equal to the amount made 
available to carry out section 1124A for fiscal year 2001 shall be allocated in accordance with section 1124A. 
‘‘(C) An amount equal to 100 percent of the 
amount, if any, by which the amount made available under this paragraph for the cur-rent fiscal year for which the determination is made exceeds the amount available to carry out sections 1124 and 1124A for fiscal year 2001 shall be allocated in accordance with section 1125 and 1125A. 
‘‘(2) A
LLOCATIONS IN EXCESS OF  
$14,500,000,000.—For each of the current fiscal 
years for which the amounts appropriated under section 1002(a) to carry out this part exceed $14,500,000,000, an amount equal to such excess amount shall be allocated in ac-cordance with section 1123.’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘under this subpart’’ and in-
serting ‘‘under subsection (a)(1) for sections 1124, 1124A, 1125, and 1125A’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘and 1125’’ and inserting 
‘‘1125, and 1125A’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by inserting ‘‘under subsection (a)(1)’’ 
after ‘‘become available’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘and 1125’’ and inserting 
‘‘1125, and 1125A’’; 
(3) in subsection (c)(1), by inserting ‘‘and to 
the extent amounts under subsection (a)(1) are available’’ after ‘‘For each fiscal year’’; and 
(4) in subsection (d)(1), by striking ‘‘under 
this subpart’’ and inserting ‘‘under sub-section (a)(1) for sections 1124, 1124A, 1125, and 1125A’’. 
SEC. 1011. EQUITY GRANTS. 
Subpart 2 of part A of title I (20 U.S.C. 6331 
et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 1122 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1123. EQUITY GRANTS. 
‘‘(a) A UTHORIZATION .—From funds appro-
priated under section 1002(a) for a fiscal year and available for allocation pursuant to sec-tion 1122(a)(2), the Secretary is authorized to make grants to States, from allotments under subsection (b), to carry out the pro-grams and activities of this part. 
‘‘(b) D
ISTRIBUTION BASED UPONCONCENTRA -
TIONS OF POVERTY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraphs (B) and (C), funds appro-priated pursuant to subsection (a) for a fiscal year shall be allotted to each State based upon the number of children counted under section 1124(c) in such State multiplied by the product of— 
‘‘(i) 40 percent of the average per-pupil ex-
penditure in the United States (other than the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico); multi-plied by 
‘‘(ii) 1.30 minus such State’s equity factor 
described in paragraph (2). 
‘‘(B) P
UERTO RICO .—For each fiscal year, 
the Secretary shall allot to the Common-wealth of Puerto Rico an amount of the funds appropriated under subsection (a) that bears the same relation to the total amount of funds appropriated under such subsection as the amount that the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico received under this subpart for fiscal year 2015 bears to the total amount re-ceived by all States for such fiscal year. 
‘‘(C) S
TATE MINIMUM .—Notwithstanding 
any other provision of this section, from the total amount available for any fiscal year to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.031 S14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5081 July 14, 2015 
carry out this section, each State (except for 
Puerto Rico) shall be allotted at least the lesser of— 
‘‘(i) 0.35 percent of the total amount avail-
able to carry out this section for such fiscal year; or 
‘‘(ii) the average of— ‘‘(I) 0.35 percent of such total amount for 
such fiscal year; and 
‘‘(II) 150 percent of the national average 
grant under this section per child described in section 1124(c), without application of a weighting factor, multiplied by the State’s total number of children described in section 1124(c), without application of a weighting factor. 
‘‘(2) E
QUITY FACTOR .— 
‘‘(A) D ETERMINATION .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (B), the Secretary shall deter-mine the equity factor under this section for each State in accordance with clause (ii). 
‘‘(ii) C
OMPUTATION .— 
‘‘(I) I N GENERAL .—For each State, the Sec-
retary shall compute a weighted coefficient of variation for the per-pupil expenditures of local educational agencies in accordance with subclauses (II), (III), and (IV). 
‘‘(II) V
ARIATION .—In computing coeffi-
cients of variation, the Secretary shall weigh the variation between per-pupil expenditures in each local educational agency and the av-erage per-pupil expenditures in the State ac-cording to the number of pupils served by the local educational agency. 
‘‘(III) N
UMBER OF PUPILS .—In determining 
the number of pupils under this paragraph served by each local educational agency and in each State, the Secretary shall multiply the number of children counted under sec-tion 1124(c) by a factor of 1.4. 
‘‘(IV) E
NROLLMENT REQUIREMENT .—In com-
puting coefficients of variation, the Sec-retary shall include only those local edu-cational agencies with an enrollment of more than 200 students. 
‘‘(B) S
PECIAL RULE .—The equity factor for 
a State that meets the disparity standard de-scribed in section 222.162 of title 34, Code of Federal Regulations (as such section was in effect on the day preceding the date of enact-ment of the No Child Left Behind Act of 2001) or a State with only one local educational agency shall be not greater than 0.10. 
‘‘(c) U
SE OF FUNDS ; ELIGIBILITY OF LOCAL  
EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES .—All funds awarded 
to each State under this section shall be al-located to local educational agencies under the following provisions: 
‘‘(1) D
ISTRIBUTION WITHIN LOCAL EDU -
CATIONAL AGENCIES .—Within local edu-
cational agencies, funds allocated under this section shall be distributed to schools on a basis consistent with section 1113, and may only be used to carry out activities under this part. 
‘‘(2) E
LIGIBILITY FOR GRANT .—A local edu-
cational agency in a State is eligible to re-ceive a grant under this section for any fis-cal year if— 
‘‘(A) the number of children in the local 
educational agency counted under section 1124(c), before application of the weighted child count described in subsection (d), is at least 10; and 
‘‘(B) if the number of children counted for 
grants under section 1124(c), before applica-tion of the weighted child count described in subsection (d), is at least 5 percent of the total number of children aged 5 to 17 years, inclusive, in the school district of the local educational agency. 
‘‘(d) A
LLOCATION OF FUNDS TO ELIGIBLE  
LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Funds received by States 
under this section for a fiscal year shall be allocated within States to eligible local edu-cational agencies on the basis of weighted child counts calculated in accordance with 
paragraph (2), (3), or (4), as appropriate for each State. 
‘‘(2) S
TATES WITH AN EQUITY FACTOR LESS  
THAN .10.— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In States with an equity 
factor less than .10, the weighted child counts referred to in paragraph (1) for a fis-cal year shall be the larger of the 2 amounts determined under subparagraphs (B) and (C). 
‘‘(B) B
Y PERCENTAGE OF CHILDREN .—The 
amount referred to in subparagraph (A) is de-termined by adding— 
‘‘(i) the number of children determined 
under section 1124(c) for that local edu-cational agency who constitute not more than 17.27 percent, inclusive, of the agency’s total population aged 5 to 17, inclusive, mul-tiplied by 1.0; 
‘‘(ii) the number of such children who con-
stitute more than 17.27 percent, but not more than 23.48 percent, of such population, multi-plied by 1.75; 
‘‘(iii) the number of such children who con-
stitute more than 23.48 percent, but not more than 29.11 percent, of such population, multi-plied by 2.5; 
‘‘(iv) the number of such children who con-
stitute more than 29.11 percent, but not more than 36.10 percent, of such population, multi-plied by 3.25; and 
‘‘(v) the number of such children who con-
stitute more than 36.10 percent of such popu-lation, multiplied by 4.0. 
‘‘(C) B
Y NUMBER OF CHILDREN .—The amount 
referred to in subparagraph (A) is determined by adding— 
‘‘(i) the number of children determined 
under section 1124(c) who constitute not more than 834, inclusive, of the agency’s total population aged 5 to 17, inclusive, mul-tiplied by 1.0; 
‘‘(ii) the number of such children between 
835 and 2,629, inclusive, in such population, multiplied by 1.5; 
‘‘(iii) the number of such children between 
2,630 and 7,668, inclusive, in such population, multiplied by 2.0; and 
‘‘(iv)(I) in the case of an agency that is not 
a high poverty percentage local educational agency, the number of such children in ex-cess of 7,668 in such population, multiplied by 2.0; or 
‘‘(II) in the case of a high poverty percent-
age local educational agency— 
‘‘(aa) the number of such children between 
7,669 and 26,412, inclusive, in such population, multiplied by 2.5; and 
‘‘(bb) the number of such children in excess 
of 26,412 in such population, multiplied by 3.0. 
‘‘(3) S
TATES WITH AN EQUITY FACTOR GREAT -
ER THAN OR EQUAL TO .10 AND LESS THAN .20.— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In States with an equity 
factor greater than or equal to .10 and less than .20, the weighted child counts referred to in paragraph (1) for a fiscal year shall be the larger of the 2 amounts determined under subparagraphs (B) and (C). 
‘‘(B) B
Y PERCENTAGE OF CHILDREN .—The 
amount referred to in subparagraph (A) is de-termined by adding— 
‘‘(i) the number of children determined 
under section 1124(c) for that local edu-cational agency who constitute not more than 17.27 percent, inclusive, of the agency’s total population aged 5 to 17, inclusive, mul-tiplied by 1.0; 
‘‘(ii) the number of such children who con-
stitute more than 17.27 percent, but not more than 23.48 percent, of such population, multi-plied by 1.5; 
‘‘(iii) the number of such children who con-
stitute more than 23.48 percent, but not more than 29.11 percent, of such population, multi-plied by 3.0; 
‘‘(iv) the number of such children who con-
stitute more than 29.11 percent, but not more than 36.10 percent, of such population, multi-
plied by 4.5; and 
‘‘(v) the number of such children who con-
stitute more than 36.10 percent of such popu-lation, multiplied by 6.0. 
‘‘(C) B
Y NUMBER OF CHILDREN .—The amount 
referred to in subparagraph (A) is determined by adding— 
‘‘(i) the number of children determined 
under section 1124(c) who constitute not more than 834, inclusive, of the agency’s total population aged 5 to 17, inclusive, mul-tiplied by 1.0; 
‘‘(ii) the number of such children between 
835 and 2,629, inclusive, in such population, multiplied by 1.5; 
‘‘(iii) the number of such children between 
2,630 and 7,668, inclusive, in such population, multiplied by 2.25; and 
‘‘(iv)(I) in the case of an agency that is not 
a high poverty percentage local educational agency, the number of such children in ex-cess of 7,668 in such population, multiplied by 2.25; or 
‘‘(II) in the case of a high poverty percent-
age local educational agency— 
‘‘(aa) the number of such children between 
7,669 and 26,412, inclusive, in such population, multiplied by 3.375; and 
‘‘(bb) the number of such children in excess 
of 26,412 in such population, multiplied by 4.5. 
‘‘(4) S
TATES WITH AN EQUITY FACTOR GREAT -
ER THAN OR EQUAL TO .20.— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In States with an equity 
factor greater than or equal to .20, the weighted child counts referred to in para-graph (1) for a fiscal year shall be the larger of the 2 amounts determined under subpara-graphs (B) and (C). 
‘‘(B) B
Y PERCENTAGE OF CHILDREN .—The 
amount referred to in subparagraph (A) is de-termined by adding— 
‘‘(i) the number of children determined 
under section 1124(c) for that local edu-cational agency who constitute not more than 17.27 percent, inclusive, of the agency’s total population aged 5 to 17, inclusive, mul-tiplied by 1.0; 
‘‘(ii) the number of such children who con-
stitute more than 17.27 percent, but not more than 23.48 percent, of such population, multi-plied by 2.0; 
‘‘(iii) the number of such children who con-
stitute more than 23.48 percent, but not more than 29.11 percent, of such population, multi-plied by 4.0; 
‘‘(iv) the number of such children who con-
stitute more than 29.11 percent, but not more than 36.10 percent, of such population, multi-plied by 6.0; and 
‘‘(v) the number of such children who con-
stitute more than 36.10 percent of such popu-lation, multiplied by 8.0. 
‘‘(C) B
Y NUMBER OF CHILDREN .—The amount 
referred to in subparagraph (A) is determined by adding— 
‘‘(i) the number of children determined 
under section 1124(c) who constitute not more than 834, inclusive, of the agency’s total population aged 5 to 17, inclusive, mul-tiplied by 1.0; 
‘‘(ii) the number of such children between 
835 and 2,629, inclusive, in such population, multiplied by 2.0; 
‘‘(iii) the number of such children between 
2,630 and 7,668, inclusive, in such population, multiplied by 3.0; and 
‘‘(iv)(I) in the case of an agency that is not 
a high poverty percentage local educational agency, the number of such children in ex-cess of 7,668 in such population, multiplied by 3.0; or 
‘‘(II) in the case of a high poverty percent-
age local educational agency— 
‘‘(aa) the number of such children between 
7,669 and 26,412, inclusive, in such population, multiplied by 4.5; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.033 S14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5082 July 14, 2015 
‘‘(bb) the number of such children in excess 
of 26,412 in such population, multiplied by 6.0. 
‘‘(e) M
AINTENANCE OF EFFORT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State is entitled to re-
ceive its full allotment of funds under this section for any fiscal year if the Secretary finds that the State’s fiscal effort per stu-dent or the aggregate expenditures of the State with respect to the provision of free public education by the State for the pre-ceding fiscal year was not less than 90 per-cent of the fiscal effort or aggregate expendi-tures for the second preceding fiscal year, subject to the requirements of paragraph (2). 
‘‘(2) R
EDUCTION IN CASE OF FAILURE TO  
MEET .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall re-
duce the amount of the allotment of funds under this section in any fiscal year in the exact proportion by which a State fails to meet the requirement of paragraph (1) by falling below 90 percent of both the fiscal ef-fort per student and aggregate expenditures (using the measure most favorable to the State), if such State has also failed to meet such requirement (as determined using the measure most favorable to the State) for 1 or more of the 5 immediately preceding fiscal years. 
‘‘(B) S
PECIAL RULE .—No such lesser amount 
shall be used for computing the effort re-quired under paragraph (1) for subsequent years. 
‘‘(3) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive 
the requirements of this subsection if the Secretary determines that a waiver would be equitable due to— 
‘‘(A) exceptional or uncontrollable cir-
cumstances, such as a natural disaster or a change in the organizational structure of the State; or 
‘‘(B) a precipitous decline in the financial 
resources of the State. 
‘‘(f) A
DJUSTMENTS WHERE NECESSITATED BY  
APPROPRIATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—If the sums available 
under this section for any fiscal year are in-sufficient to pay the full amounts that all local educational agencies in States are eli-gible to receive under this section for such year, the Secretary shall ratably reduce the allocations to such local educational agen-cies, subject to paragraphs (2) and (3). 
‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL FUNDS .—If additional 
funds become available for making payments under this section for such fiscal year, allo-cations that were reduced under paragraph (1) shall be increased on the same basis as they were reduced. 
‘‘(3) H
OLD HARMLESS AMOUNTS .—Beginning 
with the second fiscal year for which amounts are appropriated to carry out this section, and if sufficient funds are available, the amount made available to each local educational agency under this section for a fiscal year shall be— 
‘‘(A) not less than 95 percent of the amount 
made available for the preceding fiscal year if the number of children counted under sec-tion 1124(c) is equal to or more than 30 per-cent of the total number of children aged 5 to 17 years, inclusive, in the local edu-cational agency; 
‘‘(B) not less than 90 percent of the amount 
made available for the preceding fiscal year if the percentage described in subparagraph (A) is less than 30 percent and equal to or more than 15 percent; and 
‘‘(C) not less than 85 percent of the amount 
made available for the preceding fiscal year if the percentage described in subparagraph (A) is less than 15 percent. 
‘‘(4) A
PPLICABILITY .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, the Secretary shall not take into consideration the hold-harm-less provisions of this subsection for any fis-cal year for purposes of calculating State or local allocations for the fiscal year under 
any program administered by the Secretary other than a program authorized under this part. 
‘‘(g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) H IGH POVERTY PERCENTAGE LOCAL EDU -
CATIONAL AGENCY .—The term ‘high poverty 
percentage local educational agency’ means a local educational agency for which the number of children determined under sub-section (b) for a fiscal year is 20 percent or more of the total population aged 5 to 17, in-clusive, of the local educational agency for such fiscal year. 
‘‘(2) S
TATE .—The term ‘State’ means each 
of the 50 States, the District of Columbia, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico.’’. 
SEC. 1011A. ADEQUACY OF FUNDING RULE. 
Section 1125AA(b) (20 U.S.C. 6336(b)) is 
amended by striking ‘‘section 1122(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1122(a)(1)’’. 
SEC. 1011B. EDUCATION FINANCE INCENTIVE 
GRANT PROGRAM. 
In section 1125A (20 U.S.C. 6337)— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘under 
subsection (f)’’ and inserting ‘‘under section 1002(a) and made available under section 1122(a)(1)’’; 
(2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘pursuant 
to subsection (f)’’ and inserting ‘‘made avail-able for this section under section 1122(a)(1)’’; 
(3) in subsection (c), by redesignating sub-
paragraphs (A) and (B) as paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively; 
(4) in subsection (d)(1)(A)(ii), by striking 
‘‘clause ‘‘(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘clause (i)’’; 
(5) by striking subsection (e) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(e) M
AINTENANCE OF EFFORT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State is entitled to re-
ceive its full allotment of funds under this section for any fiscal year if the Secretary finds that the State’s fiscal effort per stu-dent or the aggregate expenditures of the State with respect to the provision of free public education by the State for the pre-
ceding fiscal year was not less than 90 per-cent of the fiscal effort or aggregate expendi-tures for the second preceding fiscal year, subject to the requirements of paragraph (2). 
‘‘(2) R
EDUCTION IN CASE OF FAILURE TO  
MEET .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall re-
duce the amount of the allotment of funds under this section for any fiscal year in the exact proportion by which a State fails to meet the requirement of paragraph (1) by falling below 90 percent of both the fiscal ef-fort per student and aggregate expenditures (using the measure most favorable to the State), if such State has also failed to meet such requirement (as determined using the measure most favorable to the State) for 1 or more of the 5 immediately preceding fiscal years. 
‘‘(B) S
PECIAL RULE .—No such lesser amount 
shall be used for computing the effort re-quired under paragraph (1) for subsequent years. 
‘‘(3) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive 
the requirements of this subsection if the Secretary determines that a waiver would be equitable due to— 
‘‘(A) exceptional or uncontrollable cir-
cumstances, such as a natural disaster or a change in the organizational structure of the State; or 
‘‘(B) a precipitous decline in the financial 
resources of the State.’’; 
(6) by striking subsection (f); (7) by redesignating subsection (g) as sub-
section (f); and 
(8) in subsection (f), as redesignated by 
paragraph (7)— 
(A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘under 
this section’’ and inserting ‘‘to carry out this section’’; and (B) in subsection (f)(3), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘shall be’’ and inserting ‘‘shall be—’’. 
SEC. 1011C. SPECIAL ALLOCATION PROCEDURES. 
Section 1126 (20 U.S.C. 6338) is amended by 
striking ‘‘sections 1124, 1124A, 1125, and 1125A’’ each place the term appears and in-serting ‘‘sections 1123, 1124, 1124A, 1125, and 1125A’’. 
SA 2248. Mr. BURR (for himself and 
Mr. B ENNET ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER  
(for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, to reauthorize the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike sections 1009, 1010, and 1011 and in-
sert the following: 
1009. GRANTS FOR THE OUTLYING AREAS AND 
THE SECRETARY OF THE INTERIOR. 
Section 1121 (20 U.S.C. 6331) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), in the matter pre-
ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and 1125A(f)’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b)(3)(C)(ii), by striking 
‘‘challenging State academic content stand-ards’’ and inserting ‘‘challenging State aca-demic standards’’. 
SEC. 1010. ALLOCATIONS TO STATES. 
(a) A MENDMENTS .—Section 1122 (20 U.S.C. 
6332) is amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (a) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(a) A LLOCATION FORMULA .— 
‘‘(1) I NITIAL ALLOCATION .—For each of fiscal 
years 2016 through 2021 (referred to in this subsection as the ‘current fiscal year’), the Secretary shall allocate $14,500,000,000 of the amount appropriated under section 1002(a) to carry out this part (or, if the total amount appropriated for this part is equal to or less than $14,500,000,000, all of such amount) in ac-cordance with the following: 
‘‘(A) An amount equal to the amount made 
available to carry out section 1124 for fiscal year 2001 shall be allocated in accordance with section 1124. 
‘‘(B) An amount equal to the amount made 
available to carry out section 1124A for fiscal year 2001 shall be allocated in accordance with section 1124A. 
‘‘(C) An amount equal to 100 percent of the 
amount, if any, by which the amount made available under this paragraph for the cur-rent fiscal year for which the determination is made exceeds the amount available to carry out sections 1124 and 1124A for fiscal year 2001 shall be allocated in accordance with section 1125 and 1125A. 
‘‘(2) A
LLOCATIONS IN EXCESS OF  
$14,500,000,000.—For each of the current fiscal 
years for which the amounts appropriated under section 1002(a) to carry out this part exceed $14,500,000,000, an amount equal to such excess amount shall be allocated in ac-cordance with section 1123.’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘under this subpart’’ and in-
serting ‘‘under subsection (a)(1) for sections 1124, 1124A, 1125, and 1125A’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘and 1125’’ and inserting 
‘‘1125, and 1125A’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by inserting ‘‘under subsection (a)(1)’’ 
after ‘‘become available’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘and 1125’’ and inserting 
‘‘1125, and 1125A’’; 
(3) in subsection (c)(1), by inserting ‘‘and to 
the extent amounts under subsection (a)(1) are available’’ after ‘‘For each fiscal year’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.033 S14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5083 July 14, 2015 
(4) in subsection (d)(1), by striking ‘‘under 
this subpart’’ and inserting ‘‘under sub-section (a)(1) for sections 1124, 1124A, 1125, and 1125A’’. 
(b) P
OINT OF ORDER .— 
(1) I N THE SENATE .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—When the Senate is con-
sidering a bill or joint resolution making ap-propriations for a fiscal year, or an amend-ment thereto, amendment between the Houses in relation thereto, conference report thereon, or motion thereon, if a point of order is made by a Senator against a provi-sion that provides appropriations for part A of title I of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311 et seq.) in an amount greater than $14,500,000,000 for such year and does not appropriate funds for equity grants under section 1123 of such Act in accordance with section 1122(a)(2) of such Act, as amended by this Act, and the point of order is sustained by the Chair, that provi-sion shall be stricken from the measure and may not be offered as an amendment from the floor. 
(B) F
ORM OF THE POINT OF ORDER .—In the 
Senate, a point of order under subparagraph (A) may be raised by a Senator as provided in section 313(e) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 644(e)). 
(C) C
ONFERENCE REPORTS .—When the Sen-
ate is considering a conference report on, or an amendment between the Houses in rela-tion to, a bill or joint resolution, upon a point of order being made by any Senator pursuant to subparagraph (A), and such point of order being sustained, such material con-tained in such conference report or House amendment shall be stricken, and the Senate shall proceed to consider the question of whether the Senate shall recede from its amendment and concur with a further amendment, or concur in the House amend-ment with a further amendment, as the case may be, which further amendment shall con-sist of only that portion of the conference re-port or House amendment, as the case may be, not so stricken. Any such motion in the Senate shall be debatable. In any case in which such point of order is sustained against a conference report (or Senate amendment derived from such conference re-port by operation of this subsection), no fur-ther amendment shall be in order. 
(D) S
UPERMAJORITY WAIVER AND APPEAL .— 
In the Senate, this paragraph may be waived or suspended only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chose and sworn. An affirmative vote of three-fifths of Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under this paragraph. 
(2) I
N THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—A provision in a bill or 
joint resolution making appropriations for a fiscal year that provides appropriations for part A of title I of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311 et seq.) in an amount greater than $14,500,000,000 for such year and does not ap-propriate funds for equity grants under sec-tion 1123 of such Act in accordance with sec-tion 1122(a)(2) of such Act, as amended by this Act, shall not be in order in the House of Representatives. 
(B) A
MENDMENTS AND CONFERENCE RE -
PORTS .—It shall not be in order in the House 
of Representatives to consider an amend-ment to, or a conference report on, a bill or joint resolution making appropriations for a fiscal year if such amendment thereto or conference report thereon provides appro-priations for part A of title I of the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311 et seq.) in an amount greater than $14,500,000,000 for such year and does not appropriate funds for equity grants under section 1123 of such Act in accordance with 
section 1122(a)(2) of such Act, as amended by this Act. 
(3) E
XERCISE OF RULEMAKING POWERS .—Con-
gress adopts the provisions of this sub-section— 
(A) as an exercise of the rulemaking power 
of the Senate and the House of Representa-tives, respectively, and as such they shall be considered as part of the rules of each House or of that House to which they specifically apply, and such rules shall supersede other rules only to the extent that they are incon-sistent with such other rules; and 
(B) with full recognition of the constitu-
tional right of either the Senate or the House of Representatives to change those rules (insofar as they relate to that House) at any time, in the same manner, and to the same extent as is the case of any other rule of the Senate or House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1011. EQUITY GRANTS. 
Subpart 2 of part A of title I (20 U.S.C. 6331 
et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 1122 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1123. EQUITY GRANTS. 
‘‘(a) A UTHORIZATION .—From funds appro-
priated under section 1002(a) for a fiscal year and available for allocation pursuant to sec-tion 1122(a)(2), the Secretary is authorized to make grants to States, from allotments under subsection (b), to carry out the pro-grams and activities of this part. 
‘‘(b) D
ISTRIBUTION BASED UPONCONCENTRA -
TIONS OF POVERTY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraphs (B) and (C), funds appro-priated pursuant to subsection (a) for a fiscal year shall be allotted to each State based upon the number of children counted under section 1124(c) in such State multiplied by the product of— 
‘‘(i) 40 percent of the average per-pupil ex-
penditure in the United States (other than the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico); multi-plied by 
‘‘(ii) 1.30 minus such State’s equity factor 
described in paragraph (2). 
‘‘(B) P
UERTO RICO .—For each fiscal year, 
the Secretary shall allot to the Common-wealth of Puerto Rico an amount of the funds appropriated under subsection (a) that bears the same relation to the total amount of funds appropriated under such subsection as the amount that the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico received under this subpart for fiscal year 2015 bears to the total amount re-ceived by all States for such fiscal year. 
‘‘(C) S
TATE MINIMUM .—Notwithstanding 
any other provision of this section, from the total amount available for any fiscal year to carry out this section, each State (except for Puerto Rico) shall be allotted at least the lesser of— 
‘‘(i) 0.35 percent of the total amount avail-
able to carry out this section for such fiscal year; or 
‘‘(ii) the average of— ‘‘(I) 0.35 percent of such total amount for 
such fiscal year; and 
‘‘(II) 150 percent of the national average 
grant under this section per child described in section 1124(c), without application of a weighting factor, multiplied by the State’s total number of children described in section 1124(c), without application of a weighting factor. 
‘‘(2) E
QUITY FACTOR .— 
‘‘(A) D ETERMINATION .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (B), the Secretary shall deter-mine the equity factor under this section for each State in accordance with clause (ii). 
‘‘(ii) C
OMPUTATION .— 
‘‘(I) I N GENERAL .—For each State, the Sec-
retary shall compute a weighted coefficient of variation for the per-pupil expenditures of 
local educational agencies in accordance with subclauses (II), (III), and (IV). 
‘‘(II) V
ARIATION .—In computing coeffi-
cients of variation, the Secretary shall weigh the variation between per-pupil expenditures in each local educational agency and the av-erage per-pupil expenditures in the State ac-cording to the number of pupils served by the local educational agency. 
‘‘(III) N
UMBER OF PUPILS .—In determining 
the number of pupils under this paragraph served by each local educational agency and in each State, the Secretary shall multiply the number of children counted under sec-tion 1124(c) by a factor of 1.4. 
‘‘(IV) E
NROLLMENT REQUIREMENT .—In com-
puting coefficients of variation, the Sec-retary shall include only those local edu-cational agencies with an enrollment of more than 200 students. 
‘‘(B) S
PECIAL RULE .—The equity factor for 
a State that meets the disparity standard de-scribed in section 222.162 of title 34, Code of Federal Regulations (as such section was in effect on the day preceding the date of enact-ment of the No Child Left Behind Act of 2001) or a State with only one local educational agency shall be not greater than 0.10. 
‘‘(c) U
SE OF FUNDS ; ELIGIBILITY OF LOCAL  
EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES .—All funds awarded 
to each State under this section shall be al-located to local educational agencies under the following provisions: 
‘‘(1) D
ISTRIBUTION WITHIN LOCAL EDU -
CATIONAL AGENCIES .—Within local edu-
cational agencies, funds allocated under this section shall be distributed to schools on a basis consistent with section 1113, and may only be used to carry out activities under 
this part. 
‘‘(2) E
LIGIBILITY FOR GRANT .—A local edu-
cational agency in a State is eligible to re-ceive a grant under this section for any fis-cal year if— 
‘‘(A) the number of children in the local 
educational agency counted under section 1124(c), before application of the weighted child count described in subsection (d), is at least 10; and 
‘‘(B) if the number of children counted for 
grants under section 1124(c), before applica-tion of the weighted child count described in subsection (d), is at least 5 percent of the total number of children aged 5 to 17 years, inclusive, in the school district of the local educational agency. 
‘‘(d) A
LLOCATION OF FUNDS TO ELIGIBLE  
LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Funds received by States 
under this section for a fiscal year shall be allocated within States to eligible local edu-cational agencies on the basis of weighted child counts calculated in accordance with paragraph (2), (3), or (4), as appropriate for each State. 
‘‘(2) S
TATES WITH AN EQUITY FACTOR LESS  
THAN .10.— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In States with an equity 
factor less than .10, the weighted child counts referred to in paragraph (1) for a fis-cal year shall be the larger of the 2 amounts determined under subparagraphs (B) and (C). 
‘‘(B) B
Y PERCENTAGE OF CHILDREN .—The 
amount referred to in subparagraph (A) is de-termined by adding— 
‘‘(i) the number of children determined 
under section 1124(c) for that local edu-cational agency who constitute not more than 17.27 percent, inclusive, of the agency’s total population aged 5 to 17, inclusive, mul-tiplied by 1.0; 
‘‘(ii) the number of such children who con-
stitute more than 17.27 percent, but not more than 23.48 percent, of such population, multi-plied by 1.75; 
‘‘(iii) the number of such children who con-
stitute more than 23.48 percent, but not more 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.029 S14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5084 July 14, 2015 
than 29.11 percent, of such population, multi-
plied by 2.5; 
‘‘(iv) the number of such children who con-
stitute more than 29.11 percent, but not more than 36.10 percent, of such population, multi-plied by 3.25; and 
‘‘(v) the number of such children who con-
stitute more than 36.10 percent of such popu-lation, multiplied by 4.0. 
‘‘(C) B
Y NUMBER OF CHILDREN .—The amount 
referred to in subparagraph (A) is determined by adding— 
‘‘(i) the number of children determined 
under section 1124(c) who constitute not more than 834, inclusive, of the agency’s total population aged 5 to 17, inclusive, mul-tiplied by 1.0; 
‘‘(ii) the number of such children between 
835 and 2,629, inclusive, in such population, multiplied by 1.5; 
‘‘(iii) the number of such children between 
2,630 and 7,668, inclusive, in such population, multiplied by 2.0; and 
‘‘(iv)(I) in the case of an agency that is not 
a high poverty percentage local educational agency, the number of such children in ex-cess of 7,668 in such population, multiplied by 2.0; or 
‘‘(II) in the case of a high poverty percent-
age local educational agency— 
‘‘(aa) the number of such children between 
7,669 and 26,412, inclusive, in such population, multiplied by 2.5; and 
‘‘(bb) the number of such children in excess 
of 26,412 in such population, multiplied by 3.0. 
‘‘(3) S
TATES WITH AN EQUITY FACTOR GREAT -
ER THAN OR EQUAL TO .10 AND LESS THAN .20.— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In States with an equity 
factor greater than or equal to .10 and less than .20, the weighted child counts referred to in paragraph (1) for a fiscal year shall be the larger of the 2 amounts determined under subparagraphs (B) and (C). 
‘‘(B) B
Y PERCENTAGE OF CHILDREN .—The 
amount referred to in subparagraph (A) is de-termined by adding— 
‘‘(i) the number of children determined 
under section 1124(c) for that local edu-cational agency who constitute not more than 17.27 percent, inclusive, of the agency’s total population aged 5 to 17, inclusive, mul-tiplied by 1.0; 
‘‘(ii) the number of such children who con-
stitute more than 17.27 percent, but not more than 23.48 percent, of such population, multi-plied by 1.5; 
‘‘(iii) the number of such children who con-
stitute more than 23.48 percent, but not more than 29.11 percent, of such population, multi-plied by 3.0; 
‘‘(iv) the number of such children who con-
stitute more than 29.11 percent, but not more than 36.10 percent, of such population, multi-plied by 4.5; and 
‘‘(v) the number of such children who con-
stitute more than 36.10 percent of such popu-lation, multiplied by 6.0. 
‘‘(C) B
Y NUMBER OF CHILDREN .—The amount 
referred to in subparagraph (A) is determined by adding— 
‘‘(i) the number of children determined 
under section 1124(c) who constitute not more than 834, inclusive, of the agency’s total population aged 5 to 17, inclusive, mul-tiplied by 1.0; 
‘‘(ii) the number of such children between 
835 and 2,629, inclusive, in such population, multiplied by 1.5; 
‘‘(iii) the number of such children between 
2,630 and 7,668, inclusive, in such population, multiplied by 2.25; and 
‘‘(iv)(I) in the case of an agency that is not 
a high poverty percentage local educational agency, the number of such children in ex-cess of 7,668 in such population, multiplied by 2.25; or ‘‘(II) in the case of a high poverty percent-
age local educational agency— 
‘‘(aa) the number of such children between 
7,669 and 26,412, inclusive, in such population, multiplied by 3.375; and 
‘‘(bb) the number of such children in excess 
of 26,412 in such population, multiplied by 4.5. 
‘‘(4) S
TATES WITH AN EQUITY FACTOR GREAT -
ER THAN OR EQUAL TO .20.— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In States with an equity 
factor greater than or equal to .20, the weighted child counts referred to in para-graph (1) for a fiscal year shall be the larger of the 2 amounts determined under subpara-graphs (B) and (C). 
‘‘(B) B
Y PERCENTAGE OF CHILDREN .—The 
amount referred to in subparagraph (A) is de-termined by adding— 
‘‘(i) the number of children determined 
under section 1124(c) for that local edu-cational agency who constitute not more than 17.27 percent, inclusive, of the agency’s total population aged 5 to 17, inclusive, mul-tiplied by 1.0; 
‘‘(ii) the number of such children who con-
stitute more than 17.27 percent, but not more than 23.48 percent, of such population, multi-plied by 2.0; 
‘‘(iii) the number of such children who con-
stitute more than 23.48 percent, but not more than 29.11 percent, of such population, multi-plied by 4.0; 
‘‘(iv) the number of such children who con-
stitute more than 29.11 percent, but not more than 36.10 percent, of such population, multi-plied by 6.0; and 
‘‘(v) the number of such children who con-
stitute more than 36.10 percent of such popu-lation, multiplied by 8.0. 
‘‘(C) B
Y NUMBER OF CHILDREN .—The amount 
referred to in subparagraph (A) is determined by adding— 
‘‘(i) the number of children determined 
under section 1124(c) who constitute not more than 834, inclusive, of the agency’s total population aged 5 to 17, inclusive, mul-tiplied by 1.0; 
‘‘(ii) the number of such children between 
835 and 2,629, inclusive, in such population, multiplied by 2.0; 
‘‘(iii) the number of such children between 
2,630 and 7,668, inclusive, in such population, 
multiplied by 3.0; and 
‘‘(iv)(I) in the case of an agency that is not 
a high poverty percentage local educational agency, the number of such children in ex-cess of 7,668 in such population, multiplied by 3.0; or 
‘‘(II) in the case of a high poverty percent-
age local educational agency— 
‘‘(aa) the number of such children between 
7,669 and 26,412, inclusive, in such population, multiplied by 4.5; and 
‘‘(bb) the number of such children in excess 
of 26,412 in such population, multiplied by 6.0. 
‘‘(e) M
AINTENANCE OF EFFORT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State is entitled to re-
ceive its full allotment of funds under this section for any fiscal year if the Secretary finds that the State’s fiscal effort per stu-dent or the aggregate expenditures of the State with respect to the provision of free public education by the State for the pre-ceding fiscal year was not less than 90 per-cent of the fiscal effort or aggregate expendi-tures for the second preceding fiscal year, subject to the requirements of paragraph (2). 
‘‘(2) R
EDUCTION IN CASE OF FAILURE TO  
MEET .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall re-
duce the amount of the allotment of funds under this section in any fiscal year in the exact proportion by which a State fails to meet the requirement of paragraph (1) by falling below 90 percent of both the fiscal ef-fort per student and aggregate expenditures (using the measure most favorable to the 
State), if such State has also failed to meet such requirement (as determined using the measure most favorable to the State) for 1 or more of the 5 immediately preceding fiscal years. 
‘‘(B) S
PECIAL RULE .—No such lesser amount 
shall be used for computing the effort re-quired under paragraph (1) for subsequent years. 
‘‘(3) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive 
the requirements of this subsection if the Secretary determines that a waiver would be equitable due to— 
‘‘(A) exceptional or uncontrollable cir-
cumstances, such as a natural disaster or a change in the organizational structure of the State; or 
‘‘(B) a precipitous decline in the financial 
resources of the State. 
‘‘(f) A
DJUSTMENTS WHERE NECESSITATED BY  
APPROPRIATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—If the sums available 
under this section for any fiscal year are in-sufficient to pay the full amounts that all local educational agencies in States are eli-gible to receive under this section for such year, the Secretary shall ratably reduce the allocations to such local educational agen-cies, subject to paragraphs (2) and (3). 
‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL FUNDS .—If additional 
funds become available for making payments under this section for such fiscal year, allo-cations that were reduced under paragraph (1) shall be increased on the same basis as they were reduced. 
‘‘(3) H
OLD HARMLESS AMOUNTS .—Beginning 
with the second fiscal year for which amounts are appropriated to carry out this 
section, and if sufficient funds are available, the amount made available to each local educational agency under this section for a fiscal year shall be— 
‘‘(A) not less than 95 percent of the amount 
made available for the preceding fiscal year if the number of children counted under sec-tion 1124(c) is equal to or more than 30 per-cent of the total number of children aged 5 to 17 years, inclusive, in the local edu-cational agency; 
‘‘(B) not less than 90 percent of the amount 
made available for the preceding fiscal year if the percentage described in subparagraph (A) is less than 30 percent and equal to or more than 15 percent; and 
‘‘(C) not less than 85 percent of the amount 
made available for the preceding fiscal year if the percentage described in subparagraph (A) is less than 15 percent. 
‘‘(4) A
PPLICABILITY .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, the Secretary shall not take into consideration the hold-harm-less provisions of this subsection for any fis-cal year for purposes of calculating State or local allocations for the fiscal year under any program administered by the Secretary other than a program authorized under this part. 
‘‘(g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) H IGH POVERTY PERCENTAGE LOCAL EDU -
CATIONAL AGENCY .—The term ‘high poverty 
percentage local educational agency’ means a local educational agency for which the number of children determined under sub-section (b) for a fiscal year is 20 percent or more of the total population aged 5 to 17, in-clusive, of the local educational agency for such fiscal year. 
‘‘(2) S
TATE .—The term ‘State’ means each 
of the 50 States, the District of Columbia, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico.’’. 
SEC. 1011A. ADEQUACY OF FUNDING RULE. 
Section 1125AA(b) (20 U.S.C. 6336(b)) is 
amended by striking ‘‘section 1122(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1122(a)(1)’’. 
SEC. 1011B. EDUCATION FINANCE INCENTIVE 
GRANT PROGRAM. 
In section 1125A (20 U.S.C. 6337)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.029 S14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5085 July 14, 2015 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘under 
subsection (f)’’ and inserting ‘‘under section 1002(a) and made available under section 1122(a)(1)’’; 
(2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘pursuant 
to subsection (f)’’ and inserting ‘‘made avail-able for this section under section 1122(a)(1)’’; 
(3) in subsection (c), by redesignating sub-
paragraphs (A) and (B) as paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively; 
(4) in subsection (d)(1)(A)(ii), by striking 
‘‘clause ‘‘(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘clause (i)’’; 
(5) by striking subsection (e) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(e) M
AINTENANCE OF EFFORT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State is entitled to re-
ceive its full allotment of funds under this section for any fiscal year if the Secretary finds that the State’s fiscal effort per stu-dent or the aggregate expenditures of the State with respect to the provision of free public education by the State for the pre-ceding fiscal year was not less than 90 per-cent of the fiscal effort or aggregate expendi-tures for the second preceding fiscal year, subject to the requirements of paragraph (2). 
‘‘(2) R
EDUCTION IN CASE OF FAILURE TO  
MEET .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall re-
duce the amount of the allotment of funds under this section for any fiscal year in the exact proportion by which a State fails to meet the requirement of paragraph (1) by falling below 90 percent of both the fiscal ef-fort per student and aggregate expenditures (using the measure most favorable to the State), if such State has also failed to meet such requirement (as determined using the measure most favorable to the State) for 1 or more of the 5 immediately preceding fiscal years. 
‘‘(B) S
PECIAL RULE .—No such lesser amount 
shall be used for computing the effort re-quired under paragraph (1) for subsequent years. 
‘‘(3) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive 
the requirements of this subsection if the Secretary determines that a waiver would be equitable due to— 
‘‘(A) exceptional or uncontrollable cir-
cumstances, such as a natural disaster or a change in the organizational structure of the State; or 
‘‘(B) a precipitous decline in the financial 
resources of the State.’’; 
(6) by striking subsection (f); (7) by redesignating subsection (g) as sub-
section (f); and 
(8) in subsection (f), as redesignated by 
paragraph (7)— 
(A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘under 
this section’’ and inserting ‘‘to carry out this section’’; and 
(B) in subsection (f)(3), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘shall be’’ and inserting ‘‘shall be—’’. 
SEC. 1011C. SPECIAL ALLOCATION PROCEDURES. 
Section 1126 (20 U.S.C. 6338) is amended by 
striking ‘‘sections 1124, 1124A, 1125, and 1125A’’ each place the term appears and in-serting ‘‘sections 1123, 1124, 1124A, 1125, and 1125A’’. 
SA 2249. Ms. WARREN (for herself, 
Mr. G ARDNER , and Ms. H IRONO ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 sub-mitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself 
and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the bill S. 1177, to 
reauthorize the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 73, line 12, strike the period at the 
end and insert the following: ‘‘; and ‘‘(N) the State educational agency will pro-
vide the information described in clauses (ii), (iii), and (iv) of subsection (d)(1)(C) to the public in an easily accessible and user- friendly manner that can be cross-tabulated by, at a minimum, each major racial and ethnic group, gender, English proficiency, and students with or without disabilities, which— 
‘‘(i) may be accomplished by including 
such information on the annual State report card described subsection (d)(1)(C)); and 
‘‘(ii) shall be presented in a manner that— ‘‘(I) is first anonymized and does not reveal 
personally identifiable information about an individual student; 
‘‘(II) does not include a number of students 
in any category of students that is insuffi-cient to yield statistically reliable informa-tion or that would reveal personally identifi-able information about an individual stu-dent; and 
‘‘(III) is consistent with the requirements 
of section 444 of the General Education Pro-visions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g, commonly known as the ‘Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974’). 
‘‘(3) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
paragraph (2)(N) shall be construed to— 
‘‘(A) require groups of students obtained by 
any entity that cross-tabulates the informa-tion provided under such paragraph to be considered categories of students under sub-section (b)(3)(A) for the purposes of the State accountability system under subsection (b)(3); or 
‘‘(B) to prohibit States from publicly re-
porting data in a cross-tabulated manner, in order to meet the requirements of paragraph (2)(N). 
‘‘(4) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—Upon request 
by a State educational agency, the Secretary shall provide technical assistance to such agency in order to meet the requirements of paragraph (2)(N). 
On page 189, after line 23, insert the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(5) Designing the report cards and reports 
under section 1111(d) in an easily accessible, user-friendly manner that cross-tabulates student information by any category the State determines appropriate, as long as such cross-tabulation— 
‘‘(A) does not reveal personally identifiable 
information about an individual student; and 
‘‘(B) is derived from existing State and 
local reporting requirements and data sources. 
‘‘(b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
paragraph (5) shall be construed as author-
izing, requiring, or allowing any additional reporting requirements, data elements, or in-formation to be reported to the Secretary not otherwise explicitly authorized under this Act. 
SA 2250. Mr. BENNET (for himself 
and Mr. C ARPER ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 336, between lines 4 and 5, insert 
the following: 
‘‘PART C—TEACHER, TEACHER LEADER, 
PRINCIPAL, OR OTHER SCHOOL LEADER PATHWAYS 
‘‘SEC. 2251. PROGRAM AUTHORIZED. 
‘‘From the funds made available under sec-
tion 2256(a) and not reserved under section 2256(b) for each fiscal year, the Secretary is authorized to award grants, on a competitive 
basis, to eligible entities to enable such eli-gible entities to create or expand evidence- based programs that provide pathways into teaching, teacher leadership, and school ad-ministration that employ innovative ap-proaches to recruitment, competitive selec-tion, preparation, and placement of new teachers, teacher leaders, principals, and other school leaders to teach or lead in and meet the specific needs of local educational agencies with a high share of high-need schools. 
‘‘SEC. 2252. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this part: 
‘‘(1) E LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible 
entity’ means— 
‘‘(A) one or more institutions of higher 
education or nonprofit organizations with a demonstrated record of— 
‘‘(i) preparing teachers, principals, or other 
school leaders who meet a high standard of performance in the classroom, including by increasing student learning; and 
‘‘(ii) placing a significant percentage of 
those teachers, principals, or other school leaders in high-need schools, including in low-performing high-need schools, and, as appropriate within those schools, in high- need fields, subjects, or geographic areas; or 
‘‘(B) a high-need local educational agency 
or consortium of such agencies that has— 
‘‘(i) a demonstrated record of preparing 
teachers, principals, or other school leaders who meet a high standard of performance, including by increasing student learning; or 
‘‘(ii) a promising new preparation model 
that meets the description of evidence-based under subclause (I) or (II) of section 9101(23)(A)(i). 
‘‘(2) G
RADUATE .—The terms ‘program grad-
uates’, ‘graduates’, and ‘graduate’ may in-clude program participants who are teachers of record, principals, or other school leaders. 
‘‘SEC. 2253. APPLICATIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—An eligible entity that 
desires a grant under this part shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such infor-mation and assurances as the Secretary may reasonably require. 
‘‘(b) C
ONTENTS .—Each application shall— 
‘‘(1) describe how the eligible entity will 
implement an evidence-based teacher, prin-cipal, or other school leader preparation pro-gram that prepares teachers, principals, or other school leaders to meet a high standard of performance in the classroom or school, including by increasing student learning, and shall include a description of how the el-igible entity will— 
‘‘(A) recruit and competitively select can-
didates, especially from underrepresented groups, with high potential to be effective teachers, principals, or other school leaders in high-need schools; 
‘‘(B) prepare candidates to meet the spe-
cific needs of high-need schools and, as ap-propriate within those schools, to teach or lead in high-need fields or subjects, or across the entire school, including providing sus-tained, rigorous, high-quality school-based clinical preparation and on-the-job support; and 
‘‘(C) determine if an individual partici-
pating in the program is attaining, or has at-tained, the competencies needed to complete the training and succeed in the classroom or school, and ensure a high standard for exit from the program while providing counseling to individuals who have not attained those competencies needed to complete the train-ing; 
‘‘(2) identify local educational agencies to 
be served under the grant and describe how the eligibly entity determined the educator quality needs of each local educational agen-cy and how the activities to be conducted 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.029 S14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5086 July 14, 2015 
under the grant program will meet such 
needs; 
‘‘(3) identify any partners that will be in-
volved in developing or implementing projects under the grant and the role of those partners in implementing the program, including any partner that will provide training to prospective teachers, principals, or other school leaders; 
‘‘(4) if applying to expand an existing prep-
aration model by an experienced provider to more candidates or to a new geographic area, provide data about the eligible entity’s record of producing teachers, principals, or other school leaders who— 
‘‘(A) have been hired to teach or lead in 
high-need schools; 
‘‘(B) meet a high standard of performance 
in classrooms or in school administration, including increasing student learning; and 
‘‘(C) have high early career retention rates 
in high-need schools; 
‘‘(5) describe how the eligible entity will 
maintain a system to track and report on the success of program graduates based on multiple measures, including if applicable, as appropriate, and if feasible— 
‘‘(A) the percentage of graduates who are 
effective under a State evaluation system, or if the eligible entity operates in a State that has no State evaluation system, a local edu-cational agency evaluation system, that uses multiple measures of educator performance, including student learning and growth, and provides clear, timely, and useful feedback that identifies needs and guides professional development; 
‘‘(B) student learning, including growth of 
students taught or lead by the graduate; 
‘‘(C) the percentage of program partici-
pants who become teachers, principals, or other school leaders in a high-need or low- performing school; 
‘‘(D) the percentage of graduates who re-
main in high-need schools for 3 years or more; 
‘‘(E) graduate and supervisor feedback; and ‘‘(F) certification pass rate; and ‘‘(6) describe how the eligible entity will 
maintain specialized accreditation or dem-onstrate that graduates have content and pedagogical knowledge and high-quality clinical preparation, and have met rigorous exit requirements. 
‘‘(c) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under 
this part,— 
‘‘(1) the Secretary shall give priority to an 
applicant that includes an entity that will implement or expand a preparation program or activities in a program that has strong or moderate evidence; and 
‘‘(2) the Secretary may give priority to an 
application that includes an eligible entity that will rigorously evaluate the program and activities funded by the grant in a man-ner that will help further build the evidence base in the field relevant to this part. 
‘‘SEC. 2254. SELECTION CRITERIA. 
‘‘In awarding grants under this part, the 
Secretary— 
‘‘(1) shall consider— ‘‘(A) the proposed program’s level of evi-
dence; and 
‘‘(B) the extent to which an eligible entity 
will— 
‘‘(i) rigorously evaluate the programs and 
activities funded by the grant in a manner that will help further build the evidence base in the field relevant to this part; 
‘‘(ii) comprehensively track and report on 
the effectiveness of program graduates based on multiple measures, including performance at the classroom or school level, placement and retention in high-need schools, or other indicators of teacher, principal, or other school leader quality, and use data to con-tinuously improve the program; ‘‘(iii) prepare prospective teachers, prin-
cipals, or other school leaders to meet spe-cific local educational agency needs in high- need and low-performing schools; 
‘‘(iv) if applicable, prepare prospective 
teachers to teach in high-need fields or sub-jects within high-need schools; 
‘‘(v) ensure a high standard for entry to 
and exit from the program; and 
‘‘(vi) align the coursework and clinical 
preparation provided to prospective teach-ers, principals, or other school leaders being prepared under the grant, as appropriate, with the content areas the individuals will be teaching or leading, the school environ-ment in which the individuals will be work-ing (including significant special populations the individuals may be working with), and the instructional activities the individuals will be expected to perform or lead; and 
‘‘(2) may consider the extent to which an 
eligible entity— 
‘‘(A) allows prospective teachers, prin-
cipals, or other school leaders being prepared under the grant to demonstrate competency on subject-matter tests; 
‘‘(B) recruits, competitively selects, and 
prepares veterans of the Armed Forces (in-cluding those recently separated from mili-tary service) or candidates from underrep-resented groups who— 
‘‘(i) have strong potential to be effective 
educators in high-need schools; and 
‘‘(ii) are interested in beginning a career as 
a teacher, principal, or other school leader; or 
‘‘(C) will provide a teacher residency pro-
gram or a school leader residency program. 
‘‘SEC. 2255. USES OF FUNDS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—A recipient of a grant 
under this part may use grant funds to carry out evidence-based teacher, principal, or other school leader preparation programs that prepare teachers, principals, or other school leaders to meet a high standard of performance in the classroom or school, in-cluding by increasing student learning, and to teach and lead in high-need schools, which may include activities to— 
‘‘(1) rigorously recruit and competitively 
select candidates with the strongest poten-tial to be effective educators in high-need schools, especially from underrepresented groups; 
‘‘(2) provide robust, continuous, and high- 
quality school-based clinical experiences, which may include teacher residency pro-grams or school leader residency programs; 
‘‘(3) develop program participants’ ability 
to analyze quantitative and qualitative stu-dent data to inform planning, instructional decisions, and professional development; 
‘‘(4) train candidates to implement person-
alized learning environments, tools, re-sources, and activities, including through the effective use of educational technology; 
‘‘(5) prepare teachers in classroom manage-
ment, instructional planning and delivery, subject matter, and teaching skills; 
‘‘(6) place candidates who are prepared to 
immediately meet a high standard of per-formance on the job in teaching or leader-ship positions in high-need schools and class-rooms; 
‘‘(7) provide induction, mentoring, and sup-
port programs for early career program grad-uates; 
‘‘(8) train teacher, principal, or other 
school leader candidates on how to effec-tively communicate and engage with par-ents, relatives, and other family members to improve student outcomes; and 
‘‘(9) provide training and compensation for 
staff in schools that are used for a proposed clinical portion of the preparation program, as well as the development of curriculum and training materials for such staff. ‘‘(b) S
TIPENDS , SERVICE , W AIVER , REPAY -
MENT .— 
‘‘(1) A grantee may use a portion of its 
grant funds under this part to provide a sti-pend and other support services for prospec-tive teachers, teacher leaders, principals, or other school leaders selected for programs under the grant. 
‘‘(2) Where applicable, the grantee shall es-
tablish such rules for length of service, waiv-er of service, repayment requirements, and amount of stipends, for Federal funds used under this part for stipends and other sup-port services for prospective teachers, teach-er leaders, principals, or other school leaders selected for programs under the grant, as the Secretary deems appropriate. A grantee shall use any repayment recovered under those rules to carry out additional activities that are consistent with the purpose of this part. 
‘‘SEC. 2256. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—For the purposes of car-
rying out this part, there are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be nec-essary for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
‘‘(b) R
ESERVATION .—From the funds made 
available under subsection (a) for any fiscal year, the Secretary may reserve not more than 5 percent for national leadership activi-ties, including— 
‘‘(1) technical assistance to grantees; and ‘‘(2) evaluation of the effectiveness of the 
program assisted under this part, which shall be conducted by a third party or by the Insti-tute of Education Sciences.’’. 
SA 2251. Mr. BENNET submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 367, by striking ‘‘using’’ on line 9 
and all that follows through line 23 and in-serting ‘‘by calculating— 
‘‘(i) the sum of— ‘‘(I) 75 percent of the number of individuals 
age 5 to 21 who speak English less than very well in the State, as determined from 3 year estimates through data available from the American Community Survey conducted by the Department of Commerce; and 
‘‘(II) 25 percent of the number of students 
who are determined not to be English pro-ficient on the basis of the State’s English language proficiency assessment under sec-tion 1111(b)(2)(G) (which may be multiyear estimates); or 
‘‘(ii) another combination of the data de-
rived from the sources described in sub-clauses (I) and (II) of clause (i), except that such combination of data shall include not less than 25 percent of the number of stu-dents described in clause (i)(II); 
SA 2252. Mr. BENNET submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 746, between lines 2 and 3, insert 
the following: 
(ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking clause 
(iv) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(iv)(I) In the case of a local educational 
agency that has a total student enrollment 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.030 S14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5087 July 14, 2015 
of fewer than 1,000 students and that has a 
per-pupil expenditure that is less than the average per-pupil expenditure of the State in which the agency is located or less than the average per-pupil expenditure of all the States, the total percentage used to cal-culate threshold payments under clause (i) shall not be less than 40 percent. 
‘‘(II) In the case of a local educational 
agency that, on the date of enactment of the Every Child Achieves Act of 2015, met the de-scription in subclause (I) and whose total student enrollment increases for a subse-quent year to— 
‘‘(aa) more than 999 but not more than 1,100 
students, the total percentage used to cal-culate threshold payments under clause (i) shall not be less than 30 percent, unless such local educational agency would receive a larger payment under subsection (e); or 
‘‘(bb) more than 1,100 but not more than 
1,200 students, the total percentage used to calculate threshold payments under clause (i) shall not be less than 20 percent, unless such local educational agency would receive a larger payment under subsection (e).’’; 
SA 2253. Mr. BENNET submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 146, line 12, after 
‘‘1111(b)(3)(B)(iii)’’ insert ‘‘which shall in-clude identification of the lowest-performing public schools that receive funds under this part in the State based on the method de-scribed in section 1111(b)(3)(B)(iii), which shall include at least 5 percent of all the State’s public schools that receive funds under this part’’. 
SA 2254. Mr. KING (for himself and 
Mrs. C APITO ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER  
(for himself and Mrs. M URRAY ) to the 
bill S. 1177, to reauthorize the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 587, strike line 15 and 
all that follows through page 588, line 10, and insert the following: 
‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE TECHNOLOGY .—The term ‘eli-
gible technology’ means modern computer, and communication technology software, services, or tools, including computer or mo-bile devices (which may include any service or device that provides Internet access out-side of the school day), software applica-tions, systems and platforms, and digital learning content, and related services and supports. 
‘‘(3) T
ECHNOLOGY READINESS SURVEY .—The 
term ‘technology readiness survey’ means a survey completed by a local educational agency that provides standardized informa-tion on the quantity and types of technology infrastructure and access available to the students and in the community served by the 
local educational agency, including com-puter devices, access to school libraries, Internet connectivity (including Internet ac-cess outside of the school day), operating systems, related network infrastructure, data systems, educator professional learning needs and priorities, and data security. 
‘‘(4) U
NIVERSAL DESIGN FOR LEARNING .—The 
term ‘universal design for learning’ has the meaning given the term in section 103 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1003). 
‘‘SEC. 5702A. RESTRICTION. 
‘‘Funds awarded under this part shall not 
be used to address the networking needs of an entity that is eligible to receive support under the E-rate program. 
SA 2255. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 2089 submitted by Mr. A
LEXANDER (for himself and Mrs. M UR-
RAY) to the bill S. 1177, to reauthorize 
the Elementary and Secondary Edu-
cation Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 228, strike line 21 and 
all that follows through page 230, line 19, and insert the following: 
‘‘(a) S
TATE ALLOCATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subsection (b) and paragraph (2), each State (other than the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico) is entitled to receive under this part for a fiscal year an amount equal to— 
‘‘(A) the sum of ‘‘(i) the average number of identified eligi-
ble migratory children, aged 3 through 21, re-siding in the State, based on data for the preceding 3 fiscal years; and 
‘‘(ii) the number of identified eligible mi-
gratory children, aged 3 through 21, who re-ceived services under this part in summer or intersession programs provided by the State during the previous fiscal year; multiplied by 
‘‘(B) 40 percent of the average per-pupil ex-
penditure in the State, except that the amount calculated under this paragraph shall not be less than 32 percent, nor more than 48 percent, of the average per-pupil ex-penditure in the United States. 
‘‘(2) H
OLD HARMLESS .—Notwithstanding 
paragraph (1), for each of fiscal years 2016, 2017, and 2018, no State shall receive under this part less than 90 percent of the amount such State received under this part for the previous fiscal year.’’; 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on July 14, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and 
Transportation be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on July 14, 2015 at 10 a.m., in room SR–253 of the Russell Senate Office Building to conduct a subcommittee hearing enti-tled ‘‘Unlocking the Cures for Amer-ica’s Most Deadly Diseases.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMERCE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Re-sources be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on July 14, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–366 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS AND  
ENTREPRENEURSHIP  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship be authorized to meet dur-ing the session of the Senate on July 14, 2015, at 2:30 p.m. in room 428A of the Russell Senate Office Building to con-duct a hearing entitled ‘‘Challenges and Opportunities for Small Businesses Engaged in Energy Development and Energy Intensive Manufacturing.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Select Committee on Intelligence be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on July 14, 2015, at 2:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR 
Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that Lindsay Owens from my staff be given privi-leges for the remainder of the 114th Congress. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the fol-lowing individuals who are interns on my staff for this summer be given privileges of the floor: Steven Murphy, Gwen Ranniger, Christian Escalante, Alexander Wong, Cassandra Adams, Taylor Sheldon, Max Blust, Kellie Chong, Malia Walters, and Kaitlin Bowers. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.030 S14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5088 July 14, 2015 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
NOMINATION OF ROMONIA S. 
DIXON TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE CORPORATION FOR NATIONAL AND COMMUNITY SERVICE 
NOMINATION OF VICTORIA ANN 
HUGHES TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE CORPORATION FOR NA-TIONAL AND COMMUNITY SERV-ICE 
NOMINATION OF RICHARD 
CHRISTMAN TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE CORPORATION FOR NA-TIONAL AND COMMUNITY SERV-ICE 
NOMINATION OF ERIC P. LIU TO 
BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE COR-PORATION FOR NATIONAL AND COMMUNITY SERVICE 
NOMINATION OF DEAN A. REUTER 
TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE CORPORATION FOR NATIONAL AND COMMUNITY SERVICE 
NOMINATION OF SHAMINA SINGH 
TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE CORPORATION FOR NATIONAL AND COMMUNITY SERVICE 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to executive session to con-sider the following nominations en bloc: Calendar Nos. 133, 134, 135, 206, 207, and 208; that the Senate proceed to vote without intervening action or de-bate; that the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate; that no further motions be in order to the nominations; that any statements related to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD ; that the 
President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action, and the Senate then resume legislative session. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report the nomina-
tions. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read the nominations of Romonia S. Dixon, of Arizona, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Corpora-tion for National and Community Serv-ice for a term expiring October 6, 2018; Victoria Ann Hughes, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Corporation for National and Com-munity Service for a term expiring Oc-tober 6, 2016; Richard Christman, of Kentucky, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Corporation for Na-
tional and Community Service for a term expiring October 6, 2017; Eric P. Liu, of Washington, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Corpora-tion for National and Community Serv-ice for a term expiring December 27, 2017; Dean A. Reuter, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Corporation for National and Com-munity Service for a term expiring September 14, 2016; and Shamina Singh, of New York, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Corporation for National and Community Service for a term expiring October 6, 2019. 
VOTE ON DIXON NOMINATION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the nomination of Romonia S. Dixon, of Arizona, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Corpora-tion for National and Community Serv-ice for a term expiring October 6, 2018? 
The nomination was confirmed. 
VOTE ON HUGHES NOMINATION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the nomination of Victoria Ann Hughes, of Virginia, to be a Mem-ber of the Board of Directors of the Corporation for National and Commu-nity Service for a term expiring Octo-ber 6, 2016? 
The nomination was confirmed. 
VOTE ON CHRISTMAN NOMINATION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the nomination of Richard 
Christman, of Kentucky, to be a Mem-ber of the Board of Directors of the Corporation for National and Commu-nity Service for a term expiring Octo-ber 6, 2017? 
The nomination was confirmed. 
VOTE ON LIU NOMINATION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the nomination of Eric P. Liu, of Washington, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Corpora-tion for National and Community Serv-ice for a term expiring December 27, 2017? 
The nomination was confirmed. 
VOTE ON REUTER NOMINATION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the nomination of Dean A. Reuter, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Corpora-tion for National and Community Serv-ice for a term expiring September 14, 2016? 
The nomination was confirmed. 
VOTE ON SINGH NOMINATION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the nomination of Shamina Singh, of New York, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Corpora-tion for National and Community Serv-ice for a term expiring October 6, 2019? 
The nomination was confirmed. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate will now resume legislative session. The Senator from Tennessee. 
f 
SYRIAN WAR CRIMES 
ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 2015 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of Cal-endar No. 117, S. 756. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 756) to require a report on ac-
countability for war crimes and crimes against humanity in Syria. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. I further ask 
unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The bill (S. 756) was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 756 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Syrian War 
Crimes Accountability Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress makes the following findings: (1) March 2015 marks the fourth year of the 
ongoing conflict in Syria. 
(2) On December 17, 2014, the United Na-
tions Security Council unanimously adopted Resolution 2191 ‘‘expressing outrage at the unacceptable and escalating level of violence and the killing of more than 191,000 people, including well over 10,000 children’’ and ap-proximately 1,000,000 injured in Syria. 
(3) More than half of Syria’s population is 
displaced as of March 2015, with more than 7,600,000 internally displaced and more than 3,700,000 refugees in neighboring countries. 
(4) On February 19, 2015, United Nations 
Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon reported to the Security Council that ‘‘parties to the conflict are failing to live up to their inter-national legal obligations to protect civil-ians’’ and called for action to ensure the un-fettered delivery of humanitarian relief, an end to the use of denial of services as a weap-on of war, and a response to ‘‘the relentless and indiscriminate attacks on civilians, in-cluding through the use of barrel bombs’’. 
(5) On February 27, 2014, the Department of 
State issued its 2013 Human Rights Report on Syria, which described President Bashar al Assad’s use of ‘‘indiscriminate and deadly force’’ in the conflict, including the August 21, 2013, use of ‘‘sarin gas and artillery to tar-get East Ghouta and Moadamiya al-Sham, suburbs of Damascus, which killed over 1,000 people’’. 
(6) The 2014 United States Commission on 
International Religious Freedom Annual Re-port states that in Syria ‘‘terrorist organiza-tions espouse violence and the creation of an Islamic state with no space for religious di-versity and have carried out religiously-mo-tivated attacks and massacres against Alawite, Shi’a and Christian civilians.’’ 
(7) On February 4, 2015, the Executive 
Council of the Organization for the Prohibi-tion of Chemical Weapons (OPCW) adopted a decision expressing serious concern about the findings ‘‘with a high degree of con-fidence’’ of an OPCW fact-finding mission 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.074 S14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5089 July 14, 2015 
that chlorine had been used as a weapon in 
some areas of Syria in 2014 and calling for those individuals responsible to be held ac-countable. 
(8) The United Nations Independent Inter-
national Commission of Inquiry on the Syr-ian Arab Republic reports that pro-govern-ment forces have conducted attacks on Syr-ian civilian populations, and have utilized murder, torture, assault, and rape as war tactics. Anti-government groups have also committed murder and torture, engaged in hostage-taking, attacked protected objects, and shelled civilian neighborhoods. The Commission’s February 2015 report states that Syria’s civil war ‘‘has been character-ized by massive, recurrent violations of human rights and international humani-tarian law that demand urgent international and national action’’. 
(9) On March 12, 2015, Physicians for 
Human Rights (PHR) reported that since 2011, at least 610 medical personnel have been killed and there have been 233 deliberate or indiscriminate attacks on 183 medical facili-ties in Syria. The Physicians for Human Rights report cited evidence that the Gov-ernment of Syria committed 88 percent of the recorded hospital attacks and 97 percent of medical personnel killings, and ‘‘has tar-geted health care and increasingly used it as a weapon of war to destroy its opponents by preventing care, killing thousands of civil-ians along the way’’. 
(10) Internationally accepted rules of war 
require actors to distinguish between civil-ians and combatants and that all parties are obligated to respect and protect the wounded and sick and to take care all reasonable measures to provide safe and prompt access for the wounded and sick to medical care. 
SEC. 3. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
Congress— (1) strongly condemns the ongoing vio-
lence, use of chemical weapons, targeting of civilian populations with barrel, incendiary, and cluster bombs and SCUD missiles, and systematic gross human rights violations carried out by Government of Syria and pro- government forces under the direction of President Bashar al-Assad, as well as all abuses committed by violent extremist groups and other combatants involved in the civil war in Syria; 
(2) expresses its support for the people of 
Syria seeking democratic change; 
(3) urges all parties to the conflict to im-
mediately halt indiscriminate attacks on ci-vilians, allow for the delivery of humani-tarian and medical assistance, and end sieges of civilian populations; 
(4) calls on the President to support efforts 
in Syria and on the part of the international community to ensure accountability for war crimes and crimes against humanity com-mitted during the conflict; and 
(5) supports the requirement in United Na-
tions Security Council Resolutions 2191, 2165 and 2139 for regular reporting by the Sec-retary-General on implementation on the resolutions, including of paragraph 2 of reso-lution 2139, which demands that all parties desist from violations of international hu-manitarian law and violations and abuses of human rights and calls on the Security Council to establish a committee to inves-tigate past and ongoing gross violations of human rights and war crimes in the Syrian conflict. 
SEC. 4. REPORT ON ACCOUNTABILITY FOR WAR 
CRIMES AND CRIMES AGAINST HU-MANITY IN SYRIA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, and again not later than 180 days after the cessation of violence in Syria, the Secretary of State shall submit to the appropriate con-gressional committees a report on war 
crimes and crimes against humanity in Syria. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under 
subsection (a) shall include the following ele-ments: 
(1) A description of violations of inter-
nationally recognized human rights, war crimes, and crimes against humanity per-petrated during the civil war in Syria, in-cluding— 
(A) an account of incidents that may con-
stitute war crimes and crimes against hu-manity committed by the regime of Presi-dent Bashar al-Assad and all forces fighting on its behalf; 
(B) an account of incidents that may con-
stitute war crimes and crimes against hu-manity committed by violent extremist groups, anti-government forces, and any other combatants in the conflict; 
(C) a description of any incidents that may 
violate the principle of medical neutrality and, when possible, an identification of the individual or individuals who engaged in or organized such violations; and 
(D) where possible, a description of the 
conventional and unconventional weapons used for such crimes and, the origins of the weapons. 
(2) A description of efforts by the Depart-
ment of State and the United States Agency for International Development to ensure ac-countability for violations of internationally recognized human rights, international hu-manitarian law, and crimes against human-ity perpetrated against the people of Syria by the regime of President Bashar al-Assad, violent extremist groups, and other combat-ants involved in the conflict, including— 
(A) a description of initiatives that the 
United States Government has undertaken to train investigators in Syria on how to document, investigate, and develop findings of war crimes, including the number of United States Government or contract per-sonnel currently designated to work full- time on these issues and an identification of the authorities and appropriations being used to support training efforts; 
(B) a description and assessment of Syrian 
and international efforts to ensure account-ability for crimes committed during the Syr-ian conflict, including efforts to promote a transitional justice process that would in-clude criminal accountability and the estab-lishment of an ad hoc tribunal to prosecute the perpetrators of war crimes committed during the civil war in Syria; and 
(C) an assessment of the influence of ac-
countability measures on efforts to reach a negotiated settlement to the conflict during the reporting period. 
(c) F
ORM.—The report required under sub-
section (a) may be in unclassified or classi-fied form, but shall include a publicly avail-able annex. 
(d) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COM-
MITTEE DEFINED .—In this section, the term 
‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— 
(1) the Committee on Foreign Relations of 
the Senate; and 
(2) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the 
House of Representatives. 
f 
NEED-BASED EDUCATIONAL AID 
ACT OF 2015 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 146, S. 1482. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: A bill (S. 1482) to improve and reauthorize 
provisions relating to the application of the antitrust laws to the award of need-based educational aid. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The bill (S. 1482) was ordered to be 
engrossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 1482 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Need-Based 
Educational Aid Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. EXTENSION RELATING TO THE APPLICA-
TION OF THE ANTRITRUST LAWS TO THE AWARD OF NEED-BASED EDU-CATIONAL AID. 
Section 568 of the Improving America’s 
Schools Act of 1994 (15 U.S.C. 1 note) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘or’’ 
after the semicolon; 
(B) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘; or’’ and 
inserting a period at the end; and 
(C) by striking paragraph (4); and (2) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘2015’’ and 
inserting ‘‘2022’’. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, today the 
Senate has passed the bipartisan Need- Based Educational Aid Act of 2015, which will extend for another 7 years the anti-trust exemption permitting colleges and universities to collaborate on issues of need-based financial aid. I worked on this legislation with Sen-ators G
RASSLEY and L EE. Together we 
crafted an approach to reauthorize this exemption which earned the unani-mous support of the Judiciary Com-mittee just last week. This anti-trust exemption allows colleges and univer-sities that admit students on a need- blind basis to collaborate on the for-mula used to determine how much fam-ilies can pay for college. Without con-gressional action, this exemption will expire at the end of September. 
Congress first enacted this exemption 
in 1994 and this will be the third time we have acted to reauthorize it. It is important for Congress to carefully re-view anti-trust exemptions to ensure that they continue to serve the public interest. In this case, our review led us to conclude that one particular provi-sion should sunset because it has never been used by colleges and universities. The need for this slight modification underscores why I am skeptical of per-manent anti-trust exemptions. Requir-ing those who benefit from exemptions to the anti-trust laws to come to Con-gress and justify renewal ensures that they do not become a blank check for anti-competitive behavior. 
I would contrast the limited renewal 
the Senate has passed today with the McCarran-Ferguson Act, a permanent anti-trust exemption that the insur-ance industry has enjoyed since 1945. I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY6.035 S14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5090 July 14, 2015 
have worked for years on a bipartisan 
basis to repeal that law precisely be-cause marketplace conditions can change significantly over a 7-year pe-riod, not to mention the 70 years since McCarran-Ferguson was enacted. We should learn from our experience with today’s bill. 
Our bipartisan and bicameral bill 
serves an important goal—allowing covered universities to focus their re-sources on ensuring the most qualified students can attend some of the best schools in the country, regardless of in-come. I am proud that Middlebury Col-lege in Vermont is one of those covered schools. I also appreciate the efforts of the bill’s sponsors in the House, Con-gressmen S
MITH and J OHNSON . I urge 
the House to pass our bipartisan bill this week. 
f 
WORLD REFUGEE DAY 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 134, S. Res. 204. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 204) recognizing June 
20, 2015 as ‘‘World Refugee Day.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 204) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in the R
ECORD of June 18, 2015, 
under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
NATIONAL CHILD AWARENESS 
MONTH 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 223, submitted earlier today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 223) designating Sep-
tember 2015 as ‘‘National Child Awareness Month’’ to promote awareness of charities benefitting children and youth-serving orga-nizations throughout the United States and recognizing the efforts made by those char-ities and organizations on behalf of children and youth as critical contributions to the fu-ture of the United States. There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 223) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
EVERY CHILD ACHIEVES ACT 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, we 
have had a good day on our legislation to fix No Child Left Behind. I thank the Senators for their cooperation. We have worked through most issues. I think it is important to note that in our committee consideration, we con-sidered 58 amendments and adopted 29. So far, we have considered 22 on the floor and adopted—well, we have adopt-ed 22 on the floor. 
Senator M
URRAY —the ranking mem-
ber—and I have agreed to another cou-ple of dozen amendments from both sides of the aisle; more of them are Democratic than Republican. We are prepared to recommend them to the Senate for adoption by unanimous con-sent. There are another two dozen amendments; more of them are Demo-cratic than Republican, including sev-eral which are important to the Demo-cratic side—the accountability amend-ment, for example; the early childhood amendment, for example—which I think deserve a vote. I don’t support them, but I think they deserve a vote. We are prepared to recommend that the Senate consider them. If we were to do that, we could finish the bill. 
We have one remaining issue. It is an 
impasse over a formula funding ques-tion, which State gets more money from title I. That is always very dif-ficult. The disputants are two of the most distinguished Members of the Senate. I am confident that they see the larger picture, which is that most Americans expect us to finish this bill and most Senators would expect us to be able to vote on the nearly 50 amend-ments that I just described. 
So my hope is that we can come to 
some agreement; that tomorrow morn-ing even before the cloture vote is scheduled we announce that agreement and we proceed to adopt by unanimous consent the amendments that remain to be adopted and then we vote on the amendments that remain to be voted on, all of which would permit us to fin-ish the bill on Thursday. So I thank Senators for that. I con-
tinue to ask for cooperation. I think an excellent example of that cooperation was the Senator from Minnesota, Mr. F
RANKEN , who withheld his amendment 
in committee and offered it on the floor in order to make sure the bill passed. 
f 
ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, JULY 
15, 2015 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 9:30 a.m., Wednesday, July 15; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consider-ation of S. 1177, with the time until the cloture vote equally divided in the usual form; finally, that the filing deadline for all second-degree amend-ments to the substitute amendment No. 2089 and the underlying bill, S. 1177, be at 10 a.m. tomorrow. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, if 
there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 7:39 p.m., adjourned until Wednes-day, July 15, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS 
Executive nominations confirmed by 
the Senate July 14, 2015: 
CORPORATION FOR NATIONAL AND COMMUNITY  
SERVICE  
ROMONIA S. DIXON, OF ARIZONA, TO BE A MEMBER OF 
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE CORPORATION FOR NATIONAL AND COMMUNITY SERVICE FOR A TERM EX-PIRING OCTOBER 6, 2018. 
VICTORIA ANN HUGHES, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE A MEMBER 
OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE CORPORATION FOR NATIONAL AND COMMUNITY SERVICE FOR A TERM EXPIRING OCTOBER 6, 2016. 
RICHARD CHRISTMAN, OF KENTUCKY, TO BE A MEMBER 
OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE CORPORATION FOR NATIONAL AND COMMUNITY SERVICE FOR A TERM EXPIRING OCTOBER 6, 2017. 
ERIC P. LIU, OF WASHINGTON, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE CORPORATION FOR NA-TIONAL AND COMMUNITY SERVICE FOR A TERM EXPIR-ING DECEMBER 27, 2017. 
DEAN A. REUTER, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE A MEMBER OF 
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE CORPORATION FOR NATIONAL AND COMMUNITY SERVICE FOR A TERM EX-PIRING SEPTEMBER 14, 2016. 
SHAMINA SINGH, OF NEW YORK, TO BE A MEMBER OF 
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE CORPORATION FOR NATIONAL AND COMMUNITY SERVICE FOR A TERM EX-PIRING OCTOBER 6, 2019. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:21 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G14JY6.076 S14JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1059 July 14, 2015 
CONGRESSIONAL BLACK CAUCUS 
SPEECH OF  
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 13, 2015 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, 
today I rise to address the ongoing debate over the Confederate battle flag and its place-ment on state and federal government prop-erty. As a daughter of Selma, Alabama, I have a great respect and understanding of the deep heritage and tradition that every Southerner holds close to their heart. But as an American, I find it very troubling that some continue to defend a symbol of obvious and demonstrated hatred. From its creation, the flag was a de-notation of the intention to segregate and en-slave African Americans. 
While some people genuinely revere the 
Confederate Battle Flag because of its con-nection to their ancestors, there can be little doubt that it is cherished by groups and indi-viduals expressing racial hatred. As my col-league and friend J
OHN LEWIS declared in this 
Chamber last week, the state troopers wore the flag on their helmets as they beat him and nearly took his life at the foot of the Edmund Pettus Bridge in 1965. It is clear that the flag is overwhelmingly associated with some of the darkest sins of our nation’s past. The original intention of the flag saw resurgence in the 1950s as an expression of resistance to the Civil Rights Movement and desegregation. In 1963, Governor George Wallace raised the Confederate Battle Flag over the Alabama State Capitol as a protest to then U.S. Attor-ney General Robert Kennedy’s visit to Ala-bama to urge desegregation. This very reac-tion to the rise of civil rights for African-Ameri-cans proves its symbolism as one of racial segregation and not one of heritage. 
But let there be no mistake. The removal of 
this divisive symbol does not cure our society of all discrimination. Hatred stubbornly lingers on even after these flags are lowered. Remov-ing flags from federally owned property or from a state’s capitol grounds is a strong step forward, but it is not a final solution to our so-ciety’s deeply entrenched structural oppres-sion. Much more needs to be done to combat discrimination in our society and in our public institutions. 
The United States has always been a bea-
con of progress and equality, so it stuns me that we continue to be shackled to these dis-criminatory symbols. The destiny of America is always in the future, not the past. We can learn from the past, both good and ill, but it is to the future that we must always direct our focus and our ambitions. We must forge a path forward, away from the symbols of the darkest times in our nation’s history. Racism will end when we confront the hate behind the heritage with unity and reconciliation. IN HONOR OF WILLIAM LAWSON 
LITTLE III 
HON. SAM FARR 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 14, 2015 
Mr. FARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
memory of William Lawson Little III, an impor-tant community leader whose integrity, com-passion, and business acumen enriched the lives of his family, friends and the entire Mon-terey Peninsula. Lawson passed away on June 29, 2015. As his family and friends gath-er to honor and remember his wonderful life, I ask all my colleagues to join me in saluting one of the Monterey Peninsula’s most well-re-spected figures. 
Lawson was born in 1957 to William 
Lawson Little Jr. and Dorothy Hurd. He grew up along the golf links of Pebble Beach, and followed in the footsteps of his father, a Hall of Fame Golfer, as a true lover of the game of golf. He attended Carmel High School, Monterey Peninsula College, and San Jose State University. After college he played in professional golf tournaments around the world and spent a time as a tennis pro in Palm Desert. In 2009, Lawson was inducted into the California Golf Writers Hall of Fame and in 2010 he was inducted into the Mon-terey Peninsula College Hall of Fame. 
In 1974, Lawson left professional sports and 
began a remarkable career at Quail Lodge Golf and Country Club, where he made a last-ing mark beyond the golf course and in our community. He was a key leader in the devel-opment of Quail Meadows and would rise to become Vice President and President of Quail Lodge. While at Quail Lodge, Lawson brought a number of notable events to the Monterey Peninsula, including The Quail, A Motorsports Gathering, The Quail Rally, and the Eagle Cup. All of these events brought joy to thou-sands of people and raised much needed funding for a variety of local charities. 
Mindful of the importance of serving one’s 
community, Lawson made time to serve a number of local civic organizations, including the Jim Tunney Youth Foundation Board, G16 Coalition, Coalition for Monterey Peninsula Business, Monterey County Sheriffs Advisory Board, Carmel River Watershed Conservancy, Monterey County Emergency Assistance Team, as well as many others. 
In 1977, Lawson married the love of his life, 
Rose and they would raise their two children, Chris and Sarah Rose in Carmel Valley. De-spite his professional success and civic en-gagement, more than anything, Lawson will be remembered for being a role model, mentor, friend, and family man. He was a man who al-ways put others above himself. He offered countless people counsel in their time of need and steady guidance to those that needed it. He was a man of undeniable strength and quiet wisdom. He was incredibly fun, lived in 
the moment, and loved playing games. He cherished classic cars, the San Francisco Gi-ants, and making lasting memories with his family. Put simply, Lawson improved the lives of all of those around him. 
Mr. Speaker, I know I speak for the whole 
House in honoring Lawson’s lifetime of achievement and in extending our heartfelt condolences to his friends, and family mem-bers, including his wife Rose, son Chris, daughter Sarah Rose and sisters Linda, Sandy, and Sonya. I ask all my colleagues to pause and join me in paying respect to an ex-traordinary man, William Lawson Little III. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE SESQUICENTEN-
NIAL CELEBRATION OF SAND CREEK, WISCONSIN 
HON. RON KIND 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 14, 2015 
Mr. KIND. Mr. Speaker, this weekend we 
recognize the sesquicentennial celebration of Sand Creek, Wisconsin. On this historic occa-sion, it is only fitting that we reflect on and cel-ebrate the rich history of this town, whose ag-ricultural heritage is a reflection of western and central Wisconsin values. 
Since the town’s founding in 1865, the agri-
cultural fertility of the land and the beautiful Red Cedar River have driven the development of the community. Norwegian settlers who de-cided to homestead in the area were the first to recognize the potential of the land in the Sand Creek region. Despite the wild land that these settlers first encountered, they were able to see through the wilderness and envi-sion the future success that the land and water in the area could provide. 
With a population of about 600 residents 
today, the Township of Sand Creek should be proud of its countless close-knit community connections. Those connections—and the people of Sand Creek who form them—are what make this community so special and what will lead the community to continued suc-cess. 
Throughout this weekend’s celebration, 
Sand Creek residents will come together for a full slate of exciting activities, all put on by their fellow community members. While they enjoy the weekend activities that commemo-rate Sand Creek’s 150 years, we remember the past, reflect on the present, and look to the future. 
Congratulations on 150 proud and pros-
perous years. Best wishes and many more to come. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14JY8.014 E14JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1060 July 14, 2015 
CONGRATULATING FRANCIS HOW-
ELL CENTRAL HIGH SCHOOL FOR ITS PLACEMENT IN THE TOP 25 MISSOURI RANKED HIGH SCHOOLS 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 14, 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to ask my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating Francis Howell Central High School for its placement in the top 25 Missouri high schools as ranked by U.S. News and World Report. 
This school’s administration, teachers, and 
students should be commended for all of their hard work throughout this past year and for their commitment to education. 
I ask you to join me in recognizing Francis 
Howell Central High School for a job well done. 
f 
HONORING KATIE ARROYO AND 
JARED BAILEY OF THE FLORIDA SMALL BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT CENTER AT THE UNIVERSITY OF NORTH FLORIDA FOR RECEIVING THE FLORIDA INNOVATIVE SERVICE AND BEST PRACTICE AWARD OF 2015 
HON. ANDER CRENSHAW 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 14, 2015 
Mr. CRENSHAW. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor Katie Arroyo and Jared Bailey of the Florida Small Business Development Center at the University of North Florida for receiving the Florida Innovative Service and Best Practice Award of 2015. Katie and Jared received this prestigious award for their hard work and ex-pertise in creating the International Marketing Metrics tool. 
Using the International Marketing Metrics 
tool as part of the network’s international trade services, small business exporters are able to quickly compare dozens of markets via the interactive country ranking matrix and illus-trative graphing system. Jared and Katie de-veloped this new and progressive tool for the Small Business Development Center at the University of North Florida. 
The Florida Innovative Service and Best 
Practice Award is given in recognition for sig-nificant contributions to organizational im-provement and enhanced performance in Flor-ida’s SBDC network, which is exactly what the International Marketing Metrics tool accom-plishes. They were presented this prestigious award by Florida SBDC Network CEO and State Director Michael Myhre in Miami, Florida on June 23, 2015 as part of the Florida SBDC Network’s professional development con-ference. At the annual conference, they recog-nize top personnel, volunteers, and partners for their contributions to the Network’s mission in helping Florida’s small businesses grow and succeed. 
I am honored to have two such motivated 
and dedicated individuals living and working in the Fourth Congressional District of Florida. They truly exemplify what it means to work tirelessly in their effort to provide small busi-
nesses with the tools they need to grow and be successful here in Florida and across the nation. 
I salute the dedicated work of both Katie Ar-
royo and Jared Bailey, and their well-deserved recognition upon being selected for this pres-tigious award. 
f 
IN HONOR OF KANNAPOLIS POLICE 
SERGEANT CHUCK MORGAN’S CA-REER 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 14, 2015 
Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Police Sergeant Chuck Morgan for his faithful service with the Kannapolis Police De-partment located in the 8th Congressional Dis-trict of North Carolina. 
Sergeant Morgan began his career with the 
Kannapolis Police Department as a Patrol Offi-cer in 1986 and was then promoted to the rank of Sergeant on April 7, 1999. As a Ser-geant, he has served the Kannapolis commu-nity in both the Patrol and Traffic Divisions. 
As a result of his exemplary service, Ser-
geant Morgan has received various com-mendations from law enforcement agencies, civic organizations, churches, and his peers. To highlight a few, he earned a 10-year safe driving award in 1996 and then the Kannapolis Police Department’s Physical Fitness Award in 2013. 
Equally as impressive as his excellence in 
the field was his dedication to becoming a bet-ter officer. Sergeant Morgan earned an Ad-vanced Law Enforcement Certificate from the N.C. Criminal Justice Education and Training Standards Commission having successfully completed 2,977 hours of professional train-ing. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me today in thank-
ing Sergeant Chuck Morgan for his esteemed service to our community and congratulating him on his retirement. 
f 
21ST CENTURY CURES ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. JOSEPH R. PITTS 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 9, 2015 
The House in Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 6) to accelerate the discovery, development, and delivery of 21st century cures, and for other purposes: 
Mr. PITTS. Mr. Chair, I rise in strong sup-
port for H.R. 6, the 21st Century Cures Act which will help advance the discovery, devel-opment, and delivery of new treatments and cures for patients and will foster private sector innovation here in the U.S. 
Arriving here today has been a long jour-
ney—full of lots of steps and some twists and turns along the way. I especially want to thank Legislative Counsel for their tireless efforts in helping translate our legislative aims into legis-lative language. They worked nights and weekends and were consummate profes-sionals throughout the process. Specifically, I 
want to thank the following: Warren Burke, Ed Grossman, Jessica Shapiro, Michelle Vanek, Jesse Cross. 
I also want to thank the health care staff of 
the Congressional Budget Office for all their help in recent months. In addition to their role in estimating the budgetary effects of numer-ous policies in the bill, they were instrumental in helping us shape a number of proposals the Committee considered. I specifically want to thank Holly Harvey, Tom Bradley, Chad Chirico, and all their colleagues for their dili-gence and assistance through the process. 
And I would be remiss if I did not again 
thank the outstanding team on Energy and Commerce, and most especially the Health team, led by Chief Health Counsel, Clay Alspach, supported by Josh Trent, Paul Edattel, John Stone, Robert Horne, Carly McWilliams, Michelle Rosenberg, Katie Novaria, Adrianna Simonelli, Traci Vitek and Graham Pittman—without whose expertise, wisdom and counsel, this legislative work would not be possible. 
H.R. 6 was reported from Energy and Com-
merce Committee by a vote of 51–0 and ad-vances conservative fiscal and regulatory re-forms. Every dollar of advanced appropriations in the bill (which will sunset at the end of FY 2020) is offset with other permanent reforms— including billions of dollars in mandatory enti-tlement savings in Medicare and Medicaid. 
But this is no ordinary mandatory spend-
ing—like the kind we usually see in entitle-ment spending such as Social Security, Medi-care, Medicaid and Obamacare. This manda-tory spending is for five years only and then stops or sunsets. This mandatory spending is fully paid for with mandatory spending cuts elsewhere that will not stop in five years, but are permanent reforms resulting in real sav-ings. By comparison, the Ryan-Murray budget deal for health care savings yielded much less. 
This innovative hybrid approach allows us to 
cut mandatory spending (entitlement spend-ing) and use the savings to fund what would otherwise be a discretionary project—but in this case is 5-year dedicated spending on medical research. 
Congressional Budget Office determined 
that H.R. 6 will reduce the deficit by $500 mil-lion over the first ten years, and at least an-other $7 billion over the second decade. 
The funds provided to the National Institutes 
for Health (NIH) and Food and Drug Adminis-tration (FDA) will be subject to explicit review and reprogramming through the annual appro-priations process. Congress can review the dedicated funding and allocate it for specific initiatives. 
Additionally, all the important policy riders 
that accompany federal funding through ap-propriations will be included—such as the Hyde Amendment and the Dickey-Wicker Amendment. 
This bill also includes a policy that excludes 
authorized generics from Average Manufactur-ers’ Price. This is a common sense policy from the President’s budget proposal, intended to ensure the appropriate calculation of Med-icaid brand name rebates paid by manufactur-ers. The policy is not intended to effect Med-icaid programs’ pharmacy reimbursements. In-stead, the provision, which many states sup-port, will result in an increase in manufacturer rebates under Medicaid and thus save money for states and the federal government. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K14JY8.003 E14JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1061 July 14, 2015 
H.R. 6 will help America to innovate its way 
out of our entitlement crisis. The regulatory re-forms included in H.R. 6 will accelerate the pace of discovery, development and delivery of new treatments and cures, thereby pro-viding significant health care savings to the federal budget that will only grow over time. 
By modernizing clinical trials, eliminating du-
plicative administrative requirements, and per-haps most importantly, making FDA less bu-reaucratic by advancing the voice and needs of patients in the drug and device approval process—H.R. 6 will make lasting, positive changes to the entire ecosystem of Cures. Over 250 patient groups have enthusiastically said ‘‘yes’’ and endorsed Cures. 
I urge all of my colleagues to think of the 
patients and vote ‘‘AYE’’ in support of H.R. 6. 
f 
21ST CENTURY CURES ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. MARSHA BLACKBURN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 9, 2015 
The House in Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 6) to accelerate the discovery, development, and delivery of 21st century cures, and for other purposes: 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chair, America has 
been at her best when facing great chal-lenges. 
Some of our greatest challenges today are 
in the area of healthcare. 
With over 10,000 known diseases, only 500 
have cures. 
We need to embrace a national vision of im-
proving lives, and of course, saving money, through a Cures Strategy. 
Sepsis is one condition that will benefit from 
this legislation. 
Sepsis is the body’s response to an over-
whelming infection. 
Approximately 250,000 people die from sep-
sis every year in the U.S. and yet most people have never heard of it. 
Sepsis is the #1 most expensive condition 
treated in U.S. hospitals and in FY11 the ag-gregate hospital cost for sepsis was more than $20 billion. 
This legislation comes too late for Katie 
McQuestion and Rory Staunton, both who succumbed to sepsis as vibrant, health young people. 
But through the work that the CURES legis-
lation will support, we can find ways to identify sepsis earlier and even find ways to prevent sepsis. 
The 21st Century Cures legislation includes 
language that I have authored with my friend from Texas, Rep. G
ENE GREEN —the SOFT-
WARE act. 
Getting bureaucracy out of the way and al-
lowing innovation is the goal of SOFTWARE. 
SOFTWARE will codify the manner in which 
FDA approaches health IT—including the won-derful apps that we all use to keep us healthy. 
FDA is the agency charged with assuring 
the safety and efficacy of drugs and medical devices. 
But data is not a drug or device and it 
makes no sense to regulate it as such. 
However obvious that is, it hasn’t stopped 
FDA from trying to make medical device law fit health IT. We need to modernize the FDA authorities 
to reflect the new technology that is health IT. 
SOFTWARE, as included in 21st Century 
Cures is an important first step in our efforts to modernize the FDA. 
It is common sense legislation to provide 
opportunity for health IT to deliver on the promise of better health for all Americans. 
I look forward to working with my colleagues 
in the Senate to bolster these efforts as SOFTWARE moves through the Senate. 
For all the reasons I’ve outlined, the 21st 
Century Cures legislation is an important bill. But we must ensure that the new treatments, devices and drugs that will be created as a re-sult of this legislation get to the people that need it the most. And some of the most needy are our nations seniors who get health care through Medicare. 
Today, Medicare struggles with the adaption 
of new technology. Many seniors go years without access to the latest treatment options. We must change that. Congress receives great support from the Medicare Payment Ad-visory Commission (MedPAC) who offers rec-ommendations and policy support to Congress to improve Medicare. 
But as we are on the cusp of changing how 
health care is delivered, MedPAC could use additional policy support including Commis-sioners that have real-world expertise in this area, and who understand the changes that need to be made in both Medicare payment and regulatory policies to make that happen. I’ve been pleased to support such candidates in the past, and will continue to do so in the future. 
f 
RECOGNIZING FRED DEHARO FOR 
HIS POSITIVE IMPACT ON IM-PROVING HEALTH EDUCATION FOR PRESIDENTS OF THE COACHELLA VALLEY 
HON. RAUL RUIZ 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 14, 2015 
Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to con-
gratulate and recognize the extraordinary con-tributions Fred Deharo has made to the health and wellbeing of residents in the Coachella Valley, making a real difference in the lives of the people I serve. 
There is a dire need for quality health edu-
cation and health care in the Coachella Valley. As an Emergency Physician myself, I know how critical it is for this population to have ac-cess to health care and education, and have seen first-hand the impact of Mr. Deharo’s work. 
For the last 35 years, Mr. Deharo has dedi-
cated his life to expanding and improving pub-lic health. Upon graduating from UCLA with a Masters of Arts in Health Education-School of Public Health, Mr. Deharo was hired by ‘‘El Progreso Del Desierto,’’ a farm worker health clinic in Coachella, to run their health edu-cation program, and eventually became their Executive Director. 
Mr. Deharo’s genuine passion for our coun-
try’s medically underserved populations steered him toward his next professional en-deavor. In 1993, he began consulting and grant writing, and was instrumental in the opening of the health clinic ‘‘Clinicas Del Pueblo’’ in Mecca, CA. Mecca, primarily a 
farming community, lacks access to basic health care and health education facilities. 
Continuing with his service to underserved 
communities of Southern California, Mr. Deharo returned to the Coachella Valley in 1998 and in collaboration with another pas-sionate health advocate, Rosa Lucas, they contributed to the opening of another clinic ‘‘Santa Rosa Del Valle’’ in Coachella, CA. Cur-rently Mr. Deharo is Chief Contracts Officer for Borrego Community Health Foundation. And soon will be the Director of Contracting and Business Development for Clinicas Del Ca-mino Real, Inc. in Ventura County, Ca. 
Mr. Deharo recognizes the urgent needs 
that medically underserved communities strug-gle with on a daily basis. As a resident of the Coachella Valley, and as a Doctor, I thank Mr. Deharo for his life’s work to provide better healthcare access to the rural and under-served communities of the Coachella Valley. 
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the thousands of 
families and children who have access to a Doctor through the health clinics that Mr. Deharo helped make possible, I would like to offer my sincerest thanks to Mr. Deharo, and look forward to continuing to support his leg-acy. 
f 
CONGRATULATING TIMBERLAND 
HIGH SCHOOL ON ITS BRONZE MEDAL AWARD 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 14, 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to ask my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating Timberland High School on its Bronze Medal Award as a top Missouri High School from U.S. News and World Report. 
This school’s administration, teachers, and 
students should be commended for all of their hard work throughout the past year and for their commitment to education. 
I ask you to join me in recognizing 
Timberland High School for a job well done. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF COLONEL 
SCOTT B. AVERY 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 14, 2015 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and commend Colonel Scott B. Avery, Commander of Martin Army Community Hospital, for his distinguished service to the United States of America. Colo-nel Avery was instrumental in the partnership between the United States Department of Vet-erans Affairs (VA) and the Martin Army Com-munity Hospital at Fort Benning, Georgia to greatly improve the healthcare services pro-vided by the VA in the Columbus, Georgia area. On Tuesday, July 14, 2015, Colonel Avery relinquished Command of Martin Army Community Hospital to Colonel Marie A. Dominguez. 
Colonel Avery was commissioned as a Med-
ical Service Corps Officer in the U.S. Army 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:43 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14JY8.001 E14JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1062 July 14, 2015 
after graduating from the University of Wash-
ington in June 1988 with a baccalaureate de-gree in Political Science. After completing the Medical Service Corps Officer Basic Course in November 1988, Colonel Avery was stationed in Kirchgoens, Germany as a Medical Platoon Leader for 4th BN, 32nd Armor, and 3rd Armor Division. From there, he went on to hone his leadership skills as he successfully completed numerous command and staff as-signments at Fort Irwin, California; Fort Bragg, North Carolina; Ansbach, Germany; Wies-baden, Germany; Joint Base Lewis-McChord, Washington; and Fort Benning, Georgia. In between his staff and command positions, Colonel Avery became a UH–60 Blackhawk pilot and a Master Navigator. He also com-pleted numerous combat tours during his ca-reer. He deployed to Bosnia-Herzegovina dur-ing Operation Joint Guard; to the Middle East in support of Operation Desert Shield/Desert Storm; to Kosovo twice in support Operation of Joint Guardian II; and to Iraq twice in sup-port of Operation Iraqi Freedom and Operation New Dawn. 
The Second Congressional District of Geor-
gia gained a respected and compassionate leader when Colonel Avery arrived in Ft. Benning, Georgia in June 2011 to serve as Commander of the Martin Army Community Hospital. In this capacity, Colonel Avery was instrumental in improving the lives and health of veterans in the Chattahoochee Valley. Colo-nel Avery’s partnership with the U.S. Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs resulted in the open-ing of a new 19,000-square foot Veterans Af-fairs Clinic at Fort Benning on July 6, 2015. The new VA clinic will improve access to health care for veterans, as well as its quality and cost effectiveness. The new clinic will 
offer a full complement of primary care pro-viders with integrated mental health services which will serve more than 13,000 veterans and implement tele-health hubs to provide an additional 96 appointments per week. 
Colonel Avery is the epitome of the U.S. 
Army values: Loyalty, Duty, Respect, Selfless Service, Honor, and Personal Courage. The new clinic would not exist today without Colo-nel Avery’s personal courage, selfless service, relentless desire, and tireless duty to improve the lives of those who have fought to protect our cherished liberties. His loyalty and respect to the current and former servicemen and servicewomen is commendable and should be emulated by leaders in the military and in Congress. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join 
me, my wife Vivian, the Chattahoochee Valley community, and the 730,000 residents of Georgia’s Second Congressional District in honoring Colonel Scott B. Avery for his con-tributions to the veterans of Southwest Geor-gia. We extend our best wishes to Colonel Avery and his family in his next assignment and throughout his career as he continues to be a champion for veterans. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO EAGLE SCOUT 
AUSTIN PERRIN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 14, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Austin Perrin of Boy Scout Troop 218 in Shen-
andoah, Iowa, for achieving the rank of Eagle Scout. The Eagle Scout rank is the highest advancement rank in scouting. Only about five percent of Boy Scouts earn the Eagle Scout Award. The award is a performance-based achievement with high standards that have been well-maintained for more than a century. 
For nine years Austin has dedicated his 
time and efforts to the Scouts. Not only has he excelled in Scouts, but he’s also been a top- notch student and role model in the commu-nity. He represents his freshman class as their President and representative on the student council. He also participates in athletics and a number of different school related activities. 
To earn the Eagle Scout rank, a Boy Scout 
must pass specific tests organized by require-ments and merit badges, and complete an Eagle Project to benefit the community. For his Eagle Scout Service Project, Austin built a 28- foot cedar gazebo at Priest Park in Shen-andoah. His inspiration came from seeing young students waiting for the bus in the rain without any shelter. Now, each day that it rains, students have a dry place to wait for the bus. 
Mr. Speaker, the example set by this young 
man and his service to his community dem-onstrates the rewards of hard work, dedication and perseverance. I am honored to represent Austin in the United States Congress. I know that all of my colleagues in the U.S. House of Representatives will join me in congratulating him on reaching the rank of Eagle Scout, and I wish him nothing but continued success in his future education and career. 
f 
HONORING GANNETT FLEMING 
HON. SCOTT PERRY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 14, 2015 
Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, I’m proud to take 
this opportunity to offer my sincere congratula-tions to Gannett Fleming on the 100th Anni-versary of their company’s founding. Their record of accomplishment and longevity truly is exceptional and praiseworthy. 
When Farley Gannett partnered with Theo-
dore Seelye to form ‘‘Farley Gannett, Con-sulting Engineer’’ in Harrisburg on August 1, 1915, they laid the foundation for a company that would become a driving force in improving our communities through a commitment to growth, ethics and technical excellence. 
Whether designing water supply and flood 
control dams to improve the quality of drinking water and reducing the risk of flooding, build-ing highways that strengthen our economy and allow for the safe and efficient movement of people and goods, or water and wastewater treatment plants that result in cleaner streams, Gannett Fleming’s more than 2,000 employ-ees maintain the tradition of excellence, inno-vation and responsiveness that began 100 years ago. 
Mr. Speaker, I also commend Gannett 
Fleming and its employees for their work on military and public service projects, including the Cancer Institute and Children’s Hospital at the University’s Medical Center in Hershey. Additionally, their ongoing support of commu-nity and charitable organizations throughout the region is invaluable. Congratulations once again to Gannett 
Fleming and their employees on this wonderful milestone. Best wishes for continued success in the years to come. 
f 
CONGRATULATING ST. CLAIR HIGH 
SCHOOL ON ITS BRONZE MEDAL AWARD 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 14, 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to ask my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating St. Clair High School on its Bronze Medal Award as a top Missouri High School from U.S. News and World Report. 
This school’s administration, teachers, and 
students should be commended for all of their hard work throughout the past year and for their commitment to education. 
I ask you to join me in recognizing St. Clair 
High School for a job well done. 
f 
OLDER AMERICANS ACT 50TH 
ANNIVERSARY 
HON. JOYCE BEATTY 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 14, 2015 
Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, today marks 
the 50th anniversary of the landmark Older Americans Act, which President Lyndon John-son signed into law on July 14, 1965. 
Congress passed the Older Americans Act 
in response to concerns by policymakers about a lack of community social services for older persons. 
The Older Americans Act is the major fed-
eral vehicle for the delivery of social and nutri-tion services for older persons. 
It ensures seniors have transportation to 
medical appointments, the grocery store, adult day care and more. 
It provides critical support and respite serv-
ices to those caring for older adults—and, today, over 35 million Americans are family caregivers for older Americans. 
The Older Americans Act also promotes 
health and well-being—helping manage diabe-tes, prevent falls, and improve behavioral health so seniors can live at home in their community. 
The Older Americans Act has been serving 
our seniors and families well for half a century. 
With 10,000 Americans turning 65 each day, 
we have an obligation to keep the Older Americans Act strong. 
Just yesterday, President Obama spoke at 
the 2015 White House Conference on Aging to emphasize the importance of addressing aging issues and reauthorization of the Older Americans Act. 
Across the country, older Americans are 
running businesses, helping to raise their grandchildren, serving as teachers, acting as mentors, and contributing their many talents for the better of their community. 
I am committed to making sure that Ameri-
cans are able to enjoy the secure retirement they deserve—whether they are already re-tired, are about to retire or are just starting out. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14JY8.004 E14JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1063 July 14, 2015 
I will continue to work to protect and expand 
Social Security, improve health care afford-ability, and create affordable long-term care options. 
Americans who have worked hard, raised 
families, and kept our country strong should be able to live their years in retirement with dignity and independence. 
The Older Americans Act helps them do 
that by providing critical services to millions of senior citizens and their families. 
Reauthorization of this important piece of 
legislation should occur as soon as possible. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LOUISE McINTOSH SLAUGHTER 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 14, 2015 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I was un-
avoidably detained and missed Roll Call vote number 434. Had I been present, I would have voted aye. 
f 
HONORING BEAR WALLOW 
DISTILLERY 
HON. TODD C. YOUNG 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 14, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, small 
businesses across my district work every day to produce the goods and services needed to drive our economy, and today it is my honor to highlight one of them. My home state of In-diana has a long heritage of agriculture and manufacturing business, as well as a spirit of entrepreneurship and innovation. One small business in Indiana’s 9th District, Bear Wallow Distillery, sits at the center of these proud Hoosier traditions. 
Bear Wallow Distillery, located in scenic and 
historic Brown County, Indiana, is a home- grown success story. Founded and still owned by Mike and Susan Spagnuolo, their craft dis-tillery opened its doors in August 2014. In the year since, the company has expanded its ini-tial offering of Hoosier-made moonshine to in-clude bourbon and several different whiskeys; all crafted from locally grown and supplied in-gredients. Operating a still and a serving room, Bear Wallow has served thousands of thirsty Hoosiers. Visitors can see the distillery operation on behind-the-scene tours and sam-ple local foods as well as drinks. 
Bear Wallow does its part to support our 
long tradition of quality craftsmanship. The company creates its signature spirits using a traditional copper still from another family- owned small business, Vendome Brass and Copper of Louisville, KY. The small-batch, handcrafted spirits that Bear Wallow produces are then aged in charred American White Oak barrels and served-up straight or as part of a cocktail. The business is known for its ‘‘Moon-shine shake-ups,’’ made with fruit elixirs and served in a tasting area featuring Prohibition- era decorations and a bare-wood bar made from locally milled red oak. 
Bear Wallow refers to itself as ‘‘the first 
legal distillery in Indiana.’’ The claim rings very true, as the success of Bear Wallow would not have been possible even two years ago. Pre-
vious Indiana law prevented would-be entre-preneurs from operating small distilleries in the state. Following changes to the law in 2013, Mike and Susan Spagnuolo were on the front line pioneering this industry that is flourishing in Indiana’s 9th District. Their small business, like so many others, is helping to create need-ed jobs, drive our local economy, and gen-erate tourism throughout the state. 
It is an honor representing entrepreneurs 
like the Spagnuolos who took a risk opening Bear Wallow Distillery. I hope their example serves to inspire other would-be entre-preneurs, and am pleased to highlight their good work today in this installment of Indi-ana’s 9th District Small Business Spotlight. 
f 
CONGRATULATING SECKMAN SEN-
IOR HIGH SCHOOL FOR ITS BRONZE MEDAL AWARD 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 14, 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to ask my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating Seckman Senior High School on its Bronze Medal Award as a top Missouri High School from U.S. News and World Report. 
This school’s administration, teachers, and 
students should be commended for all of their hard work throughout the past year and for their commitment to education. 
I ask you to join me in recognizing Seckman 
Senior High School for a job well done. 
f 
HONORING JOANNE LEINOW ON 
THE OCCASION OF HER RETIRE-MENT AS PARTNERSHIP DEVEL-OPMENT DIRECTOR OF BIG BROTHERS BIG SISTERS OF THE DESERT 
HON. RAUL RUIZ 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 14, 2015 
Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to con-
gratulate Ms. Joanne Leinow on her retirement after 28 years of service with the Big Brothers Big Sisters (BBBS) program, whose mission is to provide children facing adversity with strong and enduring, professionally supported one-to- one relationships that change their lives for the better, forever. 
Throughout her nearly three decades of 
service, Ms. Leinow has been involved in with BBBS in both large and small communities, all across the country including Cincinnati, Ohio, Los Angeles, California, and most recently here in our desert. From her contribution in 1960, in Cincinnati, Ohio, to her work with the Jewish Big Brothers Big Sisters in Los Ange-les in the 1990s, and finally her most recent service over the past 9 years with Big Broth-ers Big Sisters of the Desert, Ms. Leinow has made a tremendous impact on thousands of youth in our nation. 
In 2002, Ms. Leinow was hired at the BBBS 
of the Desert to develop a site based men-toring program. Unfamiliar with the region, Ms. Leinow performed her BBBS ‘‘magic.’’ In 2006 she was promoted to Partnership Develop-
ment Director for her incredible job recruiting new volunteers, developing community and business partnerships, and making sure that the Coachella Valley community knew BBBSD was the ‘‘go-to’’ agency for mentoring. 
From the time Ms. Leinow became the Part-
nership Development Director in 2006, BBBSD has seen a 108% increase in the number of children served, increasing from 333 children in 2006 to 555 in 2010. 
Ms. Leinow’s hard work and passion for 
public service does not go unnoticed. She has been recognized with numerous awards, in-cluding the Skip Walsh Award in 2011, which honors BBBS professionals who excel in the qualities of education, enthusiasm, and gen-erosity. 
Mr. Speaker, Ms. Leinow’s commitment to 
public service and particularly to stimulate chil-dren to overcome hardship through mentorship is an act of human kindness. On behalf of all those who have benefited from BBBSD, and the residents of California’s 36th Congressional District, I would like to offer my sincerest thanks and congratulate Ms. Leinow for her exceptional commitment. I wish her well in her well-deserved retirement. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE ACHIEVE-
MENTS OF PERCIVAL LOWELL 
HON. RICHARD E. NEAL 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 14, 2015 
Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take 
this opportunity to introduce an article entitled ‘‘The Bostonian astronomer who dreamed of Pluto’’ that was published in the Boston Globe on July 12, 2015. Written by Ted Widmer, this article reviews the life and accomplishments of Percival Lowell, the Boston astronomer that had a tremendous impact on the discovery of Pluto. As the New Horizons spacecraft sped 
past that distant planet this morning, this arti-cle stands as a tribute to ensure we do not forget Percival Lowell’s part in this great human achievement of innovation and explo-ration. 
THEBOSTONIAN ASTRONOMER WHODREAMED  
OFPLUTO  
(By Ted Widmer, The Boston Globe) 
This Tuesday, July 14, at 7:49:57 a.m. EDT, 
the New Horizons spacecraft will rendezvous with Pluto at a point in space nearly 3 bil-lion miles from Earth. It’s been a long strange trip. 
New Horizons launched nearly a decade 
ago, on Jan. 19, 2006. It received a gravity boost from Jupiter in 2007, and has been cruising at more than 30,000 miles per hour ever since. It won’t even slow down as it passes by the planet at the end of the solar system, but it will gather data and take photos as it screams silently by. 
By 7:49:58, the moment will have passed, 
and New Horizons will be seeking new adven-tures in the Kuiper Belt. 
For New Englanders, there are a couple 
reasons to feel proud of the fly-by. The mis-sion is the first in the ‘‘New Frontiers’’ se-ries, named after President Kennedy. And Pluto is something of a local concern. Though Pluto was formally discovered by a Kansan named Clyde Tombaugh in 1930, he was spurred to look where he did because of calculations made years earlier by a Bosto-nian astronomer, Percival Lowell. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY8.007 E14JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1064 July 14, 2015 
Lowell was born in 1855, near the State 
House—the epicenter of ‘‘the Hub of the Solar System,’’ as Oliver Wendell Holmes fa-mously called the city. More than most, Lowell helped Boston live up to that claim, with his relentless research into the heavens. The astronomical symbol for Pluto, a P and L mashed together, is a tribute to him. And by laying out instructions for where to look for the celestial object he called ‘‘Planet X,’’ Lowell was like the owner of a shoveled-out parking spot, leaving a battered lawn chair as a space-saver, to mark his territory for-ever. How Boston is that? 
Lowell was an unlikely astronomical pio-
neer. He grew up privileged, one of a brood that included Harvard’s future president, A. Lawrence Lowell, and the poet Amy Lowell (whom he called ‘‘Big Fat Baby’’). He could 
have coasted, the way so many wealthy Americans did in the smug years that fol-lowed the Civil War. But three deep passions seized him, and helped him to achieve escape velocity—enough to leave Boston’s gravity forever. 
The first of these was Japan. In 1883, after 
a brief period managing family investments, he set sail for what he called ‘‘the morning land,’’ in search of spiritual enlightenment. Americans had begun to appreciate Japanese design at the 1876 Centennial Exposition in Philadelphia, so fresh and direct in contrast to the grandiloquent statements of the Gild-ed Age. A small wavelet of Bostonians trav-eled there, or even established residence, in-cluding William Sturgis Bigelow (who gave 40,000 Japanese artifacts to the MFA), Isa-bella Stewart Gardner, Edward Sylvester Morse, and Ernest Fenollosa. Lowell happily joined this expatriate tide, which fit per-fectly his desire to declare independence from the Hub. 
He lived in Japan for 10 years, and wrote 
prolifically about Shintoism and other as-pects of a culture that he found un-Bosto-nian in every way—except for its ancestor worship. At the same time, Boston helped him immensely, by distributing his esoteric musings through well-trusted outlets like The Atlantic. His writings inspired other Japanophiles, and they helped Lowell gain the confidence to explore other worlds. These he was beginning to glimpse, by climbing Japanese mountains, where it was under-stood that spiritual understanding came more quickly. The Buddhists revere what they call ‘‘celestial’’ enlightenment. Typi-cally, Lowell found it in his own way, by searching the skies for unusual objects. 
In 1893, he began to devote intense study to 
the planet Mars, the second of his three ob-sessions. Learning that Mars would be ap-proaching close to Earth the next year, he dropped everything and began to prepare. He purchased land on an elevated plateau near Flagstaff, Ariz., brought two large tele-scopes, and for the next 23 years devoted his attention to the place he named Mars Hill. It became a kind of transcendental-astronom-ical paradise for him, and he delivered philo-sophical musings, like, ‘‘To stand a mile and a half nearer the stars is not to stand im-mune.’’ Lowell’s principal thesis—that Mars contained a network of canals, and was like-ly inhabited—was more imaginative than scientific. 
But despite Lowell’s failure to find signs of 
extraterrestrial life, his years of close obser-vation yielded much valuable data, and helped people see our planetary neighbor in new ways. The science fiction industry was not slow to follow his lead, and tales of Mar-tian invaders have never failed to sell. He built an important establishment in Arizona, the Lowell Observatory. And once again, he fell in love with an exotic land—this time, the Southwest, where he wandered happily, collecting plant specimens by day, and stars by night. Lowell’s third passion took him even fur-
ther afield. Earlier in life, as a young man recently graduated from Harvard, he had tired of Boston’s predictability, and written, with the studied weariness of the young, that he was considering ‘‘migrating to another planet or ceasing to exist.’’ 
In 1905, he began an obsessive search for a 
new planet, beyond Neptune, the legendary ‘‘Planet X.’’ He predicted where it might be found, and even photographed it in 1915, al-though he was not aware that he had. He died a year later, but it would have delighted this otherworldly thinker to know that his research lived on and provided a road map to the sky-gazers who followed in his wake. 
In 1930, when Pluto was finally pinpointed, 
there was universal excitement. Walt Disney named Mickey Mouse’s dog after the dis-covery. The element plutonium was also named after Pluto. There were now nine planets—a number that felt right. It seemed as if Lowell had found final vindication, after all those years chasing Japanese ghosts and Martian canals. 
But year by year, as scientists got to know 
Pluto better, they liked it less, finding it smaller than expected, icy, and dubious in other ways, including its orbit and its rela-tionship with neighboring objects. In 2006, 101 years after Lowell began his search for it, Pluto suffered the ultimate indignity when it was downgraded to a ‘‘dwarf planet.’’ The fleeting fly-by this Tuesday may help restore luster to the object formerly known as Plan-et X. But more than likely, we will have to look elsewhere for Lowell’s vindication. 
Fortunately, it’s not too hard to find. In 
June, scientists began to get excited again about the possibility of life on Mars, and re-search is coming into the Martian subsoil. A different monument to Lowell exists right here, in Cambridge’s Mount Auburn Ceme-tery. He is not buried there, that would be too predictable (his actual grave is at Mars Hill, in Arizona). But a piece of petrified rock, left by his instruction, gives his grave’s real location, and testifies to the en-during individuality of a Bostonian who wanted to be present, but not too present. Percival Lowell always encountered the world on his own terms. 
f 
CONGRATULATING NEW HAVEN 
HIGH SCHOOL FOR ITS BRONZE MEDAL AWARD 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 14, 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to ask my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating New Haven High School on its Bronze Medal Award as a top Missouri High School from U.S. News and World Report. 
This school’s administration, teachers, and 
students should be commended for all of their hard work throughout the past year and for their commitment to education. 
I ask you to join me in recognizing New 
Haven High School for a job well done. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO STANLEY AND WILMA 
EMBREE 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 14, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Stanley and Wilma Embree on the very special occa-
sion of their 70th wedding anniversary on June 17, 2015. 
This couple was married in North Carolina 
in 1945 and farmed in Adams County until the 1980’s. Stanley and Wilma now live in Atlantic, Iowa in Cass County. Stanley and Wilma’s lifelong commitment to each other and to their children and family truly embodies Iowa’s val-ues. I congratulate this devoted couple on their 70 years together and I wish them many more. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating them on this momentous oc-casion. 
f 
DISTINGUISHED OFFICER EDWARD 
ALFRED THOMAS 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 14, 2015 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the Hous-
ton Police Headquarters will soon be renamed in honor of the retired Senior Police Officer Edward Alfred Thomas, a fitting tribute to his lifelong service to the city of Houston. 
Police Officer Edward Alfred Thomas, also 
known as ‘‘Mr. Thomas’’ around the station, has provided 65 years of service as an officer to the Houston Police Department. 
Officer Thomas served the Houston Police 
Department from January 12, 1948 to July 23, 2011. His accomplishments are numerous and include The 100 Club, Officer of the Year, the Lifetime Achievement Award, and a Chief of Police Commendation. 
Officer Thomas served nearly 20 years prior 
to the Civil Rights Movement and was one of the first African-American police officers to in-tegrate into the Houston Police Department. 
Fellow officers declare that Officer Thomas 
has been an incredible example of persever-ance, courage, and duty to the Houston Police Force. 
Several organizations support the proposal 
to name the Police Headquarters in Officer Thomas’s honor such as the African American Police Officer League (AAPOL), Houston Po-lice Officer’s Union (HPOU), the Houston Or-ganization of Public Employees (HOPE), and Houston Police Organization of Spanish Speaking Officers (OSSO). 
The City Council unanimously approved the 
proposal to name the Houston Police Head-quarters in his honor on June 15, 2015. 
And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 14, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,151,921,010,337.51. We’ve 
added $7,525,044,062,425.42 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14JY8.011 E14JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1065 July 14, 2015 
have avoided with a balanced budget amend-
ment. 
f 
CONGRATULATING FT. ZUMWALT 
SOUTH HIGH SCHOOL ON ITS BRONZE MEDAL AWARD 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 14, 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to ask my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating Ft. Zumwalt South High School on its Bronze Medal Award as a top Missouri High School from U.S. News and World Re-port. 
This school’s administration, teachers, and 
students should be commended for all of their hard work throughout the past year and for their commitment to education. 
I ask you to join me in recognizing Ft. 
Zumwalt South High School for a job well done. 
f 
DULLES ACADEMIC CHAMPIONSHIP 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 14, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Dulles High School on being named the 2015 6A Academic State Cham-pions. This win marks Dulles’ third state title in four years. 
This impressive achievement brought the 
gold medal to Dulles for the third time in just four years. This year’s win also marks the eighth consecutive academic championship title for Fort Bend ISD. Dulles earned first place team honors in Science, Math, and Speech and Debate and second place team honors in Number Sense. No doubt, these stu-dents worked diligently all year to win this championship. Their success would not have been possible without the support of their teachers, principal, and parents. We are all looking forward to the continued achievements of this bright group of students. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Dulles High School’s Academic State Champions. This victory makes the entire Fort Bend ISD community proud. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MOMS2B PROGRAM 
HON. STEVE STIVERS 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 14, 2015 
Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the Moms2B program in Columbus, Ohio for receiving the Supporting the Safety Net Award from the Association of Community Affiliated Plans (ACAP). The award was given at the 2015 ACAP CEO Summit. ACAP works with not-for-profit Safety Net Health Plans in their efforts to improve the health of lower-in-come and vulnerable populations. 
Moms2B was founded in 2010 and began 
as a 10-week nutrition course. The program has now grown into a multidisciplinary pro-
gram with a variety of healthcare professionals serving the neighborhoods of Columbus. 
The program is designed to address mater-
nal and infant health issues in low-income communities with high rates of infant mortality. Specifically, there is a focus on helping preg-nant women deliver full term, healthy babies. Moms2B also partners with a variety of organi-zations, including the American Red Cross, The Mid-Ohio Food Bank, the Ohio State Uni-versity Outreach and Engagement, and many others in an effort to improve their outreach and care to the families in Central Ohio. 
Moms2B has enrolled more than 350 
women into the program, and has seen great success in its short time in operation. Through August 2013, program participants had a 50 percent reduction in low birth weight babies compared to the Medicaid expected number. 
Winning the ACAP Supporting Safety Net 
Award is a true testament to the incredible im-pact Moms2B has had on families in Central Ohio. On behalf of the people of Ohio’s 15th Congressional District, I thank Moms2B for all they do for our community and wish them con-tinued success in the future. 
f 
CONGRATULATING FATIMA HIGH 
SCHOOL ON ITS BRONZE MEDAL AWARD 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 14, 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to ask my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating Fatima High School on its Bronze Medal Award as a top Missouri High School from U.S. News and World Report. 
This school’s administration, teachers, and 
students should be commended for all of their hard work throughout the past year and for their commitment to education. 
I ask you to join me in recognizing Fatima 
High School for a job well done. 
f 
2015 CARNEGIE HALL NATIONAL 
YOUTH ORCHESTRA 
HON. LOUISE McINTOSH SLAUGHTER 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 14, 2015 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, today I rise 
to recognize the 2015 National Youth Orches-tra of the United States of America. 
Each summer, Carnegie Hall’s Weill Music 
Institute brings together some of the finest young musicians from across the country to form the prestigious National Youth Orchestra. The musicians, ranging from ages 16–19 years old, undergo a comprehensive audition process; the 114 talented, dedicated musi-cians who are selected reflect the breadth, di-versity and quality of young musicians in the United States. 
After an intensive two-week training resi-
dency at State University of New York Pur-chase College with faculty from some of the country’s finest professional orchestras, the players travel the world on an annual tour to top music capitals. Our musicians have the opportunity to interact with local young musi-
cians and sightsee wherever they travel, and they inspire their audiences with their music- making. 
In its inaugural season in 2013, the Orches-
tra traveled to Russia and the UK. This year, from July 10–26, they will travel from New York City to China. In Beijing, Shanghai, Hong Kong, and four other cities, the Orchestra will share their talent with Chinese audiences while experiencing firsthand the richness of China’s culture and history. As musical am-bassadors for America, the orchestra will strengthen ties between citizens of the US and the People’s Republic of China through cul-ture. 
I am thrilled to announce this summer’s per-
formers include two young musicians from my own Congressional district. Martine Thomas, 17, plays viola with the Rochester Phil-harmonic Youth Orchestra. She was a mem-ber of the National Youth Orchestra’s inau-gural summer tour in 2013, and this will be her second appearance with the group. She en-joys spending her weekends busking at a farmers market and performing at assisted liv-ing centers. Additionally, Helen Wong, 17, plays violin and attends Webster Schroeder High School is a performer in this years Na-tional Youth Orchestra. She enjoys performing piano and violin at senior centers and church-es in her free time. 
Participating in the arts can have incredible 
benefits on our nation’s students. From higher test scores to better behavior, stronger critical thinking skills, and better decision making skills. Team building skills along that these students will cultivate in the orchestra are es-sential to today’s interconnected workplace. 
Again, I would like to congratulate all of the 
young musicians of the 2015 National Youth Orchestra and wish them the best of luck in their future endeavors. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF JAMES 
SICILIANO 
HON. FRANK PALLONE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 14, 2015 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Mr. James Siciliano. Mr. Siciliano will be honored by the Italian American Memo-rial Association (IAMA) on July 18, 2015 and I would like to join with its members in con-gratulating Mr. Siciliano. 
The son of first generation Italian Ameri-
cans, Mr. Siciliano honors his heritage and continues to uphold the objective of the IAMA to promote social, cultural and recreational ac-tivities for the betterment of the residents of Long Branch, New Jersey. His dedication to the community and the IAMA is truly deserving of this body’s recognition. 
A native of Long Branch, Mr. Siciliano has 
been involved with the IAMA since childhood. Having participated in the IAMA Little League, Mr. Siciliano knows first-hand the positive in-fluence the association’s recreational and ath-letic activities have on the community’s youth. As a member and President of the IAMA, he maintains active participation in the associa-tion and ensures its continued success. Under his leadership, the IAMA has grown in mem-bership and activities. He also helped begin 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14JY8.014 E14JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1066 July 14, 2015 
the association’s scholarship program and 
oversees the daily functions of the center. 
Mr. Speaker, I sincerely hope that my col-
leagues will join me in recognizing Mr. James Siciliano as he is honored by the Italian Amer-ican Memorial Association and thanking him for his countless contributions to the commu-nity. 
f 
HONORING THE OLDER AMERI-
CANS ACT 50TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 14, 2015 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in honor of the Older Americans Act 50th Anniversary. Originally passed in 1965, the Older Americans Act en-sures that older individuals and their care-givers have access to a wide array of serv-ices. Aside from Medicare, Medicaid, and So-cial Security, services such as community- based care, meal delivery, health prevention programs, and elder rights protection are just a few of the many vital programs that the Older Americans Act provides. 
The population age 65 and over increased 
by 24.7 percent between 2003 and 2013 and the number of individuals in need of aging pro-grams continues to rise. Nearly 50 million older Americans and Americans with disabil-ities rely on Medicare coverage and more than 70 million individuals depend on Medicaid and the Children’s Health Insurance Program for their health care needs. Nearly 42 million Americans receive Social Security retirement benefits and for 6 out of 10 seniors, Social Se-curity provides most of their income. I strongly believe in solvent Medicare, Medicaid, and So-cial Security systems that give older Ameri-cans the security they need. 
As for the impact of the community and so-
cial services provided by the Older Americans Act, the aging network serves an average of 11 million people each year. For example, over a five year period, 130 million rides to doctors’ offices, grocery stores, and other lo-cations were provided. More than 1 billion meals were served and 95 percent of those served would recommend the nutrition pro-gram. Nearly 20 million hours of case man-agement, over 60 million hours of homemaker services, and more than 30 million hours of respite care were provided, helping older adults continue to live in their own homes. Through the Senior Community Service Em-ployment Program, more than 200,000 partici-pants provided almost 248 million hours of community service, effectively allowing seniors to give back to their community. 
As the Baby Boomer Generation enters the 
65 and over age bracket and the average life expectancy lengthens, it is clear that we can-not afford a shortage of services. As we cele-brate the Older Americans Act 50th Anniver-sary, we must also keep in mind that these services often end up on the chopping block. On this historic day, I hope that we can all work together to find ways to continue to pro-vide these vital services to our older Ameri-cans. CONGRATULATING THE CHAMOIS 
HIGH SCHOOL ON ITS BRONZE MEDAL AWARD 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 14, 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to ask my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating Chamois High School on its Bronze Medal Award as a top Missouri High School from U.S. News and World Report. 
This school’s administration, teachers, and 
students should be commended for all of their hard work throughout the past year and for 
their commitment to education. 
I ask you to join me in recognizing Chamois 
High School for a job well done. 
f 
HOUSTON COMMUNITY COLLEGE 
AND TEXAS A&M UNIVERSITY 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 14, 2015 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Texas 
A&M University has recently announced the new Texas A&M-Chevron Engineering Acad-emies at two year colleges across Texas, in-cluding Houston Community College. This al-lows more students to receive a high quality engineering degree. The Texas Workforce Commission projects that by 2022 the state of Texas will need 62,000 more engineers, and this program is one of the ways Texas is going to get there. 
In this program, students can complete their 
first two years of core classes at HCC and be granted full emission into Texas A&M to com-plete their major specific classes. Students will be able to learn in smaller environments for a fraction of the price. It combines the best from both schools, the atmospheres and learning setting. HCC already offers a wide variety of engineering majors, and now with A&Ms ma-jors available to them, the possibilities for these students are endless. 
Texas A&M is one of the top engineering 
programs not only in the state of Texas, not only in the country, but the world. Much like the 19th century British empire, the sun never sets in Aggieland, for they have campuses set all over the world. 
Houston Community College has 60,000 
students annually and serves Houston as one of the top schools to earn a degree from. This partnership is ensuring that more students have access to a top engineering education and the connections they make through this will benefit not only them, but our future econ-omy and industrial developments throughout the world. 
And that’s just the way it is. RECOGNIZING OUR NATION’S COM-
MUNITY CORRECTIONS PROFES-SIONALS 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 14, 2015 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
ask the House of Representatives to join me in recognizing the invaluable contribution to public safety made by community corrections professionals in the United States and throughout the world. Every year, the Amer-ican Probation and Parole Association (APPA) and its allied members set aside a week to honor these valued public servants, and this year, they have chosen July 12–18 to mark Pretrial, Probation and Parole Supervision Week 2015. I am proud to stand in support of corrections professionals not only in the Dis-trict of Columbia but around the world. 
In the nation’s capital, thousands of women 
and men serve as pretrial, probation and pa-role officers or administrators. As public serv-ants, these constituents, along with many other Americans, commit themselves on a daily basis to helping improve the lives of those involved in the criminal justice system. Mr. Speaker, the work of these professionals ultimately results in stronger and safer com-munities for all. 
Community corrections professionals are re-
sponsible for supervising adult and juvenile of-fenders in communities throughout our nation. In many cases, these trained professionals go above and beyond the call of duty by pro-viding their clients supportive services or refer-rals to critical community-based resources, employment opportunities and housing pro-grams. Additionally, community corrections professionals provide services, support, and protection for victims, while continuously pro-moting the importance of crime prevention and restorative justice. 
In honor of Pretrial, Probation and Parole 
Supervision Week 2015, I recognize, in par-ticular, the community corrections and super-vision services carried out here in the District of Columbia by the Court Services and Of-fender Supervision Agency for the District of Columbia (CSOSA) and the Pretrial Services Agency for the District of Columbia (PSA). CSOSA and PSA stand out as model commu-nity supervision agencies due to both their professionalism and their novel, partnership- based approach to reentry and public safety in the District of Columbia. 
On any given day, CSOSA is responsible 
for supervising approximately 12,000 individ-uals on probation, parole or supervised re-
lease, whereas PSA supervises roughly 20,000 defendants. Charged with having to balance issues of public safety with social services and reentry support, the employees of CSOSA and PSA help to enhance the se-curity of everyone that lives, works or visits the District of Columbia, 
I extend my gratitude to these public serv-
ants for their commitment, compassion and contributions to healthier and safer commu-nities throughout the District of Columbia. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask the House of Represent-
atives to join me in acknowledging the impact community corrections professionals have on the quality of life of so many Americans, and recognizing July 12–18 as Pretrial, Probation and Parole Supervision Week 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14JY8.018 E14JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1067 July 14, 2015 
CONGRATULATING THE LAKE 
COUNTY VETERANS AND FAMILY SERVICES FOUNDATION ON THE OPENING OF THE NEW DRYHOOTCH DROP-IN CENTER AND OFFICES 
HON. ROBERT J. DOLD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 14, 2015 
Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-
ognize the Lake County Veterans and Family Services Foundation (LCVFSF) of Grayslake, Illinois on the opening of their new Dryhootch Drop-In Center and Offices on July 16, 2015. The new center provides a welcoming atmos-phere for active service members, veterans, and their families to come and enjoy a cup of coffee, meet others who have shared their military experience, or learn more about the many services available to them through LCVFSF from a veteran peer specialist. 
The new facility was made possible through 
a joint partnership between LCVFSF and Dryhootch of America—a nonprofit organiza-tion formed by combat veterans to help vet-erans in their return home. Dryhootch was en-visioned as a place where veterans could gather informally in a drug and alcohol free coffeehouse environment that is safe and comfortable. LCVFSF’s goal is to make vet-erans’ transition to civilian life easier and safer by providing support from those who have been there in the past. Their vision is to embed 100 percent free and confidential care for Lake County veterans, reservists, guards-men, and their families—regardless of their discharge status—into the community through a network of veteran volunteers, veteran peer- to-peer specialists, and critical community re-sources. 
Mr. Speaker, I applaud the LCVFSF Board 
of Directors and staff on the opening of this new facility to help veterans and families in their time of need. I look forward to working with them in the future as they bring employ-ment and peer support services to the vet-erans of Illinois’ 10th District. 
f 
CONGRATULATING BLAIR OAKS 
HIGH SCHOOL ON ITS BRONZE MEDAL AWARD 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 14, 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to ask my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating Blair Oaks High School on its Bronze Medal Award as a top Missouri High School from U.S. News and World Report. 
This school’s administration, teachers, and 
students should be commended for all of their hard work throughout the past year and for their commitment to education. 
I ask you to join me in recognizing Blair 
Oaks High School for a job well done. HONORING MARI ´A DEHARO ON 
THE OCCASION OF HER RETIRE-MENT AS DIRECTOR OF MI-GRANT EDUCATION FOR THE RIVERSIDE COUNTY OFFICE OF EDUCATION 
HON. RAUL RUIZ 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 14, 2015 
Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to con-
gratulate Mrs. Deharo on her well-deserved retirement as Director of Migrant Education, after 35 years of educational service in various capacities in Coachella Valley, especially on behalf of migrant farmworkers families and children in Riverside County. 
For more than thirty years, Mrs. Deharo 
dedicated both her career and her life to im-proving the lives of hundreds of migrant chil-dren and their families. In the face of adver-sity, and despite a chronic lack of resources, Mrs. Deharo has successfully helped students graduate from high school and attend college, enhancing not only their lives, but their com-munity as a whole. 
Mrs. Deharo’s involvement with students 
goes beyond the classroom. She routinely par-ticipated in countless student and family events, from after-school tutoring and summer college institutes, to home visits. Mrs. Deharo vision to bring services to students in their communities became a reality when she fought and received funding for a bookmobile, which helps migrant children and families by strengthening their literacy skills through com-puter training, story time, arts and crafts and free books. 
In her long and successful career, Mrs. 
Deharo, worked as a teacher for ten years at the Coachella Valley Unified School District, she was a School Facilitator for three years, Bilingual Coordinator for three years, and a Principal for 9 years. Mrs. Deharo also served as the Riverside County Office of Education Director of Migrant Education for 11 years. As proof of her achievement and leadership, county offices and district from across the great state of California have requested her assistance with their migrant education pro-grams. 
Mrs. Deharo understands firsthand the dif-
ficulties that these children face. Having some-one like Mrs. Deharo by our side is a blessing and an inspiration to achieve the American Dream. 
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of all the thousands 
of children and families that had the oppor-tunity to work with Mrs. Deharo, and the resi-dents of California’s 36th Congressional Dis-trict, I would like to offer my sincerest thanks and congratulate Mrs. Deharo for her passion and pride for educational excellence. I wish her well in her well-deserved retirement. 
f 
HONORING MAINE VETERAN SAM-
UEL ALDERETE FOR HEROIC SERVICE IN WWII 
HON. CHELLIE PINGREE 
OF MAINE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 14, 2015 
Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate one of my constituents—94-year- old Samuel Alderete of Topsham, Maine—on 
receiving the prestigious French Legion of Honour and to applaud the courageous ac-tions for which it is being awarded. 
As a young Army warrant officer in WWII, 
Mr. Alderete fought his way across France, Belgium, and Germany with the 980th Field Artillery Battalion. He fought in and survived the infamous Battle of the Bulge. The actions of Mr. Alderete and his brothers in arms, many of whom didn’t make it home, directly contrib-uted to the liberation of France. I sincerely thank the French Government for recognizing Mr. Alderete and other American veterans who fought to save the French people. 
I am deeply grateful for Mr. Alderete’s brave 
service—both in WWII and his later combat experience in Korea—and also admire him for exhibiting the kind of humility that character-izes the Maine veterans I’ve had the pleasure of meeting. When asked for any heroic actions or battles he participated in, Mr. Alderete sim-ply replies, ‘‘Nothing heroic. Just soldiered in combat.’’ 
Despite Mr. Alderete’s assertion, Mr. Speak-
er, I find his actions to be quite heroic. He fought with courage and honor at great per-sonal danger, in terrible conditions, far from home. The 70 years that have passed since then have done nothing to diminish his distin-guished service. I wholeheartedly congratulate him on receiving this well-deserved honor from the French people. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ANNA G. ESHOO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 14, 2015 
Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I was not 
present during roll call vote number 434 on July 13, 2015, due to a flight delay. 
On roll call vote no. 434 I would have voted 
YES. 
f 
HONORING ALBUQUERQUE SOL 
HON. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM 
OF NEW MEXICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 14, 2015 
Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New 
Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend all those involved in assembling a remarkable and successful professional international soc-cer match that took place in Albuquerque, New Mexico on Saturday, June 27, 2015 be-tween Lobos de la BUAP of Ascenso, Mexico and Albuquerque Sol Football Club (FC) of the Premier Development League. 
The Sore No More Summer Clasico was or-
ganized by PinVaca & Associates, LLC, a local sports marketing firm committed to bring-ing quality sporting events to New Mexico. Under the leadership of New Mexico State Representative Antonio ‘‘Moe’’ Maestas, a local company which manufactures and dis-tributes a natural pain relieving gel, ‘‘Sore No More,’’ agreed to be the title sponsor. 
Professional Club de Futbol Lobos de la 
Benemerita Universidad Autonoma de Puebla is based in Puebla, Mexico and is a profes-sional team representing the Autonomous Uni-versity of Puebla. The club conducted a youth 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14JY8.022 E14JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1068 July 14, 2015 
soccer clinic while in Albuquerque and brought 
several dignitaries from Puebla, including the University President. 
Lobos de la BUAP felt right at home, as the 
club’s mascot is also the mascot of the Uni-versity of New Mexico—where the match was played. 
Albuquerque Sol FC was founded in 2013 
by Ron Patel, a native of Liverpool, England who played soccer with his local team, grew up playing soccer with his dad in the front yard and watching his national team compete for the European and World Cups. His passion for ‘‘the beautiful game’’ has contributed great-ly to Albuquerque’s growing soccer culture. 
The fans in attendance were treated to an 
exciting match featuring world class play. Both teams demonstrated exceptional defense and attacking offense that ended in a 0–0 draw. This type of competition brings the community together and emphasizes to New Mexico’s youth the importance of dedication, teamwork and camaraderie. We look forward to more international friendlies in the future. I thank the sponsors for reaching out to talented soccer clubs around the world and bringing them to New Mexico. 
f 
REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF 
FRANK E. MILLER 
HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 14, 2015 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise to remem-
ber the life and achievements of Frank E. Mil-ler, who passed from this life at the dawn of Spring, not long after the first ships began ar-riving after winter’s break. Frank was instru-mental in the development of Toledo, Ohio’s seaport. 
Frank Miller was born in Marion, Ohio in 
1929 to Carl and Alverta Miller. He married his wife Vera in 1951 and together they raised three children, Gary, Brian and Linda. Frank 
served in the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers during the Korean War. After coming home, he moved to Toledo, Ohio to work as a crane operator. 
In 1962 he became an equipment operator 
and overseas docks supervisor for the Toledo Lucas County Port Authority. With his 1976 appointment as Director of the Seaport Frank moved the port forward to become a major seaport both domestically and internationally. His claim to fame was as ‘‘the man behind the seaport’s ‘Big Lucas’ gantry crane. He de-signed and operated the large cargo handling crane for many years and taught many others to do the same.’’ Frank was a pathbreaking, early leader for development of Toledo’s Port, its cranes and storage capacity, now the busi-est on the lower Great Lakes. He mounted the equipment and literally, made the Port hum with activity. He was an enthusiastic, perse-vering advocate for the Port and its global po-tential. 
Frank was a leader in the Association of 
Great Lakes Ports and served as a director of the American Association of Port Authorities. He also was a self published author and good humored observer of everyday life. 
After leaving his imprimatur on the Toledo 
Lucas County Port Authority, Frank started his own business, Toledo World Industries located in Toledo’s East Side. He was also owner and publisher of Business Venture Magazine until his retirement in the 1990s. 
A community leader, Frank Miller also found 
time to enjoy ‘‘golf, Ohio State University foot-ball, Detroit Red Wings hockey and spending time on the docks at the Port Authority.’’ Most important was his family and he was a sup-portive grandpa to his five grandchildren. 
To Vera, their children, grandchildren and 
great-grandchild, we offer our prayers that they find comfort in their memories of a won-derful, devoted man who understood what it takes to create a close family and an enter-prising community. HONORING APHRODITE LOUTAS 
HON. MIKE QUIGLEY 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 14, 2015 
Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the distinguished career of Aphrodite Loutas. After over 28 years of government service, Ms. Loutas will be retiring as Chief of Staff for U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services. 
A Chicago resident since 1972, Ms. Loutas 
began her outstanding career with Immigration and Naturalization Services in 1987 as a Su-pervisory Legalization Officer for the Legaliza-tion Program. She joined the District in 1990 as Immigration Examiner and became a su-pervisor in citizenship from 1991 through 1997. In 1997, she was asked to serve in headquarters for a year as Central Region Co-ordinator for the Headquarters Office of Natu-ralization Operations. 
In 1999, Ms. Loutas was appointed to Spe-
cial Assistant to the District Director in the Chi-cago district in and contributed to that capacity until 2005. 
Ms. Loutas then served as the Assistant Di-
rector for Mission Support, where she worked diligently to secure America’s promise as a nation of immigrants and ensure the integrity of our immigration system to constituents. She was named Chief of Staff of the Chicago’s 14th District office in 2009. In 2011, she was honored with the United States Citizenship and Immigration Services Director’s Heritage Award for her outstanding service and dedica-tion. 
I invite my colleagues to join me in honoring 
Aphrodite Loutas for the work she has done for the 14th District, her community, and this great nation. I thank her for her invaluable service, and wish her well in all future endeav-ors. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14JY8.026 E14JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D819 Tuesday, July 14, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S5021–S5090 
Measures Introduced: Twelve bills and one resolu-
tion were introduced, as follows: S. 1754–1765, and S. Res. 223.
                                                                  Page S5061 
Measures Passed: 
Adoptive Family Relief Act: Senate passed S. 
1300, to amend the section 221 of the Immigration and Nationality Act to provide relief for adoptive families from immigrant visa fees in certain situa-tions.
                                                                                Page S5057 
Syrian War Crimes Accountability Act: Senate 
passed S. 756, to require a report on accountability for war crimes and crimes against humanity in Syria. 
                                                                                    Pages S5088–89 
Need-Based Educational Aid Act: Senate passed 
S. 1482, to improve and reauthorize provisions relat-ing to the application of the antitrust laws to the award of need-based educational aid.
      Pages S5089–90 
World Refugee Day: Senate agreed to S. Res. 
204, recognizing June 20, 2015 as ‘‘World Refugee Day’’.
                                                                                Page S5090 
National Child Awareness Month: Senate agreed 
to S. Res. 223, designating September 2015 as ‘‘Na-tional Child Awareness Month’’ to promote aware-ness of charities benefitting children and youth-serv-ing organizations throughout the United States and 
recognizing the efforts made by those charities and organizations on behalf of children and youth as crit-ical contributions to the future of the United States. 
                                                                                            Page S5090 
Measures Considered: 
Every Child Achieves Act—Agreement: Senate 
continued consideration of S. 1177, to reauthorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves, taking ac-tion on the following amendments proposed thereto: 
                                                                                    Pages S5023–59 
Adopted: 
By 56 yeas to 40 nays (Vote No. 233), Bennet 
(for Booker) Amendment No. 2169 (to Amendment No. 2089), to require a State’s report card to include information on the graduation rates of homeless chil-
dren and children in foster care.
                Pages S5033–35 
Alexander (for Portman/Coons) Amendment No. 
2137 (to Amendment No. 2089), to provide for early college high school and dual or concurrent en-rollment opportunities.
                     Pages S5033–34, S5035 
Bennet Amendment No. 2159 (to Amendment 
No. 2089), to amend title IV regarding family en-gagement in education programs.
      Pages S5033, S5035 
By a unanimous vote of 97 yeas (Vote No. 234), 
Isakson/Ayotte Amendment No. 2194 (to Amend-ment No. 2089), to require local educational agen-cies to inform parents of any State or local edu-cational agency policy, procedure, or parental right regarding student participation in any mandated as-sessments for that school year.
       Pages S5039–40, S5045 
Bennet Amendment No. 2210 (to Amendment 
No. 2089), to require States to establish a limit on the aggregate amount of time spent on assessments. 
                                                                            Pages S5033, S5045 
Rejected: 
By 45 yeas to 51 nays (Vote No. 232), Alexander 
(for Scott) Amendment No. 2132 (to Amendment No. 2089), to expand opportunity by allowing Title I funds to follow low-income children. (A unani-mous-consent agreement was reached providing that the amendment, having failed to achieve 60 affirma-
tive votes, was not agreed to.)
      Pages S5023, S5027–33,
S5034 
By 32 yeas to 64 nays (Vote No. 235), Lee/Paul 
Amendment No. 2162 (to Amendment No. 2089), to amend the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 relating to parental notification and opt-out of assessments.
                Pages S5038–39, S5045–46 
By 52 yeas to 45 nays (Vote No. 236), Murray 
(for Franken) Amendment No. 2093 (to Amendment No. 2089), to end discrimination based on actual or perceived sexual orientation or gender identity in public schools. (A unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that the amendment, having failed to achieve 60 affirmative votes, was not agreed to.) 
                                                   Pages S5023, S5040–45, S5046–47 
Pending: 
Alexander/Murray Amendment No. 2089, in the 
nature of a substitute.                                              Page S5023 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14JY5.REC D14JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D820 July 14, 2015 
Murray (for Peters) Amendment No. 2095 (to 
Amendment No. 2089), to allow local educational agencies to use parent and family engagement funds for financial literacy activities.
            Pages S5023, S5049 
Murray (for Warren/Gardner) Amendment No. 
2120 (to Amendment No. 2089), to amend section 1111(d) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 regarding the cross-tabulation of stu-
dent data.
                                                                       Page S5023 
Alexander (for Kirk) Amendment No. 2161 (to 
Amendment No. 2089), to ensure that States meas-ure and report on indicators of student access to crit-ical educational resources and identify disparities in such resources.
                                                             Page S5023 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding for further consideration of the bill at ap-proximately 9:30 a.m., with the time until the vote on the motion to invoke cloture on Alexander/Mur-ray Amendment No. 2089 (listed above) equally di-vided in the usual form; and that the filing deadline for all second-degree amendments to Alexander/Mur-ray Amendment No. 2089, and to the bill, be at 10 a.m.
                                                                                   Page S5090 
Hire More Heroes Act—Cloture : Senate began 
consideration of the motion to proceed to consider-ation of H.R. 22, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health cov-erage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administra-tion from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act.
                                                Page S5057 
A motion was entered to close further debate on 
the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill, and, in accordance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on clo-ture will occur on Thursday, July 16, 2015. 
                                                                                            Page S5057 
Subsequently, the motion to proceed was with-
drawn.                                                                               Page S5057 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-
lowing nominations: 
Romonia S. Dixon, of Arizona, to be a Member 
of the Board of Directors of the Corporation for Na-tional and Community Service for a term expiring October 6, 2018.
                                        Pages S5088, S5090 
Victoria Ann Hughes, of Virginia, to be a Mem-
ber of the Board of Directors of the Corporation for National and Community Service for a term expiring October 6, 2016.
                                        Pages S5088, S5090 
Richard Christman, of Kentucky, to be a Member 
of the Board of Directors of the Corporation for Na-tional and Community Service for a term expiring October 6, 2017.
                                        Pages S5088, S5090 Eric P. Liu, of Washington, to be a Member of 
the Board of Directors of the Corporation for Na-tional and Community Service for a term expiring December 27, 2017.
                                 Pages S5088, S5090 
Dean A. Reuter, of Virginia, to be a Member of 
the Board of Directors of the Corporation for Na-tional and Community Service for a term expiring September 14, 2016.
                                Pages S5088, S5090 
Shamina Singh, of New York, to be a Member of 
the Board of Directors of the Corporation for Na-tional and Community Service for a term expiring October 6, 2019.
                                        Pages S5088, S5090 
Messages from the House:                         Pages S5060–61 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S5061 
Measures Placed on the Calendar:               Page S5061 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                                    Page S5061 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S5061–63 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                            Page S5063 
Additional Statements:                                         Page S5060 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S5063–87 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S5087 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S5087 
Record Votes: Five record votes were taken today. 
(Total—236)                                      Pages S5034–35, S5045–47 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 7:39 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Wednes-day, July 15, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S5090.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
NOMINATIONS 
Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine the nominations of General Paul J. Selva, USAF, to be Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and General Darren W. McDew, USAF, to be commander of the U.S. Transportation Command, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. 
CURES FOR AMERICA’S MOST DEADLY 
DISEASES 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: 
Committee concluded a hearing to examine unlocking the cures for America’s most deadly dis-eases, after receiving testimony from former Senator Tom Coburn; Christopher Frangione, XPRIZE, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14JY5.REC D14JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D821 July 14, 2015 
Washington, D.C.; Peter W. Huber, Manhattan In-
stitute, Hanover, New Hampshire; and Keith R. Yamamoto, University of California, San Francisco. 
ISLANDED ENERGY SYSTEMS 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee 
concluded an oversight hearing to examine islanded energy systems, focusing on energy and infrastruc-ture challenges and opportunities in Alaska, Hawaii and the United States Territories, after receiving tes-timony from former Representative Robert A. Underwood, University of Guam, Mangilao; Esther P. Kia’aina, Assistant Secretary of the Interior for In-sular Areas; Mark Glick, Hawaii Department of Business, Economic Development, and Tourism State Energy Administrator, Honolulu; Hugo V. Hodge, Jr., Virgin Islands Water and Power Authority Exec-
utive Director, Charlotte Amalie, on behalf of the Caribbean Electric Utilities Service Corporation; and Meera Kohler, Alaska Village Electric Cooperative, Inc., Anchorage. CHALLENGES AND OPPORTUNITIES FOR 
SMALL BUSINESSES ENGAGED IN ENERGY DEVELOPMENT 
Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: Com-
mittee concluded a hearing to examine challenges and opportunities for small businesses engaged in energy development and energy intensive manufac-turing, after receiving testimony from Toby Mack, Energy Equipment and Infrastructure Alliance, Kateri Callahan, The Alliance to Save Energy, and Tyson Slocum, Public Citizen, all of Washington, D.C.; and Neil Aspinwall, SOWELA Technical Community College, Lake Charles, Louisiana. 
INTELLIGENCE 
Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee held closed 
hearings on intelligence matters, receiving testimony from officials of the intelligence community. 
Committee recessed subject to the call. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 15 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 3048, 3050–3063; and 2 resolutions, H. Con. Res. 62; and H. Res. 361 were introduced. 
                                                                                    Pages H5171–72 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H5172–73 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: 
Supplemental report on H.R. 2898, to provide 
drought relief in the State of California, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–197, Part 2); 
H.R. 432, to amend the Investment Advisers Act 
of 1940 to prevent duplicative regulation of advisers of small business investment companies (H. Rept. 114–199); 
H.R. 1334, to amend the Securities Exchange Act 
of 1934 to make the shareholder threshold for reg-istration of savings and loan holding companies the same as for bank holding companies (H. Rept. 114–200); 
H.R. 1723, to direct the Securities and Exchange 
Commission to revise Form S–1 so as to permit smaller reporting companies to use forward incorpo-ration by reference for such form (H. Rept. 114–201); 
H.R. 1847, to amend the Securities Exchange Act 
of 1934 and the Commodity Exchange Act to repeal the indemnification requirements for regulatory au-thorities to obtain access to swap data required to be 
provided by swaps entities under such Acts, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–202, Part 1); 
H.R. 2064, to amend certain provisions of the se-
curities laws relating to the treatment of emerging growth companies, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–203); 
H. Res. 362, providing for consideration of the 
bill (H.R. 2898) to provide drought relief in the State of California, and for other purposes, and pro-viding for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3038) to provide an extension of Federal-aid highway, high-way safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–204); and 
H.R. 3049, making appropriations for Agri-
culture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Admin-istration, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–205).
                                                Page H5171 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Curbelo (FL) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                          Page H5119 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:37 a.m. and re-
convened at 12 noon.                                               Page H5123 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules 
and pass the following measures: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14JY5.REC D14JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D822 July 14, 2015 
Homes for Heroes Act of 2015: H.R. 251, to 
transfer the position of Special Assistant for Veterans Affairs in the Department of Housing and Urban Development to the Office of the Secretary, by a 
2⁄3 
yea-and-nay vote of 412 yeas to 1 nay, Roll No. 435;
                                                             Pages H5130–32, H5150 
Housing Assistance Efficiency Act: H.R. 1047, 
to authorize private nonprofit organizations to ad-minister permanent housing rental assistance pro-vided through the Continuum of Care Program under the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act;
                                                                           Pages H5132–34 
Preservation Enhancement and Savings Oppor-
tunity Act of 2015: H.R. 2482, to amend the Low- 
Income Housing Preservation and Resident Home-ownership Act of 1990;
                                 Pages H5134–35 
Private Investment in Housing Act of 2015: 
H.R. 2997, to authorize the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development to carry out a demonstra-tion program to enter into budget-neutral, perform-ance-based contracts for energy and water conserva-tion improvements for multifamily residential units, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 395 yeas to 28 nays, 
Roll No. 436;                                   Pages H5135–37, H5150–51 
Mortgage Servicing Asset Capital Requirements 
Act of 2015: H.R. 1408, amended, to require certain 
Federal banking agencies to conduct a study of the appropriate capital requirements for mortgage serv-icing assets for nonsystemic banking institutions; 
                                                                                    Pages H5137–40 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read ‘‘To re-
quire certain Federal banking agencies to conduct a study of the appropriate capital requirements for mortgage servicing assets for banking institutions, and for other purposes.’’.
                                       Page H5140 
SBIC Advisers Relief Act of 2015: H.R. 432, to 
amend the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 to pre-vent duplicative regulation of advisers of small busi-ness investment companies;
                          Pages H5140–42 
Holding Company Registration Threshold 
Equalization Act of 2015: H.R. 1334, to amend the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to make the share-holder threshold for registration of savings and loan holding companies the same as for bank holding 
companies;
                                                             Pages H5142–44 
Small Company Simple Registration Act of 
2015: H.R. 1723, to direct the Securities and Ex-
change Commission to revise Form S–1 so as to per-mit smaller reporting companies to use forward in-corporation by reference for such form, by a 
2⁄3yea- 
and-nay vote of 426 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 437;
                                  Pages H5144–45, H5151–52 Swap Data Repository and Clearinghouse In-
demnification Correction Act of 2015: H.R. 1847, 
amended, to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the Commodity Exchange Act to repeal the indemnification requirements for regulatory au-thorities to obtain access to swap data required to be provided by swaps entities under such Acts; and 
                                                                                    Pages H5145–47 
Improving Access to Capital for Emerging 
Growth Companies Act: H.R. 2064, amended, to 
amend certain provisions of the securities laws relat-ing to the treatment of emerging growth companies. 
                                                                                    Pages H5147–49 
Suspension—Proceedings Postponed: The House 
debated the following measure under suspension of the rules. Further proceedings were postponed. 
Breast Cancer Awareness Commemorative Coin 
Act: H.R. 2722, amended, to require the Secretary 
of the Treasury to mint coins in recognition of the fight against breast cancer.
                           Pages H5127–30 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes de-
veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H5150, H5150–51 and H5151. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 6:18 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE 
Committee on Agriculture: Full Committee held a 
markup on H.R. 1599, the ‘‘Safe and Accurate Food Labeling Act of 2015’’. H.R. 1599 was ordered re-ported, as amended. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE 
Committee on Appropriations: Full Committee held a 
markup on the Homeland Security Appropriations Bill for FY 2016. The Homeland Security Appro-priations Bill for FY 2016 was ordered reported, as amended. 
OVERSIGHT OF PIPELINE SAFETY, 
REGULATORY CERTAINTY, AND JOB CREATION ACT OF 2011 AND RELATED ISSUES 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Energy and Power held a hearing entitled ‘‘Over-sight of Pipeline Safety, Regulatory Certainty, and Job Creation Act of 2011 and Related Issues’’. Testi-mony was heard from Stacy Cummings, Interim Ex-ecutive Director, Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration; Dianne Black, Assistant Di-rector of Planning and Development, County of Santa Barbara, California; and public witnesses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14JY5.REC D14JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D823 July 14, 2015 
MEDICARE PART D: MEASURES NEEDED TO 
STRENGTHEN PROGRAM INTEGRITY 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Oversight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Medicare Part D: Measures Needed to Strengthen Program Integrity’’. Testimony was heard from Ann Maxwell, Assistant Inspector General, Evaluation and Inspections, Office of Inspector General, Department of Health and Human Services; and Shantanu Agrawal, M.D., Deputy Administrator and Director, Center for Program Integrity, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services. 
FED OVERSIGHT: LACK OF 
TRANSPARENCY AND ACCOUNTABILITY 
Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on 
Oversight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Fed Oversight: Lack of Transparency and Account-ability’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
IMPLICATIONS OF A NUCLEAR 
AGREEMENT WITH IRAN: PART II 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘Implications of a Nuclear Agree-ment with Iran: Part II’’. Testimony was heard from former Senator Lieberman; and public witnesses. 
THE EUROPEAN UNION’S FUTURE 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Eu-
rope, Eurasia, and Emerging Threats held a hearing entitled ‘‘The European Union’s Future’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
TUNISIA’S FRAGILE DEMOCRATIC 
TRANSITION 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on the 
Middle East and North Africa held a hearing enti-tled ‘‘Tunisia’s Fragile Democratic Transition’’. Tes-timony was heard from public witnesses. 
SECURING THE MARITIME BORDER: THE 
FUTURE OF CBP AIR AND MARINE 
Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on 
Border and Maritime Security held a hearing entitled ‘‘Securing the Maritime Border: The Future of CBP Air and Marine’’. Testimony was heard from Ran-dolph D. Alles, Assistant Commissioner, Office of Air and Marine, U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion, Department of Homeland Security; and John Roth, Inspector General, Office of Inspector General, Department of Homeland Security. WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION: 
BOLSTERING DHS TO COMBAT PERSISTENT THREATS TO AMERICA 
Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on Cy-
bersecurity, Infrastructure Protection, and Security Technologies; and Subcommittee on Emergency Pre-paredness, Response, and Communications, held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘Weapons of Mass Destruc-tion: Bolstering DHS to Combat Persistent Threats to America’’. Testimony was heard from the fol-lowing Department of Homeland Security officials: Reginald Brothers, Under Secretary for Science and Technology; Kathryn Brinsfield, Assistant Secretary, Office of Health Affairs; and Huban Gowadia, Direc-tor, Domestic Nuclear Detection Office; and public witnesses. 
OVERSIGHT OF THE UNITED STATES 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY 
Committee on the Judiciary: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the United States De-partment of Homeland Security’’. Testimony was heard from Jeh Johnson, Secretary of Homeland Se-curity, Department of Homeland Security. 
THE FUNDAMENTAL ROLE OF SAFE 
SEISMIC SURVEYING IN OCS ENERGY EXPLORATION AND DEVELOPMENT 
Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on En-
ergy and Mineral Resources held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Fundamental Role of Safe Seismic Surveying in OCS Energy Exploration and Development’’. Testi-mony was heard from Abigail Ross Hopper, Direc-tor, Bureau of Ocean Energy Management, Depart-ment of the Interior; and public witnesses. 
LEGISLATIVE MEASURES 
Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on Fed-
eral Lands held a hearing on H.R. 2270, the ‘‘Billy Frank Jr. Tell Your Story Act’’; and a discussion draft of the ‘‘Lake Tahoe Restoration Act of 2015’’. Testimony was heard from Representatives Heck of Washington and Amodei; Leslie Weldon, Deputy Chief, National Forest System, U.S. Forest Service, Department of Agriculture; and a public witness. 
CRIMINAL JUSTICE REFORM, PART I 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full 
Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Criminal Justice Reform, Part I’’. Testimony was heard from Senators Cornyn and Booker; Representatives Sensenbrenner and Scott of Virginia; Robert Bentley, Governor, Alabama; and Jack Markell, Governor, Delaware. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14JY5.REC D14JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D824 July 14, 2015 
WESTERN WATER AND AMERICAN FOOD 
SECURITY ACT OF 2015; HIGHWAY AND 
TRANSPORTATION FUNDING ACT OF 2015, PART II 
Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on 
H.R. 2898, the ‘‘Western Water and American Food Security Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 3038, the ‘‘High-way and Transportation Funding Act of 2015, Part II’’. The committee granted, by voice vote, a struc-tured rule for H.R. 2898. The rule provides one hour of general debate equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Natural Resources. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule makes in order as original text for pur-pose of amendment an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Com-mittee Print 114–23 and provides that it shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against that amendment in the nature of a substitute. The rule makes in order only those fur-ther amendments printed in the Rules Committee report. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be con-sidered as read, shall be debatable for the time speci-fied in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amendments printed in the report. The rule provides one motion to recom-mit with or without instructions. Additionally, the rule granted a closed rule for H.R. 3038. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided among and controlled by the chairs and ranking minority members of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Ways and Means. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the bill shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill. The rule provides one motion to recommit. Testimony was heard from Chairman Shuster, Chairman Ryan of Wisconsin, and Representatives McClintock, Huffman, Costa, and Levin. 
ADVANCING COMMERCIAL WEATHER 
DATA: COLLABORATIVE EFFORTS TO IMPROVE FORECASTS, PART II 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Sub-
committee on Environment held a hearing entitled ‘‘Advancing Commercial Weather Data: Collabo-rative Efforts to Improve Forecasts, Part II’’. Testi-mony was heard from Manson Brown, Deputy Ad-ministrator, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-
ministration. 
LEGISLATIVE MEASURES 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Subcommittee on 
Health held a hearing on H.R. 272, the ‘‘Medal of Honor Priority Care Act’’; H.R. 353, the ‘‘Veterans’ Access to Hearing Health Act of 2015’’; H.R. 359, the ‘‘Veterans Dog Training Therapy Act’’; H.R. 421, the ‘‘Classified Veterans Access to Care Act’’; H.R. 423, the ‘‘Newborn Care Improvement Act’’; H.R. 1356, the ‘‘Women Veterans Access to Quality Care Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1688, to amend the Vet-erans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 to designate 20 graduate medical education residency positions specifically for the study of op-tometry; H.R. 1862, the ‘‘Veterans’ Credit Protec-tion Act’’; H.R. 2464, the ‘‘Demanding Account-ability for Veterans Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2914, the ‘‘Build a Better VA Act’’; H.R. 2915, the ‘‘Female Veteran Suicide Prevention Act’’; H.R. 3016, to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify the role of podiatrists in the Department of Veterans Af-fairs; and draft legislation to authorize VA major medical facility construction projects for FY 2015 and to make certain improvements in the adminis-tration of VA medical facility construction projects. Testimony was heard from Representatives Walberg, Duffy, Stivers, Sinema, Collins of Georgia, Coffman, Denham, Boustany, and Wenstrup; Madhulika Agarwal, M.D., Deputy Under Secretary for Health for Policy and Services, Veterans Health Administra-tion, Department of Veterans Affairs; Janet P. Mur-phy, Acting Deputy Under Secretary for Health for Operations and Management, Veterans Health Ad-ministration, Department of Veterans Affairs; and public witnesses. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, 
JULY 15, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: to 
hold hearings to examine the Consumer Financial Protec-tion Bureau’s semi-annual report to Congress, 10 a.m., SD–538. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub-
committee on Consumer Protection, Product Safety, In-surance, and Data Security, to hold hearings to examine the governance and integrity of international soccer, 2:30 p.m., SR–253. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14JY5.REC D14JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D825 July 14, 2015 
Full Committee, business meeting to consider S. 1732, 
to authorize elements of the Department of Transpor-tation, 4:45 p.m., SR–253. 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: to hold hear-
ings to examine the nominations of Kristen Marie Kulinowski, of New York, to be a Member of the Chem-ical Safety and Hazard Investigation Board for a term of five years, and Gregory Guy Nadeau, of Maine, to be Ad-ministrator of the Federal Highway Administration, De-partment of Transportation, 9:30 a.m., SD–406. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on West-
ern Hemisphere, Transnational Crime, Civilian Security, Democracy, Human Rights, and Global Women’s Issues, to hold hearings to examine United States policy towards Haiti prior to the elections; to be immediately followed by a full committee hearing to examine the nominations of Perry L. Holloway, of South Carolina, to be Ambas-sador to the Co-operative Republic of Guyana, Laura Farnsworth Dogu, of Texas, to be Ambassador to the Re-public of Nicaragua, Roberta S. Jacobson, of Maryland, to be Ambassador to the United Mexican States, and Peter F. Mulrean, of Massachusetts, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Haiti, 2:30 p.m., SD–419. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
to hold hearings to examine securing the border, focusing on understanding threats and strategies for the maritime border, 10 a.m., SD–342. 
Committee on Indian Affairs: to hold an oversight hear-
ing to examine juvenile justice in Indian Country, focus-ing on challenges and promising strategies, 2:15 p.m., SD–628. 
Special Committee on Aging: to hold hearings to examine 
diabetes research, focusing on improving lives on the path to a cure, 2:15 p.m., SD–G50. 
House 
Committee on Agriculture , Full Committee, hearing 
on recognizing the continuing contributions of the 1890s Land-Grant Universities on the 125th Anni-
versary of the passage of the Second Morrill Act, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. 
Subcommittee on Nutrition, hearing entitled ‘‘Past, 
Present, and Future of SNAP: Developing and Using Evi-dence-Based Solutions’’, 1:30 p.m., 1300 Longworth. 
Committee on Financial Services , Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Monetary Policy and the State of the Economy’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs , Subcommittee on Asia and 
the Pacific, hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Economic and Military Alliances in Asia’’, 1 p.m., 2200 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security , Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘The Rise of Radicalization: Is the U.S. Govern-ment Failing to Counter International and Domestic Ter-rorism?’’; markup on H.R. 2899, the ‘‘Countering Vio-lent Extremism Act of 2015’’, 10 a.m., 311 Cannon. 
Committee on the Judiciary , Full Committee, markup on 
H.R. 1656, the ‘‘Secret Service Improvements Act of 2015’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Regulatory Reform, Commercial and 
Antitrust Law, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight Hearing on the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs’’, 3 p.m., 2141 Rayburn. 
Committee on Natural Resources , Subcommittee on Energy 
and Mineral Resources, hearing entitled ‘‘The Future of Hydraulic Fracturing on Federally Managed Lands’’, 10:30 a.m., 1324 Longworth. 
Subcommittee on Indian, Insular and Alaska Native 
Affairs, hearing on H.R. 1028, the ‘‘Return of Certain Lands At Fort Wingate to The Original Inhabitants Act’’; H.R. 2684, the ‘‘Alabama-Coushatta Tribe of Texas Equal and Fair Opportunity Settlement Act’’; and H.R. 2733, the ‘‘Nevada Native Nations Lands Act’’, 2 p.m., 1324 Longworth. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform , Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Criminal Justice Reform, Part II’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Information Technology; and Sub-
committee on the Interior, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Cyber-security: The Department of the Interior’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology , Full Com-
mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Investigating Contract Mis-conduct at the National Weather Service’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
Committee on Small Business , Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Taking Flight: Small Business Utilization of Unmanned Aircraft’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs , Full Committee, markup 
on H.R. 1994, the ‘‘VA Accountability Act of 2015’’; hearing entitled ‘‘Exploring VA’s Administration of Indi-vidual Unemployability Benefits’’, 10 a.m., 334 Cannon. 
Committee on Ways and Means , Subcommittee on 
Human Resources, hearing on welfare reform proposals, specifically involving the reauthorization of the Tem-porary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF) program, 10:30 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Economic Committee: to hold hearings to examine 
what lower labor force participation rates tell us about work opportunities and incentives, 2:30 p.m., SD–562. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14JY5.REC D14JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD826 July 14, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
9:30 a.m., Wednesday, July 15 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Senate will continue consider-
ation of S. 1177, Every Child Achieves Act. At approxi-mately 10:30 a.m., Senate will vote on the motion to in-voke cloture on Alexander/Murray Amendment No. 2089. The filing deadline for all second-degree amendments to Alexander/Murray Amendment No. 2089, and to the bill, is at 10 a.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
10 a.m., Wednesday, July 15 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Begin consideration of H.R. 
2898—Western Water and American Food Security Act (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Beatty, Joyce, Ohio, E1062 
Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga., E1061 Blackburn, Marsha, Tenn., E1061 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E1064 Crenshaw, Ander, Fla., E1060 Dold, Robert J., Ill., E1067 Eshoo, Anna G., Calif., E1067 Farr, Sam, Calif., E1059 Hudson, Richard, N.C., E1060 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E1066 
Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E1068 Kind, Ron, Wisc., E1059 Luetkemeyer, Blaine, Mo., E1060, E1061, E1062, E1063, 
E1064, E1065, E1065, E1066, E1067 
Lujan Grisham, Michelle, N.M., E1067 Neal, Richard E., Mass., E1063 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, 
E1066 
Olson, Pete, Tex., E1065 Pallone, Frank, Jr., N.J., E1065 Perry, Scott, Pa., E1062 
Pingree, Chellie, Me., E1067 Pitts, Joseph R., Pa., E1060 Poe, Ted, Tex., E1064, E1066 Quigley, Mike, Ill., E1068 Ruiz, Raul, Calif., E1061, E1063, E1067 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E1059 Slaughter, Louise McIntosh, N.Y., E1063, E1065 Stivers, Steve, Ohio, E1065 Young, David, Iowa, E1062, E1064 Young, Todd C., Ind., E1063 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Jul 15, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D14JY5.REC D14JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST