Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H3313 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, MAY 19, 2015 No. 77 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. B
OST). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO 
TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
May 19, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable M IKEBOST 
to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 6, 2015, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
The Chair will alternate recognition 
between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. 
f 
WASTE, FRAUD, AND ABUSE IN 
AFGHANISTAN 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. J
ONES ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker, last week, 
The Washington Post ran a story ti-tled, ‘‘Defense Firm that Employed Drunk, High Contractors in Afghani-stan May Have Wasted $135 Million in Taxpayer Dollars,’’ by Colby Itkowitz. Colby writes: 
‘‘The defense contractor investigated 
in 2012 after cellphone videos surfaced of its employees drunk and high on drugs in Afghanistan may have mis-used almost $135 million of U.S. tax-
payer money, an audit finds.’’ 
The Hill further reported that: ‘‘The company also did not comply 
with Federal procurement law, the audit found.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, I have been coming 
down to this floor for weeks to high-light the waste, fraud, and abuse in Af-ghanistan, which John Sopko, the Spe-cial Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction, has reported is worse now than ever. 
The National Defense Authorization 
Act, which the House passed last week, 
authorized $42 billion for Afghanistan, which is one of the reasons I did not vote for the bill. 
Why do we continue to spend billions 
of American taxpayer dollars in Af-ghanistan when infrastructure all over the United States is rapidly deterio-rating? This past weekend, CBS’ ‘‘60 Minutes’’ ran a segment on America’s failing infrastructure and reported that 70,000 bridges in the United States have been deemed structurally deficient, ac-cording to the Federal Government. That is one bridge out of every nine. My constituents in eastern North Caro-lina continually experience frustration and concern over the Bonner Bridge, which is falling apart. This further highlights the waste and the failed pol-icy in Afghanistan. 
I know some Members of Congress 
will be upset that I am calling atten-tion to the reckless spending in Af-ghanistan the NDAA authorized, but then why doesn’t Congress stop sending billions of dollars to a failed state where young American men and women are being wounded and killed? Mr. Speaker, this includes the father of these two little girls who are on a post-er beside me. Their names are Eden and Stephanie Balduf. Their daddy, Ser-geant Kevin Balduf, was shot and killed in Afghanistan 2 years ago by the Afghan he was training. 
Mr. Speaker, it just gets worse and 
worse. Those wasted billions of dollars should be allocated to fix American 
bridges and roads from falling apart and endangering American citizens. It is the right thing to do. 
Mr. Speaker, let me remind the 
American people that, last year, the Obama administration signed a 10-year bilateral security agreement with Af-ghanistan strapping us with 10 more years of waste, fraud, and abuse; 10 more years of billions of dollars being wasted; 10 more years of young Ameri-cans being killed and wounded while the infrastructure in America is col-lapsing; 10 more years of veterans wor-rying about their benefits. There are so many needs here in America, so many needs that are not being met because we are wasting money overseas in Af-ghanistan. 
Mr. Speaker, Congress should debate 
and vote to stop the madness in Af-ghanistan on behalf of our soldiers and our men and women in uniform, their families, and the taxpayers of America. 
Mr. Speaker, it has been said many 
times that Afghanistan is a graveyard of empires. I hope there is a headstone for America because that is where we are heading, to the graveyard in Af-ghanistan. 
f 
TRANSPORTATION FUNDING 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, 
after a rocky start this Congress, we have seen some signs of progress. 
Earlier this session, the House lead-
ership allowed the process to work when all Democrats joined many Re-publicans to rescue Homeland Security from the potential disastrous shutdown by cutting off funds. 
Later, a decade-long struggle on the 
Medicare sustainable growth rate, the so-called doc fix, moved forward. An impasse that had lasted for years was 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:25 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY7.000 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3314 May 19, 2015 
broken, and the solution was over-
whelmingly approved by Members of both parties. 
Well, now, we are facing yet another 
impasse, one that has haunted us far longer than a decade, transportation funding. The authority to spend for surface transportation programs ex-pires May 31. 
Just as I predicted last summer, the 
stopgap approach that we approved then would put us right back in the same spot this spring, cutting badly needed transportation projects this summer and the jobs that go with them. 
America is falling apart and falling 
behind in part because you cannot pay for 2015 transportation needs with 1993 dollars, which was the last time we raised the gas tax. Thirty-two short- term funding extensions are evidence of a bipartisan failure for these 22 years to deal with the gas tax, and there is no meaningful alternative for transportation resources on the hori-zon. 
Ironically, the solution is clear, thor-
oughly studied and broadly supported: raise the gas tax for the first time since 1993. The House Republican lead-ership doesn’t have to do anything ex-traordinary, just allow the Ways and Means Committee to follow regular order. Let’s listen to the experts; invite the stakeholders that build, maintain, and use our transportation system. 
Listen to the heads of the AFL–CIO, 
the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, leaders in transit, truckers, AAA, bicyclists, all of whom agree with President Ei-senhower, who used the gas tax to start the highway trust fund and the inter-state freeway system, and President Ronald Reagan, who increased gas tax a nickel, more than doubling it in 1992. 
In fact, we can invite legislators from 
today. Six red Republican States have raised the gas tax already this year: Nebraska, Georgia, Idaho, Iowa, Utah, and South Dakota. State Senator Mi-chael Vehle comes to mind. 
The key is to have real hearings, like 
Congress used to conduct. Have a full week devoted to solving the transpor-tation funding crisis. Bring in the wit-nesses, grill them, test their thoughts and theories, discuss real solutions, not gimmicks or ideologically driven fan-tasies. 
Let’s have serious work sessions and 
a markup. President Obama could help by establishing a marker that he will approve no further extensions past Sep-tember 31. 
It will not be less complex, expen-
sive, or easier politically in 2016, 2017, or 2018. If this slides until 2016, which is the approach evidently favored by the Republican leadership, we will be struggling with this in the next Con-gress and the next administration. 
This does not have to be an exercise 
in futility. We are seeing the leader-ship exhibited all across the country with 20 States that have stepped up, and as I mentioned, six red States al-ready this year. Now is the time for Congress to do its 
job. In fact, if we do our job, taking the solution that has been thoroughly vet-ted, studied, and widely supported by interest groups across the political spectrum, we are going to be able to solve this funding conundrum. 
We will be able to rebuild and renew 
America, putting hundreds of thou-sands of people to work at family-wage jobs, while Congress helps make our families safer, healthier, and more eco-nomically secure. 
I strongly urge that the House reject 
the approach that would simply dodge this problem for 2 more months, then slide to the end of the year and beyond. We should call the question now, estab-lish the parameters. 
This is something that is long over-
due, that all of us can embrace, and America will be the better for it. 
f 
MENTAL HEALTH AWARENESS 
MONTH 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. H
OLDING ) for 5 
minutes. 
Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, the 
challenges we face today are different from the challenges we faced when Mental Health Awareness Month began decades ago, but now, it is more impor-tant than ever that we take time out of our busy schedules to speak about the prevalence of mental illness and under-stand the importance, as friends, as family members, and as a community, of discussing the common signs of men-tal illness. 
Mr. Speaker, you may be surprised to 
learn, as I was, that 1 in 5 adults expe-rience mental health problems each year; and, while each illness is unique, there are some common signs that you or a loved one could be suffering from mental illness, like difficulty concen-
trating or experiencing a change in sleeping habits. 
As parents, we must make an effort 
to talk to our children about their emotions and their mental health, just as we care for our children’s physical health, by encouraging them to eat well, get enough sleep, and exercise fre-quently. 
Without a doubt, Mr. Speaker, Amer-
ica is one of the most blessed countries in the world. We are all offered the op-portunities for life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. Raising healthy families, both physically and mentally, is one of the responsibilities that comes with those freedoms. 
You see, Mr. Speaker, the more 
voices we have speaking up about men-tal health, the better we can eliminate stigma surrounding mental health con-ditions. The National Alliance on Men-tal Illness of North Carolina is asking individuals in my home State, North Carolina, to see the person and not the illness and pledge to be stigma-free. 
It is time to end the silence and stig-
ma often linked with mental health conditions, and I join them happily in this effort. CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF B.B. 
KING 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. D
AVID SCOTT) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, ladies and gentlemen, B.B. King, a musical genius, has passed away. 
When B.B. King was just a little boy 
down in Indianola, Mississippi, he stood up in the middle of a cotton field, and he said: 
One day, somebody is going to stand up 
and sing about me and play the guitar about me. 
Then he said: 
You know, I reckon it will be myself. Yeah, 
I reckon it will be me. 
B.B. King went on to become a world-
wide icon of music; and people all over the world, regardless of race, creed, or color, appreciated and loved B.B. King. B.B. King influenced all the great ones, from Frank Sinatra to Elvis Presley; and Elvis Presley loved B.B. King. 
Aretha Franklin, Sam Cook, Eric 
Clapton, Mick Jagger, even the Beatles and Muddy Waters, Bo Diddley, all of these musical legends were influenced by B.B. King. 
b1015 
B.B. King sung about the deep things 
of life. He sung about love—love lost and love gained. B.B. King sang, and he played the blues. A unique American cultural, musical genre, B.B. King. 
Ladies and gentlemen, you know, 
B.B. King would say: 
Trouble in mind, I’m blue 
But I won’t be blue always ’Cause I know the sun’s gonna shine in my 
back door someday 
I am all alone at midnight, and the lights are 
burning low 
But the sun’s gonna shine in my back door 
someday. 
Mr. Speaker, the great classic of so 
many classics that he wrote and he sang was ‘‘The Thrill is Gone.’’ As he would say, ‘‘The thrill is gone away.’’ But, Mr. Speaker, the thrill of B.B. King and his life and his music and his great contributions as a genuine Amer-ican hero will live on and on for gen-erations to come. B.B. King’s music will live on, and Lucille, his guitar, will live on. 
Ladies and gentlemen, Mr. Speaker, 
we thank God, Jehovah God Almighty, for sending B.B. King our way. 
f 
IRAN 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, a 
large and respected Iranian expatriate community has settled in California, and it has been my privilege to get to know some of them in recent years. They are part of an international dias-pora of 5 million people who fled Iran after it fell to Islamic fascism 36 years 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:25 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.008 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3315 May 19, 2015 
ago. The stories they tell are blood-
curdling. 
One woman told of her cousin who 
had been rounded up in an antigovernment demonstration and taken to prison. After several years, the families were informed that their loved ones were to be released in the town square. When the excited families arrived for their long-awaited reunion, their sons were hanged before their eyes. 
A doctor told me of his college days 
in Paris. He called home to tell his brother in Tehran of an anti-Khomeini demonstration. His brother was promptly arrested, tortured, and im-prisoned for simply listening. 
Now, a few months ago, after many 
years of silence, the brother in Amer-ica received a call from his brother in Iran who wanted to tell him of the sim-mering unrest going on throughout that country. The American brother told him to shut up, to remember what happened the last time they had spo-ken so candidly. His brother in Tehran said: ‘‘I don’t care anymore. They can’t arrest all of us.’’ 
All of the Iranian expatriates I spoke 
with tell me the same thing: the eco-nomic sanctions and international iso-lation of the regime were bringing Iran to the brink of revolution. 
And this brings us to the President’s 
negotiation with Iran’s fascist Islamic regime. Any agreement between Iran’s leaders and the United States is mean-ingless because Iran’s leaders’ word is meaningless. Iran’s government is a notoriously untrustworthy rogue state that has made it unmistakably clear that it intends to acquire nuclear weapons and, once acquired, to use them. The only way to avert this nightmare, short of war, is for the re-gime to collapse from within. 
Over the last several years, the Ira-
nian opposition has grown dramati-cally for two reasons: there is a strong and growing perception among the Ira-nian people that the Iranian dictator-ship is a pariah in the international community, and the resulting inter-national economic sanctions have cre-ated conditions that make the regime’s overthrow imperative. 
At precisely this moment in history, 
Barack Obama did incalculable damage by initiating these negotiations. By en-gaging this rogue state, President Obama has given it international rec-ognition and legitimacy at just that moment when it had lost legitimacy in the eyes of its own people. Worse, by promising relief from economic sanc-tions, he has removed the most compel-ling reason the organized Iranian re-sistance had to justify the regime’s overthrow. 
It is not the outcome of the negotia-
tions that matters because any agree-ment with Iran’s conniving leaders is meaningless. It is the negotiations, themselves, that have greatly strengthened the regime, just when it was most vulnerable from growing op-position among its own people. Now, the House just passed H.R. 1191 
that purports to restore congressional oversight to these talks. I believe it completely missed the point. 
First, our Constitution requires that 
any treaty be approved by two-thirds of the Senate. Well, that wasn’t going to happen, so Mr. Obama simply rede-fined the prospective treaty as an agreement between leaders, an agree-ment with no force of law and no legal standing. 
I fear the Congress has just changed 
this equation by establishing a wholly extra-constitutional process that lends the imprimatur of Congress to these negotiations with no practical way to stop the lifting of sanctions. Instead of two-thirds of the Senate having to ap-prove a treaty, as the Constitution re-quires, this agreement takes effect automatically unless two-thirds of both Houses reject it—a complete sham. 
But worse, I fear this bill gives tacit 
approval to extremely harmful nego-tiations that Congress, instead, ought to vigorously condemn and unambig-uously repudiate. 
We can only hope that in the days 
ahead what Churchill called ‘‘the par-liamentary democracies’’ will regain the national leadership required to pre-vent these negotiations from producing what amounts to the Munich accords for the Middle East. That will require treating the Iranian dictatorship as the international pariah that it is, and it will require providing every ounce of moral and material support to the Ira-nian opposition that they need to rid their Nation of this fascist Islamic dic-tatorship, to restore their proud herit-age, and to retake their place among the civilized nations of the world. 
f 
POSITIVE TRAIN CONTROL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Q
UIGLEY ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, Mark 
Twain once said that ‘‘action speaks louder than words but not nearly as often.’’ 
Since last week’s tragic Amtrak ac-
cident, we have heard plenty of words about the need for stronger rail safety measures and investments in our infra-structure, but it is time for Congress to back up these words with action. It is time for Congress to put its money where its mouth is. 
We know how to prevent tragic acci-
dents like the one that happened on Amtrak last week. We even mandated new technology called positive train control that would have prevented it. But what Congress has refused to do is to pay to actually get it done. 
Positive train control is a game- 
changer for rail safety. The technology would have likely prevented 140 train accidents that have caused more than 280 deaths and $300 million in property damage since 1969. But this safety tech-nology is also incredibly complex and expensive to implement. We have man-dated technology that is expected to 
cost billions, and we are forcing the Nation’s railroads to foot the entire bill. 
Much of this last week’s focus has 
been on Amtrak, but despite last week’s accident, Amtrak is actually on target to implement positive train con-trol by the end of the year. 
For the already cash-strapped com-
muter railroads around the country, it is a completely different story. For them, Congress’ refusal to fund posi-tive train control has pretty much stopped implementation in its tracks. Expected to cost commuter railroads nearly $3.5 billion, it is no wonder that over 70 percent of commuter railroads won’t achieve positive train control implementation before this year’s deadline. 
Our commuter railroads are integral 
to the daily commute of millions of Americans. In fact, Amtrak’s annual ridership pales in comparison to our Nation’s commuter railroads. While Amtrak carries 30 million riders a year, commuter railroads carry close to 500 million. 
In the Chicago area alone, Metra’s 
ridership last year was over 80 million. With numbers like that, how can Con-gress justify mandating a policy that they know commuter railroads simply cannot afford while providing very lit-tle funding to help them do it? 
This unfunded mandate is forcing 
commuter rails to sacrifice other in-vestments that are crucial to railroad safety and efficiency. Fifty percent of commuter railroads are currently de-ferring other capital investments to implement positive train control. 
And what happens when the com-
muters aren’t able to implement this technology before the end of this year? They get penalized—fined. Instead of giving money to the commuters to pay for PTC, the Federal Government is ac-tually going to end up collecting money from them for not being able to afford to do so. 
For good reason, Congress mandated 
incredibly important and incredibly ex-pensive new technology. But it has amounted to a lot of words and very little action. 
The same 2008 law that mandated 
PTC also authorized $50 million a year in rail safety technology grants to help Amtrak and commuter railroads pay for this implementation, but in the 7 years since the law was passed, Con-gress has only appropriated funding once. 
Mr. Speaker, $50 million a year 
wasn’t enough then, and it is sure not enough now. That is why I introduced a bill with the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. L
IPINSKI ) in March to reauthorize 
PTC funding at $200 million a year. 
It is time for Congress to finish what 
it started. It is time for Congress to get serious about investing in our Nation’s transportation infrastructure. And it is time for Congress to help our com-muter railroads implement positive train control and prevent the kind of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:25 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.004 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3316 May 19, 2015 
tragedies that we saw on Amtrak last 
week. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MAX DEMBY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. T
IPTON ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor Mr. Max Demby. Mr. Demby is a former congressional intern from my office, a University of Colo-rado senior, and an outstanding young man of character who was recently rec-ognized by his community and local po-lice for an act of heroism when he stopped a sexual assault in progress on his school campus. 
Mr. Demby, who is from Cortez, Colo-
rado, is a dedicated student, pursuing a degree in accounting at CU. He fills his time outside of the classroom with ex-tracurricular activities such as intern-ships and also works as a Ralphie han-dler at CU, which involves helping to manage the school mascot. 
Late one evening, Mr. Demby was 
walking on campus when he happened to come across what looked to be an attempted sexual assault. Acting with bravery and determination, Mr. Demby took action and ran off the attacker. 
Referencing the confrontation with 
the attacker, Mr. Demby humbly stat-ed: ‘‘I was able to be in the right place at the right time and do the right thing.’’ By intervening, Max put him-self in harm’s way to help the victim, and his act of selflessness drastically reduced the irreparable damage that the criminal was intent on causing. 
Mr. Speaker, Mr. Demby’s selfless act 
should not go unnoticed. He serves as an admirable example of what young men of character should be. By putting others before himself and by inter-vening to stop a crime without hesi-tation, he made his community and campus a safer place. 
On behalf of the Third Congressional 
District and the State of Colorado, I would like to thank Mr. Demby for his selfless act of bravery. 
f 
HUNGER AMONG SENIORS 
GROWING IN AMERICA 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ) for 5 
minutes. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, at the 
end of March, I had the privilege of spending some time with the Highland Valley Elder Services’ Meals on Wheels program in Northampton, Massachu-setts, as part of their ‘‘March for Meals Month’’ to raise awareness about sen-ior hunger. 
I began my visit in the kitchen at the 
Walter Salvo Elder House, where an av-erage of 550 healthy meals are prepared from scratch every weekday for deliv-ery to homebound seniors and disabled residents of Hampshire County. 
I had the opportunity to chat with 
Highland Valley director Allan Ouimet and nutrition program director Nancy Mathers. Then I helped volunteer driv-
er Arthur Mongeon pack up the day’s meals in insulated coolers to keep the food hot. This day’s meal was home-made chicken covered in gravy, mashed potatoes, green beans, cran-berry sauce, applesauce, and milk. The food looked and smelled delicious and reminded me of what my grandmother used to make. 
I joined Arthur on his normal N1 
route, making stops at 15 homes in Northampton. At each stop, I had the opportunity to deliver the meal and chat with the residents. It was an eye- opening experience, and I thoroughly enjoyed hearing people’s stories. 
Each meal delivered contains one- 
third of the daily nutritional rec-ommendations. For many individuals, the meal they receive from Meals on Wheels is the only well-balanced meal they eat all day. 
b1030 
The individuals who receive these 
meals are low-income and often have significant health challenges that make it simply too difficult to prepare a full meal, never mind going out to the grocery store to shop. 
Mr. Speaker, one of the most inter-
esting things I learned from my visit is that Meals on Wheels is so much more than just a meals program. People who are homebound—many, who live alone—look forward to the brief, daily visits from the volunteers. These visits lift their spirits and allow them to so-cialize, and volunteers can check in and see how they are doing. Because of programs like Meals on Wheels, seniors can stay in their own homes where they are most comfortable and live independently longer. 
Mr. Speaker, when we talk about 
food insecurity in this country, nearly everybody talks about children, and we are right to want to do everything we can to end childhood hunger. But lost in that narrative is the reality that, among the food insecure, the rising population is seniors. One in twelve seniors in our country is faced with the reality of hunger. That is 5.3 million seniors who don’t have enough to eat. Many are living on fixed incomes that often force them to choose between prescriptions and food—or paying their medical bills or heating their homes. 
Seniors and the disabled represent 
about 20 percent of those who receive Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, or SNAP, benefits. The aver-age SNAP benefit for households with seniors is a meager $134 per month. Un-fortunately, we also know that eligible elderly households are much less likely to participate in SNAP than other eli-gible households. Many seniors may not realize that they qualify for assist-ance, or they may simply be reluctant to ask for help. 
Seniors have unique nutritional 
needs. Hunger is especially dangerous for seniors and can exacerbate under-lying medical conditions. Food-inse-cure seniors are at increased risk for conditions like depression, heart at-
tack, diabetes, and high blood pressure. 
Mr. Speaker, May is Older Americans 
Month, and national organizations like Feeding America, the nationwide net-work of food banks, are focused on rais-ing awareness about senior hunger through their #solveseniorhunger so-cial media campaign. 
In July, we will celebrate the 50th 
anniversary of the Older Americans Act, which provides a range of critical services, including Meals on Wheels, that enable about 11 million older adults to stay independent as long as possible. To honor that significant an-niversary, I hope that Congress will pass a strong reauthorization of OAA programs, which have been flat-funded over the past decade and without a long-term authorization since 2011. De-mand for OAA programs and services continues to rapidly increase as our population ages, and to think that more and more seniors will experience hunger is heartbreaking. It is unac-ceptable in this country. 
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to represent 
the wonderful people and the work that they do at Highland Valley Elder Serv-ices throughout western Massachu-setts. Every day they are making the lives of seniors a little better and a lit-tle brighter. We in Congress should do our part to ensure that our Nation’s seniors don’t go hungry. We should pass a strong reauthorization of the Older Americans Act and adequately fund programs like Meals on Wheels, and we should reject harmful cuts to SNAP that will disproportionately harm the most vulnerable among us: children, seniors, and the disabled. 
Mr. Speaker, we should urge the 
White House to hold a White House Conference on Food, Nutrition, and Hunger to come up with a comprehen-sive plan to end hunger once and for all in this country. We can and we should end hunger now. 
f 
PROTECTING SOCIAL SECURITY 
PROGRAMS FOR FUTURE GEN-ERATIONS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. R
EED) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to highlight an issue that is coming upon us very quickly. 
Mr. Speaker, many people across the 
Nation have talked about Social Secu-rity and Medicare and the trust funds going bankrupt for the retirement fund and Medicare sometime in 2033, 2034, but, Mr. Speaker, there is a more im-pending crisis coming down upon us. The Social Security disability trust fund is scheduled to go insolvent in 2016. That means, if we do nothing, what is going to happen in 2016 is mil-lions of Americans across this Nation who receive those lifesaving disability benefits monthly will see a reduction in their benefits to the tune of 20 to 21 percent. That is unacceptable, Mr. Speaker. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:25 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.005 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3317 May 19, 2015 
Two years ago, as I serve on the Ways 
and Means Committee, I had an oppor-tunity to question our Treasury Sec-retary, Jack Lew. I asked him the 
question 2 years ago: You know this crisis is on the horizon. I have read your testimony to this committee of Ways and Means, and I read the entire President’s budget. 
I said: Nowhere in there is a solution 
or a reference to this impending crisis. What is the solution the White House is offering? 
Simply, what they propose is they 
are going to take the portion of our payroll taxes that goes to Social Secu-rity retirement that is paid by future retirees and use the $270 billion nec-essary to bail out the disability trust fund. 
Mr. Speaker, before I came to Con-
gress, I had a private business. If you talk to any small-business owner across America, what they will tell you that is, it is robbing Peter to pay Paul because the Social Security retirement trust fund is on that same path to in-solvency in 2033. So why would you take from one and use it to bail out an-other when both programs are in dire straits? So, Mr. Speaker, I said to Jack Lew this year, when I had an oppor-tunity to question him, that is unac-ceptable. We need to do better not only in order to protect the Social Security retirees, who are near and dear to me, but also to those in the disability com-munity that rely on these benefits. 
The disability trust fund hasn’t been 
reformed for decades. I care about those individuals deeply. And when I see disabled folks coming in to my of-fice, as I have reached out to stake-holder groups and had conversations, what they tell me is they have a dis-ability trust fund program that essen-tially penalizes them for trying to go back to work. That doesn’t make sense. 
We should be standing with the dis-
ability community if they have a ca-pacity, a willingness, and a desire to go back to work. Our policies here in Washington, D.C., should say we are going to stand with you, we are going to encourage you, and we are going to applaud you, not penalize you, for doing that. 
So, Mr. Speaker, I rise today to say 
that this crisis needs to be dealt with. It is time to lead. What we are looking for is input from across the country on ideas on how we can reform the dis-ability trust fund, protect our Social Security retirees to the extent that we possibly can, and make sure that we have a disability trust fund that is de-signed and performing in the 21st cen-tury, a trust fund that says to the dis-abled community, we are with you, we are going to stand next to you, and we are going to give you the resources you need in order to live a great and fruit-ful life. At the same time we are going to look at our Social Security retirees and say to them, ‘‘We are going to pro-tect you.’’ 
If we can’t fix this crisis coming upon 
us in 2016, Mr. Speaker, then how in God’s name can we fix the crises of 
Medicare and Social Security that are coming upon us in 2033 and there-abouts? There are millions of Ameri-cans that deserve a better answer than kicking the can down the road. Mr. Speaker, it is time to lead, and I rise today to ask all my colleagues to join me in that leadership role. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. 
Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 37 
minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER 
Reverend Gregory Goethals, S.J., 
Loyola High School, Los Angeles, Cali-fornia, offered the following prayer: 
Almighty God, we come today to this 
holy Chamber of democracy conscious of our great gifts and conscious of the great people for whom we use these gifts in service. 
Come to us. Remain with us. En-
lighten our hearts. Give us courage and strength to know Your will, to make it our own, and to live it in our own lives. 
Enable us to uphold the rights of oth-
ers, and never let us be misled by igno-rance or corrupted by fear and favor. Unite us in the bond of Your uncondi-tional love, and keep us faithful to all that is true. 
May we always temper justice with 
Your love so that our decisions are pleasing to You and earn for us the re-ward promised to all of Your good and faithful servants. 
And we ask this in the name of your 
Son, Jesus Christ, our Lord. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-
ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania (Mr. T HOMPSON ) 
come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania led 
the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. WELCOMING REVEREND GREGORY 
GOETHALS 
The SPEAKER. Without objection, 
the gentleman from California (Mr. B
ECERRA ) is recognized for 1 minute. 
There was no objection. (Mr. BECERRA asked and was given 
permission to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. BECERRA. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to welcome Father Gregory Goe-thals, a member of the Society of Jesus and the president of Loyola High School in Los Angeles, to the United States House of Representatives. We thank him for delivering today’s open-ing prayer. 
Father Goethals is one of Los Ange-
les’ finest public servants. He has dedi-cated his life to educating our coun-try’s next generation of leaders. Loyola High School, an all-boys school in the Pico Union area of Los Angeles, ranks as one of the finest institutions of sec-ondary education in America. 
At Loyola, under Father Goethals, 
young men are motivated to become ‘‘educated’’ in the full sense of the word. Not only do students at Loyola go on to complete college at the finest universities in America, but they grad-uate Loyola having donated more than 1.5 million hours of community service to inner city schools and neighbor-hoods over the past 25 years. 
This year, Loyola High School will 
celebrate its 150th anniversary, making it the oldest continually operated edu-cational institution in southern Cali-fornia. Under the visionary steward-ship of Father Goethals, Loyola is poised to graduate yet another era of American heroes and leaders. 
For that, Mr. Speaker, I ask my col-
leagues to join me to applaud Father Gregory Goethals for his dedication to his faith and to our leaders of tomor-row. We will remember his words of prayer this morning. 
f 
RESIGNATIONS AS MEMBER OF 
COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE AND COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
D
UNCAN of Tennessee) laid before the 
House the following resignations as a member of the Committee on Agri-culture and Committee on Foreign Af-fairs: 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, May 18, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNBOEHNER , 
Speaker of the House, The Capitol, Washington, DC. 
D
EARSPEAKER BOEHNER : With my appoint-
ment to the House Financial Services Com-mittee, I hereby resign from the House Agri-culture Committee and House Foreign Af-fairs Committee. It has been an honor to serve on both. 
If there are any questions, please feel free 
to contact me. Thank you for your attention to this matter. 
Sincerely, 
T
OMEMMER , 
Member of Congress. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:25 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.007 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3318 May 19, 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the resignations are accept-ed. 
There was no objection. 
f 
RESIGNATION AS MEMBER OF 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SE-CURITY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following resigna-tion as a member of the Committee on Homeland Security: 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, May 19, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House, U.S. Capitol, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : I hereby resign from 
the Committee on Homeland Security. 
Sincerely, 
PATRICK MEEHAN , 
Member of Congress. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the resignation is accepted. 
There was no objection. 
f 
ELECTING MEMBERS TO CERTAIN 
STANDING COMMITTEES OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. 
Speaker, by direction of the House Re-publican Conference, I send to the desk a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 272 
Resolved, That the following named Mem-
bers be, and are hereby, elected to the fol-lowing standing committees of the House of Representatives: 
C
OMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES : Mr. 
Emmer of Minnesota. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS : Mr. Dono-
van. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY : Mr. 
Donovan. 
The resolution was agreed to. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair will entertain up to 15 further re-quests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
DISTINGUISHED EAGLE SCOUT 
AWARD 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, this evening I will have the honor and the privilege of pre-senting the national Eagle Scout Asso-ciation’s Distinguished Eagle Scout Award to Mr. John Graham, president and CEO of the American Society of Association Executives. 
The Distinguished Eagle Scout 
Award was established in 1969 to ac-knowledge Eagle Scouts who have re-
ceived extraordinary national-level recognition or eminence within their field and have a strong record of vol-untary service to the community. 
Mr. Speaker, of the over 100 million 
Scouting alumni over the last century, less than 4 percent attain the rank of Eagle, and of these Eagles, only 1 in 1,000 will be awarded the Distinguished Eagle Scout honor. Renowned Distin-guished Eagle Scouts include the presi-dent of the Boy Scouts of America, Secretary Bob Gates, Supreme Court Justice Stephen Breyer, President Ger-ald Ford, astronaut Neil Armstrong, and director Steven Spielberg. 
As a fellow Distinguished Eagle 
Scout, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Mr. John Graham on receiving this prestigious award. 
f 
SUPPORTING A LONG-TERM SOLU-
TION TO OUR NATION’S INFRA-STRUCTURE CRISIS 
(Ms. HAHN asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. HAHN. Mr. Speaker, for months 
we have been calling for a long-term surface transportation bill to replace the one that expires at the end of this month. 
In recent weeks, I have joined many 
of my colleagues as we counted down the days left for Congress to act. With-out a funding solution, the jobs of over 600,000 American workers are at risk. The gas tax, by the way, hasn’t been raised in 20 years and is no longer suffi-cient to pay for repairs to dangerous roads, highways, bridges, and rail lines needed to protect Americans. 
We are being asked to vote this week 
on a bandaid approach that only runs to July instead of a real solution to this infrastructure crisis. This is often what happens here, but it is not the best way to govern. States and local transit agencies need this certainty that long-term funding will be avail-able as they make important decisions about construction projects to meet our needs well into the future. 
Let’s pass a long-term transportation 
bill now. 
f 
CONGRATULATING TOYOTA MOTOR 
MANUFACTURING IN PRINCETON, INDIANA 
(Mr. BUCSHON asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. BUCSHON. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate a manufacturer in Indiana on a tremendous milestone for not just the company, but our com-munities in southern Indiana. Just this month, Toyota Manufacturing in Princeton, Indiana, impressively sur-passed 5,000 employees, and the plant plans to add an additional 300 positions by the end of next year. 
Mr. Speaker, these are good-paying 
jobs that support our families and our local economy. In addition to the 
workforce growth, the plant recently celebrated the production of its 4 mil-lionth vehicle, which is a testament to the best workforce in America. 
These dedicated hard-working men 
and women are making topnotch prod-ucts in Indiana that are being shipped across the country and around the world. 
f 
INFRASTRUCTURE INVESTMENT 
(Mr. HIGGINS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, the infra-
structure investment can be an eco-nomic game changer. In western New York, the Federal highway bill funded the reconstruction of Fuhrman Boule-vard, which reconnected our commu-nity with its waterfront, resulting in new private sector investment. 
From Filmore Avenue and Ohio 
Street in Buffalo to Main Street in Williamsville, the Robert Moses Park-way in Niagara Falls, and Kenmore Av-enue in Tonawanda, tens of millions of Federal dollars are contributing to transformative projects in our commu-nity. The construction of these projects has economic benefits as well. 660,000 jobs depend on Federal road and transit investment. Yet today, the House will extend, for just 2 months, the Federal transportation program that is weak and inadequate. We can do much better. 
America needs a long-term bill that 
provides funding. We need to create jobs and bring our infrastructure to a state of good repair. 
Last week, I introduced the Nation 
Building Here at Home Act to do just that. Congress should be humbled that it has allowed our infrastructure to fall into such disrepair, and we should use these 2 months to pass a long-term bill that America needs. 
f 
MENTAL HEALTH AWARENESS 
MONTH 
(Mr. BILIRAKIS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to observe Mental Health Aware-ness Month. 
Approximately one in five Americans 
have a mental illness. That is roughly 43 million Americans. These invisible wounds are just as serious as physical ones, and it is vital we understand the health care needs of individuals living with mental illnesses. 
Race, sex, age, gender—mental ill-
nesses do not discriminate. 
Many of the Americans who suffer 
from PTS and TBI are our veterans, our true heroes. As vice chairman of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee, I am familiar with their struggle. This is why I introduced the COVER Act, which recently passed in the Veterans’ Affairs Health Subcommittee and which gives veterans choices to seek 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:41 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.010 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3319 May 19, 2015 
alternative therapies and treatments 
for PTS and TBI. 
As we observe Mental Health Aware-
ness Month, let us all remember: these invisible wounds deserve our attention as much as the physical ones. 
f 
SAM HOUSTON HIGH SCHOOL 
SOCCER TEAM 
(Mr. VEASEY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize the Sam Houston Texans on their soccer team and their hard-fought journey to the 6A Univer-sity Interscholastic League semifinals. These 25 young men not only dem-onstrated their athletic talent but ex-emplified the teamwork and persever-ance needed to complete a successful season. 
I also want to congratulate Samuel 
Huerta, Rene Benitez, and Eddy Rodri-guez of the Sam Houston High soccer team for being named to the first team 6A all-State team. 
The young men of Sam Houston High 
School’s soccer team continue a tradi-tion of success through hard work, de-termination, and pride. I am proud to represent Arlington Independent School District and Sam Houston High. 
To all the coaches, parents, teachers, 
and students of Sam Houston High School, congratulations on this incred-ible athletic accomplishment. You have made north Texas proud. 
f 
JUSTICE FOR VICTIMS OF 
TRAFFICKING ACT 
(Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in great sup-port of S. 178, the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act. 
Today marks a significant milestone 
in the fight against human trafficking, and I am honored to see my amend-ment adopted into this legislation. 
Having served as a nurse, I recognize 
that members of the medical commu-nity are the only outside aid to have direct contact with trafficking victims. Mr. Speaker, my amendment will edu-cate and train health care professionals on proper techniques in order to better administer care. But, more impor-tantly, it empowers members of the medical community so they can inter-vene on behalf of those being traf-ficked. 
It has been an honor to work with my 
colleagues on this pivotal piece of leg-islation, and I am thrilled to see this legislation and my amendment move to the President’s desk to be signed into law. 
f 
HIGHWAY TRUST FUND 
(Mrs. DINGELL asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, there 
are only 2 legislative days left until the highway trust fund expires on May 31, and we do not have time to waste. Across the country, 6,000 critical con-struction jobs are in jeopardy, and 660,000 good-paying construction jobs are hanging in the balance. 
In Michigan, we know how des-
perately this funding is needed. Seven-teen percent of our roads are rated in good shape—only 17 percent; 38 percent of our roads are in poor, some dan-gerous—not fair, but poor, condition. It is unacceptable. 
We must work together to find a 
long-term solution to repair our roads, bridges, and transit. Today our Repub-lican colleagues have introduced a plan that just kicks it down the road again. This must be the last time. Funding the highway trust fund is about this Nation’s future. It is about our com-petitiveness. It is about providing busi-nesses and local and State govern-ments the certainty that they need, and it is about good-paying jobs for working families. 
It is time to end this culture of crisis 
and bring to the floor a long-term, sus-tainable solution to authorize the high-way trust fund. 
f 
b1215 
HOPEFULLY THE PRESIDENT 
CHANGES COURSE 
(Mr. WILSON of South Carolina 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, I am grateful for the Presi-dent’s decision to target Abu Sayyaf where Special Operations Forces hero-ically carried out a successful mission. I hope this is a change of course where the President takes action to stop fur-ther attacks on American families for a strategy of victory. 
Sadly, the same day, ISIL murderers 
seized the Anbar capital of Ramadi, holding one-third of Iraq, revealing the President’s failure to negotiate a Sta-tus of Forces Agreement. This follows the mass murder of Muslim pilgrims in Karachi, Pakistan, and Egyptian Chris-tians in Libya. Radical Islamic attacks are increasing worldwide with the mur-der of Jews in Paris, the killing of troops at Fort Hood, and the stabbing in London. 
Incredibly, the President continues 
negotiations with the murderous ide-ology of Tehran while they continue development of intercontinental bal-listic missiles to fulfill their goal of death to America, death to Israel. Hopefully, the President will divert policies to establish a legacy of peace through strength. The President can avoid a legacy of continued attacks by terrorists who have declared war on the American people. 
In conclusion, God bless our troops, 
and may the President by his actions never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. COMMEMORATING THE HONOR-
ABLE SERVICE OF WARREN JACKSON AND ROY DUMONT 
(Mr. KILDEE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to commemorate the honorable service of Mr. Warren Jackson and Mr. Roy Dumont, both who bravely fought in the United States Army in World War II. Both gentlemen, who are from my hometown of Flint, Michigan, are in Washington today to visit the World War II Memorial and to pay their re-spects to their fellow men and women in uniform who paid the ultimate sac-rifice. 
Mr. Jackson served honorably in the 
3758th Quartermaster Truck Company throughout World War II and retired from the 41st Artillery in 1966. Mr. Du-mont served honorably in the 87th In-fantry Division, the Golden Acorns, from 1942 through 1945. These men risked their lives to defend freedoms that we cherish and often take for granted as Americans, and our country is and should be forever grateful to them for their service. 
Mr. Jackson and Mr. Dumont, on be-
half of the people of the Fifth Congres-sional District and on behalf of the en-tire 114th Congress, I thank you for wearing the uniform of the United States and defending this great Nation. You will forever have our lasting grati-tude. 
f 
FREE ENTERPRISE AND OPEN 
MARKETS: KEYS TO A HEALTHY AND GROWING ECONOMY 
(Mr. MARCHANT asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, poli-
cies that support free enterprise and open markets are the key to building a strong economy. Texas is a prime ex-ample. 
For the 11th year in a row, Texas has 
been ranked by Chief Executive maga-zine as the number one State to relo-cate your business to; and for more than 20 years straight, Texas job cre-ation has outpaced the rest of the country by a factor of 2 to 1. 
Behind this lasting success are poli-
cies that have enhanced economic agreement and allowed Texas-made goods to be sold at markets across the world. It is no surprise Texas has also led the Nation in exports for the last 13 years running. 
Allowing free enterprise and open 
markets to thrive has fueled decades of Texas growth. It has also created mil-lions of good-paying jobs for Texas families. Let’s build on these success-ful free market policies and bring last-ing strength to our American economy. 
f 
TRANSPORTATION FUNDING 
(Mr. LOWENTHAL asked and was 
given permission to address the House 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:21 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.013 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3320 May 19, 2015 
for 1 minute and to revise and extend 
his remarks.) 
Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, from 
city halls to the Halls of Congress, there is universal agreement that our national infrastructure, once the envy of the world, is eroding around us. It is eroding from simple political inatten-tion and inaction. 
We must stop short-term fixes for our 
long-term infrastructure. We must de-velop a sustainable funding solution to repair, to restore, and to upgrade our 
infrastructure. 
The remaining question is: How do 
we solve it here and now? Are we going to do a responsible, long-term funding solution or are we just going to kick the can down the road? Are we going to wait for more bridges to collapse, for trains to derail, and more roads to fall into gridlock? 
Mr. Speaker, we must come together 
to solve this problem. The safety of every American, the efficiency of every business, and the momentum of our na-tional economy depend on us and are at risk. 
f 
HONORING FIRE CHIEF BILL MUND 
OF THE CITY OF ST. CLOUD, MINNESOTA 
(Mr. EMMER of Minnesota asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today in honor of Chief Bill Mund, who retires this week after more than a decade as fire chief of the City of St. Cloud, Minnesota. 
Chief Mund is a St. Cloud boy 
through and through. He not only grew up in the Granite City, but after grad-uating from Apollo High School in 1977 and serving in the United States Navy, he returned to his hometown. He has dedicated his career to his hometown community, joining the St. Cloud Fire Department 32 years ago. 
Before becoming St. Cloud’s fire 
chief, he was the assistant chief to his predecessor, Mike Holman. Now as chief, he has overseen five fire stations and 63 firefighters that respond to ap-proximately 4,000 incidents each year. 
Thank you for all you have done for 
the St. Cloud community, Chief Mund. Enjoy your retirement. You deserve it. 
f 
HONORING AND REMEMBERING 
SIX HEROIC UNITED STATES MA-RINES 
(Mr. ASHFORD asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. ASHFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor and remember six he-roic United States marines who died last week serving our country during a humanitarian lifesaving mission half-way around the world. They were killed in a tragic helicopter crash in Nepal as they delivered badly needed supplies to that nation’s suffering earthquake victims. 
Among the six are two men with 
close ties to Nebraska. One of the heli-copter’s decorated pilots, 29-year-old 
Captain Dustin Lukasiewicz, grew up in Wilcox, Nebraska. Prior to serving in Nepal, he was deployed in Afghani-stan. Captain Lukasiewicz leaves be-hind his wife, Ashley, and one daugh-ter. Ashley is also pregnant and due to deliver next month. 
Twenty-two-year-old Lance Corporal 
Jacob Hug, a decorated combat videographer from Arizona, leaves be-hind several family members and close friends who live in Omaha and neigh-boring Council Bluffs, Iowa. Corporal Hug was capturing images of the Ma-rine Corps’ relief efforts in Nepal. Prior to deploying to Nepal, Corporal Hug filmed and photographed marines from South Korea, Thailand, Australia, Japan, Guam, and the United States. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me in keep-
ing these brave, selfless individuals and their families in your thoughts and prayers. 
f 
PAYING TRIBUTE TO MAJOR GEN-
ERAL R. MARTIN UMBARGER OF THE INDIANA NATIONAL GUARD 
(Mr. MESSER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to pay tribute to a great Hoosier, a true patriot, and my friend, Major General R. Martin Umbarger of the In-diana National Guard. He is retiring at the end of this month. 
General Umbarger started his career 
in public service as an enlisted soldier in the Indiana Army National Guard in 1969. Over the next three decades, Marty rose through the ranks and stood out as a remarkable leader. In 2004, then-Governor Mitch Daniels ap-pointed him Adjutant General of the State of Indiana, where he served as the highest ranking military officer in our great State’s National Guard for more than 10 years. 
Mr. Speaker, General Umbarger is a 
true Hoosier hero. His shoes will be big ones to fill. 
Best of luck in your retirement, sir, 
and thank you for your incredible serv-ice to our State and our Nation. 
f 
DEFERRED ACTION FOR PAREN-
TAL ACCOUNTABILITY APPLICA-TIONS 
(Ms. TITUS asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, today the 
United States Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement was supposed to begin accepting Deferred Action for Parental Accountability, or DAPA, ap-plications. It was to be a day of hope, not disappointment, for millions of families across the country. But be-cause of a politically motivated deci-sion by a Texas judge, implementation has been halted. Now 17,000 hard-working men and women in Clark County, Nevada, must wait for relief in fear of being torn from their families. Mr. Speaker, Nevada is the State 
with the largest share of undocu-mented immigrants in its total popu-lation—210,000 people, or 7.6 percent, and that is equal to 10.2 percent of our workforce. They are our colleagues, our neighbors, our classmates, and our friends, and they play a vital role in the success of our community. 
Congress needs to pass comprehen-
sive immigration reform so families across the country and in Nevada can come out of the shadows, legally work, go to school, and contribute to the only community they call home. 
f 
THE FEDERAL HIGHWAY TRUST 
FUND 
(Mr. WESTERMAN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today because I realize, like my friends across the aisle, that we find ourselves in a crisis situation of our own making. The Federal highway trust fund is set to run out of money, and with our current infrastructure needs, the fund’s moneys are simply not enough. But instead of addressing the issue during the last several Con-gresses, short-term fixes have been passed, and Congress has kicked the can down the road. We need more than rhetoric on the importance of infra-structure. We need solutions. 
Mr. Speaker, on Thursday I will in-
troduce the Prioritizing American Roads and Jobs Act. This bill will roll back 100 percent Medicaid expansion reimbursement rates to be equal to tra-ditional Medicaid rates, with the sav-ings transferring to the highway trust fund. This bill will add $15 billion a year to the trust fund and put it back on the path to financial stability for the long term, while freeing up $150 bil-lion for deficit reduction over the next 10 years. 
f 
EARLY CHILDHOOD EDUCATION 
(Ms. ADAMS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in support of continuing invest-ments in early childhood education. 
Yesterday marked the 50th anniver-
sary launch of Head Start. Head Start programs give students an opportunity to start out strong and help to close the achievement gap that plagues many low-income communities. 
As a mother, grandmother, and re-
tired educator, I recognize that early education provides students with the resources they need in the most crit-ical learning years. More than 27 per-cent of the people in my district live below the poverty line. Students in low-income families have obvious dis-advantages that are exacerbated when they arrive in kindergarten less pre-pared than their peers. 
More than 3,000 children in my dis-
trict benefit from Head Start pro-
grams. These programs give many chil-dren the jump-start and the confidence 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:21 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.014 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3321 May 19, 2015 
they need. Research shows that chil-
dren enrolled in high-quality education programs are more likely to graduate from high school, go to college, and se-cure high-paying jobs. 
Mr. Speaker, an investment in early 
education is an investment in our fu-ture. I will continue fighting for early learning initiatives and commonsense education reform that prepare all of our students to succeed, and I call on my colleagues to do the same. 
f 
COMMENDING CADET JONATHAN 
CHASE STRICKLAND 
(Mr. COLLINS of Georgia asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, today I rise to commend Cadet Jon-athan Chase Strickland of the Univer-sity of North Georgia Corps of Cadets for being selected as the top ROTC cadet in the Nation. Cadet Strickland was also selected as the United States Army Cadet Command’s Cadet of the Year for 2015. 
Mr. Speaker, Chase was selected out 
of 5,617 Army ROTC cadets across the Nation based on outstanding perform-ance in physical fitness, campus lead-ership, and academic record. A factor in his selection was his successful com-pletion of the Army’s Leadership De-velopment and Assessment Course. 
Chase is a native of Gainesville, 
Georgia, attended North Hall High School, and will graduate this spring from my alma mater, the University of North Georgia, with a degree in inter-national affairs. He will be commis-sioned into the Army as a 2nd lieuten-ant in military intelligence. He plans on attending the Infantry Officer Lead-ership School at Fort Benning and the Ranger School. 
After watching Chase grow up, know-
ing his father and his grandfather and his fine family, it is not surprising that he rose to the top. Please join me in congratulating Cadet Strickland on this truly great accomplishment, and wish him the very best and a successful career of service to our country. 
f 
b1230 
CONGRESS MUST ADDRESS OUR 
BROKEN IMMIGRATION SYSTEM 
(Mr. POLIS asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, today 
should have been a great day of cele-bration of hope and relief for the mil-lions of hard-working immigrant fami-lies across the country who would be able to register for the expanded DACA and DAPA programs. 
DACA’s expansion and the new DAPA 
program would provide welcome relief to thousands of hard-working immi-grant families, allowing them to pay a fine, register, get right with the law, and work legally. Unfortunately, they 
sit in limbo while they wait for a judge to decide the fate of the DACA and DAPA programs. 
It should be incumbent on any politi-
cian who seeks to thwart or undermine these programs to propose a legislative solution through Congress. That is everybody’s first choice. Only Congress can provide a pathway to citizenship. Only Congress can permanently replace our broken immigration system with one that works, one that restores the rule of law, one that secures our bor-der, and one that provides a pathway to citizenship. 
I hope the fifth circuit will rule on 
the side of justice and the rule of law by lifting the injunction; but no matter what happens, this judicial mess is just further proof of Congress’ failure to act. 
I call upon Congress to address our 
broken immigration system and move forward with restoring the rule of law. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, May 19, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on May 19, 2015 at 9:30 am.: 
That the Senate passed without amend-
ment H. Con. Res. 43. 
With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
R
OBERT F. R EEVES , 
Deputy Clerk. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
CLERK OF THE HOUSE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, May 19, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNA. B OEHNER , 
The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-
mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on May 19, 2015 at 11:27 a.m.: 
That the Senate passed without amend-
ment H.R. 2252. 
With best wishes, I am 
Sincerely, 
R
OBERT F. R EEVES , 
Deputy Clerk. PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION 
OF H.R. 1806, AMERICA COM-PETES REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2015; PROVIDING FOR CONSID-ERATION OF H.R. 2250, LEGISLA-TIVE BRANCH APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016; AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2353, HIGHWAY AND TRANSPORTATION FUNDING ACT OF 2015 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, by di-
rection of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 271 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 271 
Resolved, That at any time after adoption 
of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1806) to pro-vide for technological innovation through the prioritization of Federal investment in basic research, fundamental scientific dis-covery, and development to improve the competitiveness of the United States, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally di-
vided and controlled by the chair and rank-ing minority member of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. After gen-eral debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. In lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology now printed in the bill, it shall be in order to con-sider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the five-minute rule an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114-15. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. All points of order against that amendment in the nature of a substitute are waived. No amendment to that amendment in the na-ture of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in part A of the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this res-olution. Each such amendment may be of-fered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be sub-ject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. Any Member may de-mand a separate vote in the House on any amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole to the bill or to the amendment in the nature of a substitute made in order as origi-nal text. The previous question shall be con-sidered as ordered on the bill and amend-ments thereto to final passage without inter-vening motion except one motion to recom-mit with or without instructions. 
S
EC. 2. At any time after adoption of this 
resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 2250) making appro-priations for the Legislative Branch for the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:43 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.016 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3322 May 19, 2015 
fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for 
other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and rank-ing minority member of the Committee on Appropriations. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. The bill shall be considered as read. All points of order against provi-sions in the bill for failure to comply with clause 2 of rule XXI are waived. No amend-ment to the bill shall be in order except those printed in part B of the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this res-olution. Each such amendment may be of-fered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be sub-ject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage with-out intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. 
S
EC. 3. Upon adoption of this resolution it 
shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 2353) to provide an extension of Federal-aid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, and for other purposes. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. The bill shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and on any amendment thereto to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure; and (2) one motion to recommit. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Washington is recognized for 1 hour. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, for 
the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gen-tleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS), 
pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consider-ation of this resolution, all time yield-ed is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Washington? 
There was no objection. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, on 
Monday, the Rules Committee met and reported a rule, H. Res. 271, providing for consideration of three important bills. 
This rule provides for consideration 
of the America COMPETES Reauthor-ization Act of 2015 and the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act of 2016 under structured rules, and the High-
way and Transportation Funding Act of 2015 under a closed rule. It is impor-tant to note that this combined rule al-lows for separate consideration of each bill. This House will separately debate and consider these important issues. 
The Legislative Branch Appropria-
tions bill is traditionally considered under a structured amendment process, and that practice is continued today. 
The America COMPETES Act makes 
a dozen amendments in order, with more than half—eight amendments— coming from Democratic sponsors. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1806 is a fiscally 
responsible proscience bill that reau-thorizes civilian research programs at the Department of Energy, the Na-tional Science Foundation, the Na-tional Institute of Standards and Tech-nology, and the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy. 
The bill keeps our Nation competi-
tive on the global stage and works to refocus the Federal Government’s pri-mary scientific role to fund basic re-search. This reprioritization of basic research will help ensure future U.S. economic competitiveness and security and will spur additional private sector technological innovation, which is cru-cial to the United States remaining a world leader in scientific and techno-logical advances. 
This bill keeps overall funding for 
these programs equal to the fiscal year 2015 appropriated levels and is con-sistent with the caps set by the Budget Control Act, prioritizing taxpayer in-vestment in basic research without in-creasing overall Federal spending. 
The emphasis this legislation places 
on Federal investment and research in the physical sciences and engineering helps to develop and advance knowl-edge and technologies used in fields by scientists who are dedicated to improv-ing the lives of all Americans. 
I have seen firsthand the importance 
of these investments while visiting the Pacific Northwest National Labora-tory, one of our 17 national labs, which I am proud to represent in my district, Washington’s Fourth District. 
The work being done at PNNL and at 
the national labs and research univer-sities all across the country is critical to our country’s future, and the prioritizations and reforms on this bill will enhance the work being done to the benefit of all Americans. 
Additionally, H.R. 1806 reduces by $1 
billion the administration’s large and unjustified program, such as late stage commercialization, which picks win-ners and losers that compete with the private sector. 
We must be responsible stewards of 
taxpayer dollars, and this legislation will prevent duplicative and wasteful research activities by requiring the De-partment of Energy to certify that the work being done is original and has not already been conducted by another Federal agency. 
Overall, the America COMPETES Act 
will reestablish the priority of basic re-search in the core physical sciences 
and biology in the Nation’s civilian science agencies. This bill sets the right priorities for our Nation’s civil-ian research and will promote U.S. in-novation, ingenuity, and competitive-ness, all without increasing our na-tional debt or deficit. 
This rule also provides for consider-
ation of H.R. 2250, the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act of 2016. This legislation provides funding for all op-erations of the United States House of Representatives, the U.S. Capitol com-plex, the Capitol Police, the Congres-sional Budget Office, and the many other agencies that are so important to the day-to-day functions of Congress. 
H.R. 2250 provides the legislative 
branch with $3.3 billion in fiscal year 2016—the same amount as fiscal year 2014, as well as fiscal year 2015—con-tinuing this Chamber’s commitment to leading by example during these times of huge deficits and out-of-control debt. 
The activities this bill funds are crit-
ical to the operations of the Capitol complex, which must be protected, cared for, and maintained. Visitors from my district in central Wash-ington, as well as visitors from across the country and throughout the world, travel countless miles to visit this re-markable institution, which is a sym-bol of democracy and freedom for so many. 
For these and many other reasons, 
we must ensure that the Capitol re-mains in this pristine condition and is able to withstand the test of time so that many future generations are able to visit this truly unique and historic place. 
b1245 
Finally, this rule provides for the 
consideration of H.R. 2353, the Highway and Transportation Funding Act of 2015. 
H.R. 2353 will extend the highway 
trust fund’s expenditure authority for 2 months—from May 31 to July 31. It will also provide an extension for many im-portant Federal highway and public transportation programs, such as the motor carrier and highway safety pro-grams as well as the hazardous mate-rials transportation program, through July 31. 
Last August, Congress passed and the 
President signed the Highway and Transportation Funding Act of 2014, which was intended to provide enough funding for the highway trust fund to remain solvent through May 31 of this year. However, the funding is now last-ing longer than was originally pre-dicted, and this bill will extend the trust fund’s expenditure authority so that transportation spending is able to continue through July while Congress works to find a solution that will en-sure the trust fund remains solvent for years to come. A constructive dialogue in Congress is needed on this issue, one that will give States the certainty they need to build the roads, the bridges, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:21 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY7.006 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3323 May 19, 2015 
and other infrastructure that our com-
munities and our economy need to thrive in the 21st century. 
Mr. Speaker, this is a good, straight-
forward rule. I support its adoption, and I urge my colleagues to support the rule and the underlying bills. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
I thank the gentleman from Wash-
ington for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposi-
tion to the rule and the underlying bills. 
We should be celebrating today the 
start of the Deferred Action for Child-hood Arrivals expansion and the De-ferred Action for Parents of American Citizens program that President Obama launched in light of the contin-ued failure of this Congress to finally fix our broken immigration system. This Congress hasn’t brought forth a single immigration bill, not secured our border, not ensured that employers follow our law and only employ legal American workers; but, rather, at every opportunity, it has sought to thwart the executive branch, doing what they can with the powers they have under our U.S. Constitution to re-store the rule of law without the help of this body. 
These three bills before us today are 
yet another way of kicking the ball down the road and refusing to address our broken immigration system, a problem that will continue to get worse until Congress steps up and solves it. 
I hope that the Deferred Action for 
Childhood Arrivals program’s expan-sion, known as DACA—already a great success with additional success along the way with the new expansion—and the Deferred Action for Parents of American Citizens program, or DAPA, are soon unclogged by the courts to at least reduce the size of this sometimes insurmountable problem that Congress continues to refuse to tackle. That is the alternative. 
If Congress continues to bring up 
three bills every week and if none of them are about border security and none of them are about immigration, do you know what? Instead of there being 10 million people here illegally, there are going to be 15 or 20 million here 10 years. That is exactly where this Republican Congress is leading us—towards an America where, some-day, there might be more people here illegally than there are here legally. Think about that, Mr. Speaker. 
This first bill that we are considering 
before us today is not immigration re-form. It is, instead, a 2-month exten-sion of the current surface transpor-tation authorization. Our transpor-tation system is the lifeblood of our country. It dictates our ability to move and manage not only people but infor-mation, ideas, products, industries, commerce, jobs. By failing to pass a long-term transportation reauthoriza-tion, which will ensure the security of our highways and transit systems for 
more than 60 days, we are putting our Nation’s economic lifeblood in jeop-ardy. 
The second bill we will see before us 
today is not immigration reform. The second bill, instead, is a partisan at-tempt to inject the ideological prior-ities of my Republican colleagues into education and research, priorities that are opposed by the very titans of re-search for whom this bill is ostensibly designed. I will talk more about that in a moment. 
Of the third bill before us today, I am 
hopeful. Is it immigration reform? I ask the gentleman from Washington: Is the third bill before us today immigra-tion reform? I am happy to yield to the gentleman for an answer. 
In reclaiming my time, he is speech-
less. He is speechless because he knows the truth: the third bill is not immi-gration reform. The third bill is actu-ally the funding bill for the legislative branch of government. Maybe if the legislative branch of government were actually doing its job we would have an immigration reform bill before us; but, no, my colleague from Washington is speechless because he knows as well as I do that this is not immigration re-form, that it is, instead, a funding bill for Members of Congress’ salaries and the salaries of our staffs. I guess that is more important than securing our bor-der. I guess that is more important to the Republicans than restoring the rule of law. 
Let me get into these three bills. The Surface Transportation Act 
would extend the authority of the gov-ernment to fund our highways for 2 months—only for 2 months. What that means is we risk wasting $51 billion and, in jeopardizing that funding, risk over 660,000 jobs by failing to do a long- term authorization of the highway trust fund. 
We all have an interest in this. Any 
one of us can talk about the impor-tance of transportation in our dis-tricts. If you have ever been to Colo-rado, you will know that there is one major artery to get to our world-class ski facilities and unparalleled 14,000 peaks from the metro area—Highway 70. If you have ever taken it, particu-larly on a Friday, or have come back on a Sunday, you might very well have sat in your car at a dead stop. If you have been to Fort Collins, which is the largest city in my district and is home to one of our great universities, Colo-rado State University, you might have found similar circumstances around the long rush hour on Highway 25 north. Waiting 45 minutes in traffic to go 5 or 10 miles is something my con-stituents do every day—doubling, tri-pling, quadrupling their commuting time. 
These stories aren’t unique to Colo-
rado. They aren’t unique to my dis-trict. I will bet every Member of Con-gress can share the importance of transportation in their districts. That is why, ostensibly, every Member of Congress says, ‘‘We want transpor-
tation. We support roads.’’ 
There are no Republican roads and 
Democratic roads. There are roads. Yet, by continuing to fail to provide a long-term funding structure for them, we are playing games with the liveli-hoods of the American people, hurting our own economic lifeblood, wasting people’s time as they are sitting in traffic, throwing into jeopardy the sta-tus of the jobs of contractors and sub-contractors, and risking lives by con-tinuing to repair our necessary bridges and infrastructure that have accumu-lated safety deficits. I urge my col-leagues to consider the irresponsibility inherent in this punt. 
I would also like to talk about the 
America COMPETES Act. Now, the original genesis of this bill, which was passed in 2007, was to help America compete in an increasingly global envi-ronment across the sciences and to en-sure our innovative spirit. 
My district is a hub for scientific re-
search, and we are excited to have the University of Colorado at Boulder, Col-orado State University, NOAA, NREL, and NCAR. Research that is done in Colorado has ramifications and posi-tive effects across the country, like our space weather lab in Boulder, which helps make sure that air traffic con-trollers and pilots have access to up-to- the-minute information about solar flares that could alter their trajec-tories in realtime. 
This bill, instead of continuing the 
bipartisan legacy that the original COMPETES Act sets out or instead of replacing our broken immigration sys-tem with one that works for our coun-try, seems to cherry-pick winners based on ideology and overturns the historic priorities of the bill. Why else would the dean of Research at CU- Boulder oppose this bill? Why else would our widely respected Secretary of Energy oppose this bill? Dozens of the largest scientific organizations and coalitions—this is supposed to be a science bill—are saying, ‘‘Don’t give us this bill. It will hurt science in our country.’’ How does that even make any sense? 
The efforts of the Republicans to hi-
jack this legislation for ideological in-terests are utterly transparent. Sci-entists are saying, ‘‘Go home Federal Government. Don’t help us with this bill.’’ Again, in yet another instance of Federal overreach, the Republicans are imposing their versions of science on those in the field who are doing work. 
Finally, this rule brings forth H.R. 
2250, also a bill that is not immigration reform. It does nothing to secure our border, but it does make sure that Members of Congress get paid. I am sure Republicans can go home happy about that. It makes sure our hard- working staff gets paid, the commit-tees get paid, and the buildings get re-paired. 
No, I am not against those things. 
Those are fine things. If we had an all- volunteer legislature, we probably 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:21 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.021 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3324 May 19, 2015 
wouldn’t have the fine caliber of 
statesmen we have tackling our na-tional problems here today. But it is not immigration reform, Mr. Speaker. It doesn’t secure our border, and it will only continue to increase the number of people who are here illegally in our country while Congress continues to punt and to undermine the efforts of the President to do what he can with the powers he has through DACA and DAPA, which were scheduled to start today. 
I do want to point out that the un-
derlying draft of this Legislative Branch Appropriations Act is another example of the failure to address many of the needs of our country. There was an effort by my colleague D
EBBIE  
WASSERMAN SCHULTZ to put forward an 
amendment to ensure that House cafe-teria workers receive a living wage. You would think we would want to be an example of a model employer. I would hope that we, as custodians of the U.S. Capitol, would take some pride in that we are a model employer; we are a little microcosm of what em-ployers should do, best practices. But there is a Senate employee who is homeless because, on the salary he gets, he can’t even afford to rent here in Washington. People who work every day here in the Nation’s Capital are living in poverty. 
I think that we can do better as a 
model employer. If this were my com-pany, I would take no pride in that. I would like to think that this is our company. It is the United States of America, and we are the board. Let’s have employment policies that we as employers can be proud of. 
I urge my colleagues to vote against 
the rule and to, instead, bring to the floor immigration reform or better versions of these bills: a science bill that, maybe, scientists support, maybe; or a transportation bill that maybe funds our highways for more than 2 months so that people can plan. It is time we begin working for the Amer-ican people, not against them. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I share the gentleman from Colo-
rado’s opinion that the issue of immi-gration reform is huge, that it is one of the biggest issues facing this country today. I agree that we need to give it adequate debate and time and consider-ation; although, today is not the day. 
Mr. Speaker, we recently heard from 
colleagues on the other side of the aisle that combining multiple bills in a sin-gle rule can lead to fragmented and confusing debate. 
In an effort to refocus our debate 
today, I yield 6 minutes to the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH), the 
distinguished chairman of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the gentleman from Washington for yielding me time, and who is a former member of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee himself. H.R. 1806, the America COMPETES 
Reauthorization Act of 2015, is a pro- science, fiscally responsible bill that sets America on a path to remain the world’s leader in innovation. This bill reauthorizes civilian research pro-grams at the National Science Founda-tion, at the National Institute of Standards and Technology, at the De-partment of Energy, and at the Office of Science and Technology Policy. 
Since January, the House Science, 
Space, and Technology Committee has held numerous hearings that have pro-vided input into this bill. This includes budget hearings with the NSF Direc-tor, the Acting NIST Director, the Sec-retary of Energy, and the Assistant Secretary for Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy. But our consider-ation of the provisions in this bill began long before last year. 
In the last Congress, the Science, 
Space, and Technology Committee held numerous hearings on the topics ad-dressed by this bill as well, and many of the provisions in the bill were de-bated during the Science, Space, and Technology Committee’s consideration of the first act last Congress, which the Science, Space, and Technology Com-mittee passed in May. 
Title I of the bill reauthorizes the 
National Science Foundation for 2 years and provides a 4.3 percent in-crease for research and related activi-ties. The bill prioritizes funding for the directors of biology, computer science, engineering, and mathematics and physical sciences, and it recognizes the need to make strategic investments in basic R&D for the U.S. to remain the global leader in science and innova-tion. 
The bill reprioritizes research spend-
ing at the National Science Foundation by reducing funding for the Social, Be-havioral, and Economic Directorate and Geosciences. The bill, instead, fo-cuses funds on the physical sciences from which there are almost all of the scientific breakthroughs that drive new technology, new businesses, indus-tries, and job creation and that spurs innovation. 
Tight Federal budget constraints re-
quire all taxpayers’ dollars to be spent on high-value science in the national interest. Unfortunately, the National Science Foundation has funded a num-ber of projects that do not meet the highest standards of scientific merit— from climate change musicals, to eval-uating animal photographs in National Geographic, to studying human-set fires in New Zealand in the 1800s—and there are dozens of other examples. 
b1300 
The bill ensures accountability by re-
storing the original intent of the 1950 NSF Act and requiring that all grants serve the national interest. 
Title II represents the Committee on 
Science, Space, and Technology’s com-mitment to enhancing STEM education programs. A healthy and viable STEM workforce is critical to American in-dustries and ensures our future eco-
nomic prosperity. The definition of STEM is expanded to include computer science, which connects all STEM sub-jects. 
Title III includes three bipartisan 
bills the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology approved in March. Those bills—H.R. 1119, the Research and Development Efficiency Act; H.R. 1156, the International Science and Technology Cooperation Act of 2015; and H.R. 1162, the Science Prize Com-petitions Act—passed the committee by voice vote. Two of these bills were sponsored by Democrats. 
Title IV supports the important 
measurement standards and tech-nology work taking place at the Na-tional Institute for Standards and Technology laboratories, the Manufac-turing Extension Partnership program, and the recently authorized Network for Manufacturing Innovation. 
Title V reauthorizes the Department 
of Energy Office of Science for 2 years at a 5.4 percent increase over fiscal year 2015. It prioritizes basic research that enables researchers in all 50 States to have access to world-class user facilities, including supercom-puters and high-intensity light sources. This bill also prevents duplication and requires DOE to certify that its cli-mate science work is unique and not being undertaken by other Federal agencies. 
Title VI reauthorizes the DOE ap-
plied research and development pro-grams and activities for fiscal year 2016 and fiscal year 2017. 
H.R. 1806 refocuses some spending on 
late-stage commercialization efforts within the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy to research and development efforts. 
Title VII proposes to cut red tape and 
bureaucracy in the DOE technology transfer process. Currently, the private sector has little incentive to build re-actor prototypes due to regulatory un-certainty from the Nuclear Regulatory Commission. 
H.R. 1806 sets the right priorities for 
Federal civilian research, which en-hances innovation and U.S. competi-tiveness without adding to the Federal deficit and debt. I encourage all my colleagues to support this bill. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I was told 
the gentleman from Washington shares a desire to address the broken immi-gration system. I know the chair of the Committee on Rules, Mr. S
ESSIONS , has 
indicated similarly. Just as I have posed to Mr. S
ESSIONS in the past, I 
would like to pose to the gentleman from Washington if he has a timeframe for when we can expect immigration legislation here on the floor of the House. 
I would be happy to yield to the gen-
tleman from Washington to answer that. 
Well, sometimes silence speaks loud-
er than words. 
I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman 
from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ), a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.022 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3325 May 19, 2015 
member of the Committee on Ways and 
Means. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. I appreciate the 
gentleman’s courtesy in yielding me this time. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to speak to just 
one aspect on the floor of this rule. My colleague from Washington made a statement that we are dealing with a 2- month extension because we found some extra money to let it last longer. 
No, the reason that we are having a 
2-month extension is because we have not been able to resolve this problem. I made the remarks on the floor of the House last summer that extending it to May is not going to get us anyplace, and we would be right back in the same spot. I could dust off the same speech. 
What is happening is that you have a 
little tiny bit of give, but it doesn’t mean that we have enough money and that there aren’t consequences. There are States across the country, because of the uncertainty of the Republican funding approach, that are already cut-ting back on construction projects this summer. 
This will be the 33rd short-term fund-
ing extension. It is a symbol of the fail-ure of my Republican colleagues to do anything in the 55 months that they have been in charge to deal with trans-portation funding. They have never even had a hearing on transportation finance. 
Now, I will say that over the last 22 
years there have been some bipartisan failures to step up to it. Ironically, the solution is clear, thoroughly studied, and broadly supported: raise the gas tax for the first time since 1993. 
The Republican leadership doesn’t 
have to do anything extraordinary, just allow the Committee on Ways and Means to follow regular order. Have some serious committee hearings. Lis-ten to the experts. Invite in the stake-holders that build, that maintain, and use our transportation system. Let’s have at the witness dais heads of the AFL–CIO, the U.S. Chamber of Com-merce—who agree we should raise the gas tax—the head of transit, the Amer-ican Trucking Association, AAA, bicyclists. 
They could refer back to great Re-
publican leaders of the past. Dwight Ei-senhower established the gas tax to fund the Interstate Highway System. Ronald Reagan, the conservative icon, called Congress back in November of 1982 to more than double the gas tax, which Ronald Reagan and Tip O’Neill did. 
In fact, my Republican friends could 
involve Republican leaders today. Six Republican States have raised the gas tax already this year: Idaho, Iowa, Ne-braska, Utah, South Dakota, Georgia. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. POLIS. I yield an additional 15 
seconds to the gentleman. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Not exactly lib-
eral bastions. 
This is something that we can and 
should do. Let’s step up, solve this problem, avoid this continual uncer-
tainty for people around the country. They deserve better. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, just a 
note to my colleague from Colorado, I agree that this is an important issue that he keeps bringing up of immigra-tion, and I will certainly ask my chair-man for any timeframe, and I will look forward to working with him and all my colleagues on solving this impor-tant issue. 
But today we are talking about high-
ways. We are talking about science. We are talking about keeping this place running smoothly. 
To get us back on subject, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. W
EBER ). 
Mr. WEBER of Texas. I thank the 
gentleman from Washington for yield-ing me the time. I am glad to hear I am getting us back on subject. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of the rule on H.R. 1806, the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2015. This is fiscally responsible legisla-tion that cuts wasteful government spending and prioritizes innovative sci-entific research and development. 
A key reform included in the Amer-
ica COMPETES Act is reining in spend-ing at the Department of Energy’s Of-fice of Energy Efficiency and Renew-able Energy, or EERE. EERE’s budget has grown by almost 60 percent in the last decade. President Obama’s fiscal year 2016 budget request for EERE is over $2.7 billion, with a B, which is a requested increase of another $800 mil-lion over last fiscal year. 
The Department of Energy’s ap-
proach to energy research and develop-ment has also become more and more unbalanced with the EERE’s continued growth. In fact, the President’s pro-posed budget for EERE R&D is more than double the budgets for nuclear, fossil, and electricity R&D combined. In addition, the work prioritized by EERE is far too focused on increasing the use of today’s existing technology. Many EERE programs are focused on reducing market barriers for existing technology or funding R&D activities already prioritized by the private sec-tor, not conducting the fundamental research to build towards future break-
throughs. 
With our national debt at $18 trillion 
and rising, and spending caps guiding budgets on everything from energy to national defense, Congress cannot rubberstamp this kind of out-of-control spending. It is time to adjust the De-partment of Energy’s budget to reality. 
The America COMPETES Act re-
focuses Federal investment on energy research and development, not deploy-ment of today’s technology. By funding the basic research and development prioritized in the America COMPETES Act, the Department of Energy can build a foundation for the private sec-tor to bring innovative energy tech-nology to the market and thereby grow the American economy. 
So I urge my colleagues to vote 
‘‘yes’’ on this rule and ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 1806, the America COMPETES Reau-
thorization Act of 2015. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Maryland (Ms. E
DWARDS ), the ranking 
member on the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology Subcommittee on Space. 
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today both as a member of the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology and the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. 
I can’t think of a worse rule, frankly, 
that we could bring to the floor. We could have had bipartisan cooperation on America COMPETES so that we can invest in our science and our research and our technology, and yet that is not what is happening here today. 
As to the Highway and Transpor-
tation Funding Act, it doesn’t allow for any amendments to the legislation that would fix and fund our Nation’s crumbling infrastructure with predict-ability, stability, and for the long term. The highway trust fund and the current surface transportation author-ization, as we know, are set to expire on May 31, leaving just 3 legislative days to extend it or 4,000 transpor-tation workers will be laid off and work would stop on Federal highway programs all across the country right in the middle of prime construction and building season. 
Now, the responsible among us know 
that we can’t walk away from the high-way trust fund. Millions of jobs and thousands of businesses hang in the balance. But we also know that what is before us today is the least most re-sponsible way to fund our infrastruc-ture—2 months at a time. Can you be-lieve it? Two months at a time, Mr. Speaker; no long-term projects, no op-portunity for planning, no relief for workers, and at another pivotal mo-ment in the construction season. 
As a member of the Committee on 
Transportation and Infrastructure, today I am joining Ranking Member D
EFAZIO and E LEANOR HOLMES NORTON  
in introducing the GROW AMERICA Act on behalf of the administration. This bill would serve us well to provide $478 billion over 6 years for our high-ways, bridges, transit, rail, and high-way safety programs. This long-term and robust funding bill is a 45 percent increase over our current spending on our tatterdemalion and crumbling in-frastructure. It is the type of plan that we have to ensure that our major- league economy does not have the in-frastructure that wouldn’t even fit children playing T-ball. 
While my colleagues on the other 
side of the aisle twiddle their thumbs 2 months at a time, America is falling apart. Once one of the leaders in the world in quality infrastructure, we are now number 16, according to the World Economic Forum. According to the American Society of Engineers, the overall assessment of our Nation’s in-frastructure ranks with a whopping D- plus. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.023 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3326 May 19, 2015 
Now look at my home State of Mary-
land: 5,305 bridges are deficient; they are falling apart. That is 27 percent of the bridges in our State. Just a few months ago, one of my constituents was driving along Suitland Parkway, minding her own business, when a chunk of cement fell and hit her car hood because the bridge was in dis-repair. 
Though it is not my preference, we 
have to extend the highway trust fund today, and I challenge my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to use this time to go through a bipartisan negotiation on how to pay for our long- term and fully funded investments to construct and rebuild our roads, bridges, transit, and rail infrastruc-ture. 
Thirty-four extensions of the high-
way trust fund, 52 votes against ACA. Come on, let’s get serious. Move away from the kids’ table; get to the grown-up table and fund our highway trans-portation and infrastructure. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, the reason 
you hear so many people talking about different topics is there are three com-pletely unrelated topics in this single rule. There is the funding for all of the legislative salaries and the people who work in this building, that is one bill; another one funds roads, but only for 2 months, across the whole country; and the other one is the one that they say is for science but all the scientists op-pose. So that is why it is so confusing. There are three completely unrelated bills in here, none of which do a thing about illegal immigration. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the 
gentleman from Vermont (Mr. W
ELCH ), 
a member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
b1315 
Mr. WELCH. I thank the gentleman 
for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, we need a surface trans-
portation bill, but the last thing in the world we need is this bill, a 2-month extension. 
If this short-term plan was a nec-
essary step to get us to a long-term bill, that would make some sense; but, as speakers have noted, this is the 33rd time in the past 5 years where Congress has failed to provide long-term and sus-tainable funding for our surface trans-portation needs. This is a habit; it is not a plan. 
Mr. Speaker, this bill follows on the 
heels of the bill we passed 9 months ago, and that was a 9-month extension of surface transportation paid for by ‘‘pension smoothing.’’ You can’t make that up. 
We lowered the obligation corpora-
tions pay to pensions in order to put money in the highway transportation fund. We created a pothole in pensions to fix potholes in the highways; it makes no sense, but now, we are here on a 2-month plan—a good job, Con-gress. We were given some assurances that 
we would have a long-term bill. The fact of the matter is, Mr. Speaker, there are good long-term plans out there. Congressman R
ENACCI has a 
plan, the President has a plan, as do Congressman D
ELANEY and Congress-
man B LUMENAUER . There are policies 
out there. We don’t need a policy de-bate. We need a decision. 
The reality is we have got to make 
Congress work, do its job, and pass a long-term funding bill that is going to allow this country to modernize its air-ports, fix its bridges, make its rail-roads safer, and dredge our ports deep-er. 
We have to bring our 20th century in-
frastructure into the 21st century, and the only way we are going to get that done is by stepping up to the responsi-bility that we have to pass a long-term funding plan. 
Mr. Speaker, I have indicated to the 
Speaker himself that it is a tough job putting a bill on the floor. It always is tough when Congress has to pull the trigger on what that revenue source is going to be. 
I will support any plan that is rea-
sonable and sustainable. The only plan I won’t support is no revenue plan at all. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Wash-ington (Mr. K
ILMER ), a member of the 
Committee on Appropriations. 
Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the good gentleman from Colorado for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, prior to coming to Con-
gress, I worked at the Economic Devel-opment Board for Tacoma, and in my office, I had a sign that said: ‘‘We are competing with everyone, everywhere, every day, forever.’’ 
That sentiment was echoed in a re-
port by the National Academies last decade called, ‘‘Rising Above the Gath-ering Storm,’’ which was the main in-fluence behind the bipartisan America COMPETES Act. The report provided us with a pathway on how to increase American competitiveness so that we don’t fall behind our global competi-tors. 
Its finding were stark. The report 
told us that, if we are going to compete as a nation, if we want innovation to happen here in America, if we want jobs to be created here in America, we need to make significant investments in basic research and double the fund-ing dedicated toward research and de-velopment. That is from that report. 
That is not what we are doing here 
today. In fact, funding for basic re-search in the bill that we are currently debating fails to keep up with the rate of inflation. It fails to live up to the standards set forth in that bipartisan report. 
When this bill was first considered in 
the Science, Space, and Technology Committee last Congress, a group of my fellow members of the New Demo-cratic Coalition developed a set of prin-
ciples we thought should guide a reau-thorization of America COMPETES legislation. 
These principles included increasing 
funding for basic research, stabilizing funding for research and development, and supporting policies that spark in-novation. 
We were disappointed when the 
FIRST Act strayed away from these policies and are disappointed this America COMPETES legislation fails to make investments needed for Amer-ica to remain competitive in the 21st century. 
The amendment I introduced, along 
with my colleagues, does not call for doubling the funding for research and development in the underlying bill or put funding on pace with what was out-lined in ‘‘Rising Above the Gathering Storm.’’ The amendment we put for-ward was a compromise. Unfortu-nately, this amendment was made out of order and not brought to the floor for consideration. 
Mr. Speaker, if we fail to make crit-
ical investments in research and inno-vation, America will fall behind. Let’s take up a bill that lives up to the spirit of bipartisanship and the goals laid out in ‘‘Rising Above the Gathering Storm.’’ Let’s compete everywhere, every day, forever. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I con-
tinue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. P
ETERS ), who represents 
one of the strongest science clusters in the United States in San Diego. 
Mr. PETERS. I thank the gentleman 
for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, our country, as Mr. K
IL-
MER pointed out, is facing an ever-in-
creasing global competition for sci-entific research. We can’t afford to cede the leading edge we have built up in innovation to other countries, but 
the current level of funding in the un-derlying COMPETES bill does not pro-vide adequate and constant funding for our basic scientific endeavors. 
It cuts energy efficiency and renew-
able energy by 37 percent, cuts electric grid reliability research by 30 percent, and cuts the Advanced Research Projects Agency for Energy, or ARPA- E, by 50 percent. 
These levels will not maintain strong 
foundations for basic scientific re-search and will make it even harder for us to retain young scientists in the United States. The Scripps Institution of Oceanography, a world leader in ocean research, has noted the harmful cuts to the geoscientist program, which is used to improve prediction for events, including earthquakes, tor-nados, hurricanes, tsunamis, drought, and solar storms. At a time of increas-ingly extreme weather, we should be investing in research, not cutting it. 
Unfortunately, the amendment of-
fered by Mr. K
ILMER , Ms. E STY, and me 
to increase funding by a small but sig-nificant 3.5 percent was not even given 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.025 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3327 May 19, 2015 
a chance to have a vote here on the 
House floor. 
I ask my colleagues to oppose this 
rule and to stand up for America’s sci-entists and our competitiveness. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I con-
tinue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY ). 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. I want to thank the gentleman from the great State of Colorado for yielding and for his leadership on the Rules Committee and on so many other important issues before this Congress. 
Mr. Speaker, the highway trust fund, 
which finances highway and transpor-tation projects all across this country, is set to expire at the end of this month. It is coming right up. Passing a short-term fix is necessary because the Republicans have ignored our Nation’s transportation needs for the past 10 months, since the last short-term ex-tension was passed. 
We don’t need a short-term exten-
sion. We need long-term planning and investment in our infrastructure. The sad reality is that the United States is not investing nearly enough in its in-frastructure. As a share of gross do-mestic product, we invest about one- half of what Europe does. We invest only one-quarter of what China does. 
As you look at this chart, it shows 
the amount of road traffic volume is up 297 percent; yet the public spending on road maintenance is so much lower, 125 percent. It is nearly 2.5 times faster that we are spending—and having vol-ume go up—but we are not investing in our infrastructure to keep up with this volume. 
One out of every four bridges is 
structurally deficient or functionally obsolete in the United States. We have had two bridges with cars on them that literally collapsed in recent history. 
The question of whether to fix our in-
frastructure is not about the money. We are already spending the money, fixing our cars when they hit yet an-other pothole or wasting our time sit-ting in traffic. Why don’t we have high- speed rail like the rest of the world? 
Let’s save ourselves some time and 
money by investing wisely to support our transportation infrastructure through the highway trust fund. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I con-
tinue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self the balance of my time. 
Mr. Speaker, in closing, this rule 
under this debate covers three signifi-cant but entirely unrelated bills. That is why you are hearing people discuss highway funding; you are hearing peo-ple discuss the legislative branch, and you are hearing people discuss science. 
On the day that DACA expansion and 
DAPA were scheduled to go into effect to make sure people here illegally can pay a fine, get right with the law, and be employed legally, rather than ille-gally, we are doing nothing relating to 
restoring the rule of law and securing our borders or anything to address our broken immigration system. 
We are making sure that Members of 
Congress and our staffs get paid. That is not the wrong thing. Our hard-work-ing men and women who work here should get paid. It is a question of pri-orities. I would like to see us do some-thing about the 10 or 12 million people here illegally before we start paying ourselves and our staff. 
What about the highway trust fund? 
Again, this is an example of Congress kicking the ball down the road 2 months here, 2 months there, a month here, a month there. All the contrac-tors and subcontractors don’t even know how to present bids when they don’t know whether a yearlong or 2- year project will be funded for more than 2 months. Taxpayers wind up pay-ing more for the same amount of work because we lack the certainty. 
Then there is the COMPETES Act— 
the science bill—which targets certain kinds of science which apparently Re-publicans don’t like—for instance, the physical sciences and the geological sciences. 
Handicapping the physical sciences 
hurts our ability to recognize the causes of things like wildfires and floods that affect my district in Colo-rado, foresee patterns leading to events like the great Western drought in Cali-fornia. It seems like, if anything, there should be a focus on a very relevant form of science that impacts quality of life every day. 
They also apparently don’t like, for 
political reasons, the social sciences. Again, going after the social sciences would harm our ability to adapt for historic storms like Hurricane Sandy or the flood in New Orleans with Katrina and mitigate against floods like those in Colorado. 
There is an interface between the 
physical sciences and people, and that is the work of the social science pro-grams: how public health looks, how flood evacuations look, how disease control looks. 
These are important considerations 
and should not be politicized by this body, which is why not only I oppose this bill, but dozens of the largest sci-entific associations and coalitions op-pose this bill that ostensibly is for the cause of science. 
Having all these bills under this rule 
is what we call a grab-bag approach, just jamming unrelated legislation into ineffective packages that seem to confuse and muddle the meaningful de-bate that needs to occur. 
Since 2011, when Republicans won the 
majority of the House, this practice of jamming several unrelated bills to-gether into one rule has increased by 400 percent. This rule is an example of that, and it is why the American peo-ple suffer from the somewhat dis-jointed debate around it—one person talks about highways; another counters a point about science; another talks about the legislative branch. It is 
because they are all in here. This is a Christmas tree bill. 
Now, if it had immigration reform in 
it, I would support this Christmas tree. I could swallow the others if that was in here. I offered that to the gentleman from Washington, but unfortunately, it is not, Mr. Speaker. 
In fact, the very people that should 
be benefiting from the bills we are re-viewing today, like scientists, are actu-ally opposing the bills. That should be a signal that this body is not under-standing or heeding the needs of the American people. 
We can reject this rule. We can tell 
Congress to get back on course. We can tell Congress to do a long-term reau-thorization of transportation funding. We can tell Congress to pass a COM-PETES Act that actually fosters inno-vation and makes America more com-petitive and a legislative branch appro-priations bill that furthers the ability of this body to deliberate and be a model employer for those who work here. 
How do we do that, Mr. Speaker? We 
do that by rejecting this rule. 
If we can bring down this grab-bag, 
Christmas tree rule, we can set this Congress right. 
I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote, and I yield back 
the balance of my time. 
b1330 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself the balance of my time. 
Americans have sent us here to get 
things done. They are tired of gridlock. And we, in the 114th Congress, are on track to be one of the most productive Congresses in modern history. 
House Republicans have an aggres-
sive and forward-looking agenda which will help our economy recover and help create high-paying American jobs. 
The use of the compound rule, which 
provides for separate consideration of each underlying measure under a single rule, helps expedite legislative busi-ness. 
The consideration of one rule allows 
the House more time to debate the un-derlying measures, or to consider addi-tional legislative business. We have a lot to do, and this is an efficient way to get our work done. 
I appreciate the discussion that we 
have had over the last hour. And al-though we may have our differences of opinion, I believe that this rule and the underlying bills are strong measures that are important to the future of our country. 
This rule provides for ample debate 
on the floor: the opportunity to debate and vote on three bills and numerous amendments sponsored by both Demo-crat and Republican Members of this Chamber. This rule will provide for a smooth and deliberative process for sending these bills to the Senate for their consideration. 
These bills are solid and substantial 
measures that will address several crit-ical issues facing our country. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.026 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3328 May 19, 2015 
H.R. 1806, the America COMPETES 
Reauthorization Act of 2015, is a pro- science bill that will keep America competitive in the 21st century global economy by prioritizing taxpayer in-vestments in basic research without in-creasing overall Federal spending. 
H.R. 2250, the Legislative Branch Ap-
propriations Act of 2016, keeps funding for the legislative branch level with fiscal years 2014 and 2015 and will be used efficiently and effectively for the operations of the legislative branch of the Federal Government. 
H.R. 2353, the Highway and Transpor-
tation Funding Act of 2015, will allow transportation spending to continue through July while we in Congress work diligently toward a next step to close the shortfall in the highway trust fund. 
Currently, highway and transit 
spending authority expires at the end of this month, and officials at the De-partment of Transportation are con-cerned that Federal cash infusions to transportation projects in my State and around the country would slow or even halt as the summer construction season begins unless we extend this temporary extension. 
Overall, this is a strong rule that 
provides for consideration of three im-portant bills, and I urge my colleagues to support House Resolution 271 and the underlying bills. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
speak on H.R. 1806, the America COMPETES Act of 2015, a bill that was originally written to provide much needed support for our nation’s res arch and development activities in science and engineering. 
I thank Chairman S
ESSIONS and Ranking 
Member S LAUGHTER for the opportunity to 
speak on the Rules for H.R. 1806. 
The America COMPETES Reauthorization 
Act of 2015 as written raises serious concerns among the representatives from the scientific, academic, and business communities. 
The groups that oppose the bill include the 
American Physical Society, the American Geo-physical Union, the American Anthropological Association the Association of American Uni-versities, and the Consortium of Social Science Associations. 
Congresswoman E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON , 
Ranking Member on the House Science Com-mittee, the committee that authored the bill, will be offering a Managers Amendment to this bill. 
The Administration has also signaled that it 
will not support the bill in its current form. 
According to the Union of Concerned Sci-
entists, the bill: reduces funding for several scientific disciplines; curtails the ability of fed-eral agencies to pursue climate science; and adds burdensome new requirements to the way the National Science Foundation oper-ates. 
Perhaps most worrisome, the legislation 
would prevent the federal government from using Department of Energy-sponsored re-search to make policy. 
My amendments offered for inclusion in the 
Rule to H.R. 1806 were simple and would have improved the bill by addressing the STEM education and training gap. 
These Jackson Lee amendments focus on 
reducing the STEM gap that currently exists between people of different geographic re-
gions and socio-economic backgrounds. 
The Bureau of Labor Statistics, reports that 
as many as 1.4 million new computer science 
jobs could soon be available in the United States, but only 400,000 students will be en-rolled in programs at colleges and universities that would prepare them to take these jobs. 
This disparity is often referred to as the 
STEM gap. 
Only 1 out of 10 high schools in the U.S. 
offer computer science programs. 
It is estimated that the education systems in 
25 states do not count computer science classes toward high school graduation. 
Both economists and business leaders have 
identified that the future of the American econ-omy will 130 in STEM fields, which the Bureau of Labor Statistics estimates win create more than 9 million jobs between 2012 and 2022. 
The STEM gap is more pronounced when 
considering minority groups. 
U.S. Census 2010 data from the National 
Science Foundation and the U.S. Census Bu-reau, showed that underrepresented minorities earned 18.6 percent of total undergraduate degrees from 4-year colleges, but only 16.4 percent of the degrees in science fields and less than 13 percent of degrees in physical sciences and engineering. 
Many historically underrepresented groups, 
including low income urban, rural and Native American communities have difficulty access-ing STEM education and job training opportu-nities. 
By including all of the Jackson Lee Amend-
ments in the Rule the committee could have made significant progress in reducing the STEM gap underserved populations with the chance to participate in the economy of the fu-ture. 
Jackson Lee Amendments offered on H.R. 
1806, included: Jackson Lee Amendment #3, which the Rules Committee has included in the Rule for the bill would create state and re-gional workshops to train K–12 teachers in project-based science and technology learn-ing, which will allow them to provide instruc-tion in initiating robotics and other STEM com-petition team development programs. 
This amendment also leverages the collabo-
ration among higher education, businesses, local private and public education agencies to support STEM efforts at schools located in areas with unemployment is 1 percent or more above the national rate. 
Robotics competitions and other similar 
competitive opportunities have proven to be one of the most successful paths for engaging young minds in STEM education. 
Competitions such as FIRST, a national ro-
botics competition that engages 400,000 stu-dents each year and awards millions of dollars in scholarships are paving the way for future STEM success. 
Jackson Lee Amendments Not included in 
the Rule: Jackson Lee Amendment #17 would have increased awareness among underrep-resented groups in STEM employment and education opportunities by providing informa-tion on certification, undergraduate and grad-uate STEM programs. 
One of the most enduring difficulties faced 
by underrepresented populations is a lack of awareness and understanding of the connec-tion between STEM and employment opportu-nities. 
In 2012, a survey found that despite the na-
tion’s growing demand for more workers in science, technology, engineering, and math, 
the skills gap among the largest ethnic and ra-cial minorities groups remain stubbornly wide. 
Blacks and Latinos account for only 7 per-
cent, of the STEM workforce despite rep-resenting 28 percent of the U.S. population. 
Jackson Lee Amendment #18 would have 
made sure that the issue of reducing the skills and education gap of underrepresented groups in STEM degree programs is consid-ered as current STEM education federal pro-grams were reviewed. 
Jackson Lee Amendment #19 could have 
furthered the skills development and training 
of teachers who provide instruction in K–12 STEM courses where 40 percent of the stu-dents are on free or reduced lunch programs or in areas where unemployment is 1 percent or more above the national average. 
Although most STEM specific education oc-
curs in college and graduate school, interest in STEM fields must be fostered from a young age through successful K–12 programs. 
Many schools serving low-income students 
lack the resources to provide continuity of STEM K–12 education, and as a result, stu-dents lose the opportunity to develop the skills that will prepare them for higher STEM edu-cation. 
Jackson Lee Amendment #21 was an effort 
to identify no-cost or low-cost summer and after school science and technology education programs and have that information broadly disseminated to the public. 
Throughout primary and secondary edu-
cation, skills retention is one of the most pressing concerns facing underrepresented students. 
Without access to after-school and summer 
programs, even those students with a passion for STEM risk falling behind their peers. 
Jackson Lee Amendment #22 made grants 
available to local education agencies to sup-port training in STEM education methods to teachers to improve their instruction at schools serving neglected, delinquent, and migrant students, English learners, at-risk students, and Native Americans as determined by the director. 
Jackson Lee Amendment #23 establishes 
within the Directorate for Education and Human Resources an Office of STEM Edu-cation Gap Awareness with the duties of re-ducing the STEM gap in K–12 and post-sec-ondary education among underrepresented populations. 
The Jackson Lee amendments are intended 
to bridge the STEM gap in rural and urban areas where opportunities for training in STEM that can enhance the productivity of busi-nesses large and small are lacking. 
The Brookings’ Metropolitan Policy Pro-
gram’s report ‘‘The Hidden STEM Economy,’’ reported that in 2011, 26 million jobs or 20 percent of all occupations required knowledge in 1 or more STEM areas. 
Half of all STEM jobs are available to work-
ers without a 4 year degree and these jobs pay on average $53,000 a year, which is 10 percent higher than jobs with similar education requirements. 
There will be STEM winners and losers not 
because the skills needed are too difficult to obtain, but because people are not aware of the jobs that are going unfilled today nor do they know what education or training will cre-ate job security for the next 2 to 3 decades. 
I am very aware of the importance of STEM 
job training and education. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:41 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.028 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3329 May 19, 2015 
A third of Houston jobs are in STEM-based 
fields. 
Houston has the second largest concentra-
tions of engineers (22.4 for every 1,000 work-ers according to the Greater Houston Partner-ship). 
Houston has 59,070 engineers, the second 
largest population in the nation. 
STEM jobs are at the core of Houston’s 
economic success, but what we have done with STEM innovation and job creation in the city of Houston is not enough to satisfy the re-gion’s demand for STEM trained workers. 
Houston anticipates that in the next 5 years 
the gap in the number of people with STEM skills and training will not keep up with the number of positions requiring those skills. 
This is not just true for Houston, Texas—it 
is true for every region of the nation—whether you live in a rural community or urban center. 
By 2018 the United States will need: 
710,000 Computing workers; 160,000 Engi-neers; 70,000 Physical Scientists; 40,000 Life Science workers; 20,000 Mathematics work-ers. 
STEM Computing Jobs are critical to Amer-
ica’s future: Software engineers; Computer networking workers; Systems analysis; Com-puter researcher or support workers. 
Types of STEM Engineering Jobs: Structural 
Engineers; Mechanical Engineers; Software Engineers; Electrical Engineers; Automotive Engineers; Aeronautical Engineers; Naval En-gineers; Architects. 
Types of STEM Physical Sciences Jobs: Bi-
ologists; Zoologists; Agricultural; Food Sci-entists; Conservation Scientists; Medical Sci-entists; Climatologists. 
Types of STEM Life Scientists [PhDs]: Polit-
ical Science; Economists; Anthropologists; Ar-chaeology; Cultural Researchers; Language Experts (Linguistic and Language Skills). 
Types of STEM Mathematics: Teachers; 
Physicists; Cryptographers; Statisticians; Ac-countants. 
In order to ensure that underserved popu-
lations reach the level of STEM education and opportunity they choose to pursue, I believe it is integral to create an office that will focus on closing the STEM education gap. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. 
The previous question was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the resolution. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, on that I 
demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15- minute vote on adoption of the resolu-tion will be followed by a 5-minute vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass S. 178. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 242, nays 179, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 243] 
YEAS—242 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash 
Amodei Babin Barletta 
Barr Barton Benishek 
Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black 
Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler 
Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. 
Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) 
Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom 
Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—179 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney 
Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar 
Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty 
Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis 
Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) 
Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) 
NOT VOTING—11 
Brady (PA) Capps Chaffetz Deutch Donovan 
Gosar Hastings Moore Sanchez, Loretta 
Tsongas Yarmuth 
b1359 
Ms. CLARKE of New York, Messrs. 
LARSON of Connecticut, and HONDA changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
JUSTICE FOR VICTIMS OF 
TRAFFICKING ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 178) to provide justice for the victims of trafficking, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 420, nays 3, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 244] 
YEAS—420 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford 
Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra 
Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY7.017 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3330 May 19, 2015 
Bishop (UT) 
Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook 
Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick 
Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding 
Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence 
Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) 
Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) 
Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions 
Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey 
Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—3 
Conyers Massie Scott (VA) 
NOT VOTING—9 
Brady (PA) 
Capps Chaffetz Donovan 
Grayson Hastings Moore 
Sanchez, Loretta Tsongas 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
FLEISCHMANN ) (during the vote). There 
are 2 minutes remaining. 
b1407 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
PERMISSION TO POSTPONE PRO-
CEEDINGS ON MOTION TO RE-COMMIT ON H.R. 2353, HIGHWAY AND TRANSPORTATION FUNDING ACT OF 2015 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that the question of adopting a motion to recommit on H.R. 2353 may be subject to postpone-ment as though under clause 8 of rule XX. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? 
There was no objection. 
f 
HIGHWAY AND TRANSPORTATION 
FUNDING ACT OF 2015 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on H.R. 2353. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, pursu-
ant to House Resolution 271, I call up the bill (H.R. 2353) to provide an exten-sion of Federal-aid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 271, the bill is considered read. 
The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2353 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; RECONCILIATION OF 
FUNDS; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Highway and Transportation Funding Act of 2015’’. 
(b) R
ECONCILIATION OF FUNDS .—The Sec-
retary of Transportation shall reduce the amount apportioned or allocated for a pro-gram, project, or activity under this Act in fiscal year 2015 by amounts apportioned or allocated pursuant to the Highway and Transportation Funding Act of 2014, includ-ing the amendments made by that Act, for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on May 31, 2015. 
(c) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; reconciliation of funds; 
table of contents. 
TITLE I—SURFACE TRANSPORTATION 
PROGRAM EXTENSION 
Subtitle A—Federal-Aid Highways 
Sec. 1001. Extension of Federal-aid highway 
programs. 
Sec. 1002. Administrative expenses. 
Subtitle B—Extension of Highway Safety 
Programs 
Sec. 1101. Extension of national highway 
traffic safety administration highway safety programs. 
Sec. 1102. Extension of Federal Motor Car-
rier Safety Administration pro-grams. 
Sec. 1103. Dingell-Johnson Sport Fish Res-
toration Act. 
Subtitle C—Public Transportation Programs 
Sec. 1201. Formula grants for rural areas. 
Sec. 1202. Apportionment of appropriations 
for formula grants. 
Sec. 1203. Authorizations for public trans-
portation. 
Sec. 1204. Bus and bus facilities formula 
grants. 
Subtitle D—Hazardous Materials 
Sec. 1301. Authorization of appropriations. 
TITLE II—REVENUE PROVISIONS 
Sec. 2001. Extension of Highway Trust Fund 
expenditure authority. 
TITLE I—SURFACE TRANSPORTATION 
PROGRAM EXTENSION 
Subtitle A—Federal-Aid Highways 
SEC. 1001. EXTENSION OF FEDERAL-AID HIGH-
WAY PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1001(a) of the 
Highway and Transportation Funding Act of 2014 (128 Stat. 1840) is amended by striking ‘‘May 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘July 31, 2015’’. 
(b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
(1) H IGHWAY TRUST FUND .—Section 
1001(b)(1) of the Highway and Transportation Funding Act of 2014 (128 Stat. 1840) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘for the period beginning on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY7.008 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3331 May 19, 2015 
October 1, 2014, and ending on May 31, 2015, a 
sum equal to 243⁄365of the total amount’’ and 
inserting ‘‘for the period beginning on Octo-ber 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015, a sum equal to 
304⁄365of the total amount’’. 
(2) G ENERAL FUND .—Section 1123(h)(1) of 
MAP–21 (23 U.S.C. 202 note) is amended by striking ‘‘and $19,972,603 out of the general fund of the Treasury to carry out the pro-gram for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on May 31, 2015’’ and insert-ing ‘‘and $24,986,301 out of the general fund of the Treasury to carry out the program for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’. 
(c) U
SE OF FUNDS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 1001(c)(1) of the 
Highway and Transportation Funding Act of 2014 (128 Stat. 1840) is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘May 31, 2015,’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘July 31, 2015,’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘
243⁄365’’ and inserting 
‘‘304⁄365’’. 
(2) O BLIGATION CEILING .—Section 1102 of 
MAP–21 (23 U.S.C. 104 note) is amended— 
(A) in subsection (a) by striking paragraph 
(3) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(3) $33,528,284,932 for the period beginning 
on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015.’’; 
(B) in subsection (b)(12) by striking ‘‘, and 
for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on May 31, 2015, only in an amount equal to $639,000,000, less any reduc-tions that would have otherwise been re-quired for that year by section 251A of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901a), then mul-tiplied by 
243⁄365for that period’’ and insert-
ing ‘‘, and for the period beginning on Octo-ber 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015, only in an amount equal to $639,000,000, less any reductions that would have otherwise been required for that year by section 251A of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901a), then mul-tiplied by 
304⁄365for that period’’; 
(C) in subsection (c)— (i) in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by 
striking ‘‘May 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘July 31, 2015,’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (2) in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and end-ing May 31, 2015, that is equal to 
243⁄365of such 
unobligated balance’’ and inserting ‘‘for the 
period beginning on October 1, 2014, and end-ing on July 31, 2015, that is equal to 
304⁄365of 
such unobligated balance’’; and 
(D) in subsection (f)(1) in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘May 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘July 31, 2015,’’. 
SEC. 1002. ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES. 
Section 1002 of the Highway and Transpor-
tation Funding Act of 2014 (128 Stat. 1842) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a) by striking ‘‘for ad-
ministrative expenses of the Federal-aid highway program $292,931,507 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on May 31, 2015.’’ and inserting ‘‘for administra-tive expenses of the Federal-aid highway program $366,465,753 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015.’’; and 
(2) by striking subsection (b)(2) and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(2) for the period beginning on October 1, 
2014, and ending on July 31, 2015, subject to the limitations on administrative expenses under the heading ‘Federal Highway Admin-istration’ in appropriations Acts that apply to that period.’’. Subtitle B—Extension of Highway Safety 
Programs 
SEC. 1101. EXTENSION OF NATIONAL HIGHWAY 
TRAFFIC SAFETY ADMINISTRATION HIGHWAY SAFETY PROGRAMS. 
(a) E XTENSION OF PROGRAMS .— 
(1) H IGHWAY SAFETY PROGRAMS .—Section 
31101(a)(1)(C) of MAP–21 (126 Stat. 733) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(C) $195,726,027 for the period beginning on 
October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015.’’. 
(2) H
IGHWAY SAFETY RESEARCH AND DEVEL -
OPMENT .—Section 31101(a)(2)(C) of MAP–21 
(126 Stat. 733) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(C) $94,531,507 for the period beginning on 
October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015.’’. 
(3) N ATIONAL PRIORITY SAFETY PROGRAMS .— 
Section 31101(a)(3)(C) of MAP–21 (126 Stat. 733) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(C) $226,542,466 for the period beginning on 
October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015.’’. 
(4) N
ATIONAL DRIVER REGISTER .—Section 
31101(a)(4)(C) of MAP–21 (126 Stat. 733) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(C) $4,164,384 for the period beginning on 
October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015.’’. 
(5) H
IGH VISIBILITY ENFORCEMENT PRO -
GRAM .— 
(A) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
Section 31101(a)(5)(C) of MAP–21 (126 Stat. 733) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(C) $24,153,425 for the period beginning on 
October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015.’’. 
(B) L
AW ENFORCEMENT CAMPAIGNS .—Section 
2009(a) of SAFETEA–LU (23 U.S.C. 402 note) is amended— 
(i) in the first sentence by striking ‘‘May 
31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘July 31, 2015’’; and 
(ii) in the second sentence by striking 
‘‘May 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘July 31, 2015,’’. 
(6) A
DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .—Section 
31101(a)(6)(C) of MAP–21 (126 Stat. 733) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(C) $21,238,356 for the period beginning on 
October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015.’’. 
(b) C
OOPERATIVE RESEARCH AND EVALUA -
TION.—Section 403(f)(1) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and $1,664,384 of the total amount available for apportionment to the States for highway safety programs under section 402(c) in the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and end-
ing on May 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $2,082,192 of the total amount available for apportionment to the States for highway safety programs under section 402(c) in the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and end-ing on July 31, 2015,’’. 
(c) A
PPLICABILITY OF TITLE 23.—Section 
31101(c) of MAP–21 (126 Stat. 733) is amended by striking ‘‘May 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘July 31, 2015,’’. 
SEC. 1102. EXTENSION OF FEDERAL MOTOR CAR-
RIER SAFETY ADMINISTRATION PRO-GRAMS. 
(a) M OTOR CARRIER SAFETY GRANTS .—Sec-
tion 31104(a)(10) of title 49, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(10) $181,567,123 for the period beginning 
on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015.’’. 
(b) A
DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .—Section 
31104(i)(1)(J) of title 49, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(J) $215,715,068 for the period beginning on 
October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015.’’. 
(c) G
RANT PROGRAMS .— 
(1) C OMMERCIAL DRIVER ’S LICENSE PROGRAM  
IMPROVEMENT GRANTS .—Section 4101(c)(1) of 
SAFETEA–LU (119 Stat. 1715) is amended by striking ‘‘and $19,972,603 for the period begin-ning on October 1, 2014, and ending on May 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘and $24,986,301 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and end-ing on July 31, 2015’’. 
(2) B
ORDER ENFORCEMENT GRANTS .—Section 
4101(c)(2) of SAFETEA–LU (119 Stat. 1715) is amended by striking ‘‘and $21,304,110 for the 
period beginning on October 1, 2014, and end-ing on May 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘and $26,652,055 for the period beginning on Octo-ber 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’. 
(3) P
ERFORMANCE AND REGISTRATION INFOR -
MATION SYSTEM MANAGEMENT GRANT PRO -
GRAM .—Section 4101(c)(3) of SAFETEA–LU 
(119 Stat. 1715) is amended by striking ‘‘and $3,328,767 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on May 31, 2015’’ and in-serting ‘‘and $4,164,384 for the period begin-ning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’. 
(4) C
OMMERCIAL VEHICLE INFORMATION SYS -
TEMS AND NETWORKS DEPLOYMENT PROGRAM .— 
Section 4101(c)(4) of SAFETEA–LU (119 Stat. 1715) is amended by striking ‘‘and $16,643,836 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on May 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘and $20,821,918 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’. 
(5) S
AFETY DATA IMPROVEMENT GRANTS .— 
Section 4101(c)(5) of SAFETEA–LU (119 Stat. 1715) is amended by striking ‘‘and $1,997,260 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on May 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘and $2,498,630 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’. 
(d) H
IGH-PRIORITY ACTIVITIES .—Section 
31104(k)(2) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and up to $9,986,301 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on May 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and up to $12,493,151 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’. 
(e) N
EW ENTRANT AUDITS .—Section 
31144(g)(5)(B) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and up to $21,304,110 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on May 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and up to $26,652,055 for the period begin-ning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’. 
(f) O
UTREACH AND EDUCATION .—Section 
4127(e) of SAFETEA–LU (119 Stat. 1741) is amended by striking ‘‘and $2,663,014 to the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administra-
tion for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on May 31, 2015,’’ and insert-ing ‘‘and $3,331,507 to the Federal Motor Car-rier Safety Administration for the period be-ginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’. 
(g) G
RANT PROGRAM FOR COMMERCIAL  
MOTOR VEHICLE OPERATORS .—Section 4134(c) 
of SAFETEA–LU (49 U.S.C. 31301 note) is amended by striking ‘‘and $665,753 for the pe-riod beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on May 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $832,877 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’. 
SEC. 1103. DINGELL-JOHNSON SPORT FISH RES-
TORATION ACT. 
Section 4 of the Dingell-Johnson Sport 
Fish Restoration Act (16 U.S.C. 777c) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a) in the matter pre-
ceding paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘May 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘July 31, 2015’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b)(1)(A) by striking ‘‘May 
31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘July 31, 2015,’’. 
Subtitle C—Public Transportation Programs 
SEC. 1201. FORMULA GRANTS FOR RURAL AREAS. 
Section 5311(c)(1) of title 49, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘and 
$3,328,767 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on May 31, 2015,’’ and in-serting ‘‘and $4,164,384 for the period begin-ning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’; and 
(2) in subparagraph (B) by striking ‘‘and 
$16,643,836 for the period beginning on Octo-ber 1, 2014, and ending on May 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $20,821,918 for the period be-ginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY7.009 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3332 May 19, 2015 
SEC. 1202. APPORTIONMENT OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS FOR FORMULA GRANTS. 
Section 5336(h)(1) of title 49, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and $19,972,603 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on May 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $24,986,301 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’. 
SEC. 1203. AUTHORIZATIONS FOR PUBLIC TRANS-
PORTATION. 
(a) F ORMULA GRANTS .—Section 5338(a) of 
title 49, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘and 
$5,722,150,685 for the period beginning on Oc-tober 1, 2014, and ending on May 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘and $7,158,575,342 for the period be-ginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘and 
$85,749,041 for the period beginning on Octo-ber 1, 2014, and ending on May 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $107,274,521 for the period be-ginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (B) by striking ‘‘and 
$6,657,534 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on May 31, 2015,’’ and in-serting ‘‘and $8,328,767 for the period begin-ning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’; 
(C) in subparagraph (C) by striking ‘‘and 
$2,968,361,507 for the period beginning on Oc-tober 1, 2014, and ending on May 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $3,713,505,753 for the pe-riod beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’; 
(D) in subparagraph (D) by striking ‘‘and 
$171,964,110 for the period beginning on Octo-ber 1, 2014, and ending on May 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $215,132,055 for the period be-ginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’; 
(E) in subparagraph (E)— (i) by striking ‘‘and $404,644,932 for the pe-
riod beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on May 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $506,222,466 for the period beginning on Octo-ber 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’; 
(ii) by striking ‘‘and $19,972,603 for the pe-
riod beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on May 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $24,986,301 for the period beginning on Octo-ber 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’; and 
(iii) by striking ‘‘and $13,315,068 for the pe-
riod beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on May 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $16,657,534 for the period beginning on Octo-ber 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’; 
(F) in subparagraph (F) by striking ‘‘and 
$1,997,260 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on May 31, 2015,’’ and in-serting ‘‘and $2,498,630 for the period begin-ning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’; 
(G) in subparagraph (G) by striking ‘‘and 
$3,328,767 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on May 31, 2015,’’ and in-serting ‘‘and $4,164,384 for the period begin-ning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’; 
(H) in subparagraph (H) by striking ‘‘and 
$2,563,151 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on May 31, 2015,’’ and in-serting ‘‘and $3,206,575 for the period begin-ning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’; 
(I) in subparagraph (I) by striking ‘‘and 
$1,441,955,342 for the period beginning on Oc-tober 1, 2014, and ending on May 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $1,803,927,671 for the pe-riod beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’; 
(J) in subparagraph (J) by striking ‘‘and 
$284,809,315 for the period beginning on Octo-ber 1, 2014, and ending on May 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $356,304,658 for the period be-ginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on 
July 31, 2015,’’; and 
(K) in subparagraph (K) by striking ‘‘and 
$350,119,726 for the period beginning on Octo-ber 1, 2014, and ending on May 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $438,009,863 for the period be-ginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’. 
(b) R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT DEMONSTRA -
TION AND DEPLOYMENT PROJECTS .—Section 
5338(b) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and $46,602,740 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and end-ing on May 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘and $58,301,370 for the period beginning on Octo-ber 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’. 
(c) T
RANSIT COOPERATIVE RESEARCH PRO-
GRAM .—Section 5338(c) of title 49, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and $4,660,274 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on May 31, 2015’’ and in-serting ‘‘and $5,830,137 for the period begin-ning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’. 
(d) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AND STANDARDS  
DEVELOPMENT .—Section 5338(d) of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and $4,660,274 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on May 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘and $5,830,137 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’. 
(e) H
UMAN RESOURCES AND TRAINING .—Sec-
tion 5338(e) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and $3,328,767 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and end-ing on May 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘and $4,164,384 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’. 
(f) C
APITAL INVESTMENT GRANTS .—Section 
5338(g) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and $1,269,591,781 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on May 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘and $1,558,295,890 for the period beginning on Oc-tober 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’. 
(g) A
DMINISTRATION .—Section 5338(h) of 
title 49, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘and 
$69,238,356 for the period beginning on Octo-ber 1, 2014, and ending on May 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘and $86,619,178 for the period be-ginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2) by striking ‘‘and not 
less than $3,328,767 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on May 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and not less than $4,164,384 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (3) by striking ‘‘and not 
less than $665,753 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on May 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and not less than $832,877 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’. 
SEC. 1204. BUS AND BUS FACILITIES FORMULA 
GRANTS. 
Section 5339(d)(1) of title 49, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘and $43,606,849 for the pe-
riod beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on May 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $54,553,425 for the period beginning on Octo-ber 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘$832,192 for such period’’ 
and inserting ‘‘$1,041,096 for such period’’; and 
(3) by striking ‘‘$332,877 for such period’’ 
and inserting ‘‘$416,438 for such period’’. 
Subtitle D—Hazardous Materials 
SEC. 1301. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5128(a)(3) of title 
49, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(3) $35,615,474 for the period beginning on 
October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015.’’. (b) H
AZARDOUS MATERIALS EMERGENCY  
PREPAREDNESS FUND.—Section 5128(b)(2) of 
title 49, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(2) F
ISCAL YEAR 2015 .—From the Hazardous 
Materials Emergency Preparedness Fund es-tablished under section 5116(i), the Secretary may expend for the period beginning on Oc-tober 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015— 
‘‘(A) $156,581 to carry out section 5115; ‘‘(B) $18,156,712 to carry out subsections (a) 
and (b) of section 5116, of which not less than $11,368,767 shall be available to carry out sec-tion 5116(b); 
‘‘(C) $124,932 to carry out section 5116(f); ‘‘(D) $520,548 to publish and distribute the 
Emergency Response Guidebook under sec-tion 5116(i)(3); and 
‘‘(E) $832,877 to carry out section 5116(j).’’. 
(c) H
AZARDOUS MATERIALS TRAINING  
GRANTS .—Section 5128(c) of title 49, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and $2,663,014 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on May 31, 2015,’’ and in-serting ‘‘and $3,331,507 for the period begin-ning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’. 
TITLE II—REVENUE PROVISIONS 
SEC. 2001. EXTENSION OF HIGHWAY TRUST FUND 
EXPENDITURE AUTHORITY. 
(a) H IGHWAY TRUST FUND.—Section 9503 of 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amend-ed— 
(1) by striking ‘‘June 1, 2015’’ in sub-
sections (b)(6)(B), (c)(1), and (e)(3) and insert-ing ‘‘August 1, 2015’’, and 
(2) by striking ‘‘Highway and Transpor-
tation Funding Act of 2014’’ in subsections (c)(1) and (e)(3) and inserting ‘‘Highway and Transportation Funding Act of 2015’’. 
(b) S
PORT FISHRESTORATION AND BOATING  
TRUST FUND.—Section 9504 of the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘Highway and Transpor-
tation Funding Act of 2014’’ each place it ap-pears in subsection (b)(2) and inserting ‘‘Highway and Transportation Funding Act of 2015’’, and 
(2) by striking ‘‘June 1, 2015’’ in subsection 
(d)(2) and inserting ‘‘August 1, 2015’’. 
(c) L
EAKING UNDERGROUND STORAGE TANK 
TRUST FUND.—Section 9508(e)(2) of the Inter-
nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘June 1, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘Au-gust 1, 2015’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. S HU-
STER ) and the gentleman from Oregon 
(Mr. D EFAZIO) each will control 30 min-
utes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support 
of H.R. 2353, the Highway and Trans-portation Funding Act of 2015. This bill will extend the Federal surface trans-portation programs for 2 months, through July of 2015. 
H.R. 2353 is a clean extension of the 
surface transportation programs, fund-ed at the authorized amounts for fiscal year 2014. No transfer of funding to the highway trust fund is necessary be-cause the trust fund will remain sol-vent during the period. However, we will more than likely have to pass an-other short-term patch before the Au-gust recess and take steps to ensure the trust fund remains solvent. I hope all of you will support H.R. 2353. 
I have to say, a short-term extension 
through the end of July was not our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY7.009 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3333 May 19, 2015 
preferred path forward. Our hope was 
to extend the surface programs through the end of the calendar year. That would have ensured reliable fund-ing for the States through the con-struction season. A longer extension would also have allowed us to focus on finding a long-term funding solution within the context of tax reform with-out the distraction of needing to ad-dress a shortfall in the highway trust fund later this summer. Unfortunately, we were unable to reach an agreement on a 7-month extension, and so we are left with a 2-month patch. 
Mr. Speaker, we have an immediate, 
critical need to extend the current sur-face transportation law. If Congress fails to act, over 4,000 Department of Transportation personnel will be fur-loughed and the States will not be able to be reimbursed. Transportation projects and jobs across the country will be at risk. 
I appreciate Chairman R
YAN’s atten-
tion to this pressing issue, as well as his commitment to addressing the long-term solvency of the highway trust fund. A long-term reauthoriza-tion bill will continue to be a top pri-ority for this committee. I look for-ward to working with Chairman R
YAN, 
Ranking Member D EFAZIO, and others 
to achieve a long-term bill. 
With that, Mr. Speaker, I reserve the 
balance of my time. 
Mr. D EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Well, here we are again, yet another 
short-term pass. It is a heck of a way to run a great nation. Our system is falling apart: 140,000 bridges on the Na-tional Highway System need repair or replacement; 40 percent of the surface National Highway System is in such bad shape we have to dig up the road-bed and resurface; and we have an $86 billion backlog in transit just to bring the existing transit up to a state of good repair. It is so bad that we are killing people in the Nation’s Capital unnecessarily because of the state of disrepair of the Metro system. 
It is embarrassing. The United States 
of America has gone from number one in the world, unparalleled in terms of its infrastructure in the Eisenhower era and through a good deal of the lat-ter part of the last century, to 26th and falling fast. We are investing less of a percentage of our GDP in infrastruc-ture repairs and maintenance—let alone, building out a new system—than virtually every nation in the world. 
b1415 
We are down to around 1 percent. 
There are many developing nations who are investing much, much more because they know they have to move their people and their goods more effi-ciently in a world economy. 
We cannot continue to kick this can 
down the road. The road is at a dead end. Today, we will reluctantly go along with a 2-month patch because, if we do not act today, at the end of this month, June 1, 4,000 people will be laid off at DOT and all Federal funding for 
surface transportation and transit would stop. That would be the end of it. It wouldn’t be authorized. 
States that had bills pending 
couldn’t be paid, and States that want to get new commitments for new projects wouldn’t be able to do it, a tragedy at the height of the construc-tion season. Sixty days should be enough time to negotiate a long-term bill. 
Today, we introduce the GROW 
AMERICA Act written by the adminis-tration. It has many, many good points to it, especially the spending levels. We need to enhance spending. We can’t pretend, Oh, we are going to do more with less. We are past that point. 
Look at what has happened to the 
purchasing power of the gas tax, which hasn’t been changed since 1993, two and a half times faster road traffic volume is going up than we are dealing with the funding issues. We are in a huge deficit situation, and there are many, many ways—many of them proposed on a bipartisan basis—to deal with this. We should be able to work that out. 
More importantly, this committee 
writes the policy. We introduced a bill today that sets the levels for $87 bil-lion. It is an increase in transit to deal with the backlog, an increase in high-ways to deal with the insufficiencies there, a new dedicated program for freight; and it puts some more money into rail—commuter rail, in par-ticular—to deal with positive train control and other issues. 
We believe that this is the last wake- 
up call to give Congress time. Sixty days is more than enough time to write a long-term authorization and for the Ways and Means Committee to figure out a way to fund it. 
With that, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Mis-souri (Mr. G
RAVES ), the chairman of 
the Subcommittee on Highways and Transit. 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speak-
er, I also want to thank, in addition to this patch, I want to thank Chairman S
HUSTER and Chairman R YANfor their 
very hard work towards a long-term re-authorization of the Federal highway bill. 
Mr. Speaker, my home State of Mis-
souri has nearly 35,000 highway miles and over 10,000 bridges that are prac-tically begging for our attention. As chairman of the House Subcommittee on Highways and Transit, every single day I hear about the need to improve and repair our roadways in this coun-try. 
As you can imagine, this isn’t a sim-
ple task. This is a job that is going to take years to complete. It requires the hard work and cooperation of thou-sands of men and women and relies on partnerships between the stakeholders, local governments, and Washington. 
Most importantly, though, a task of 
this magnitude requires that those re-sponsible for planning each project, the 
State and local governments, are able to do so with confidence. They need certainty not only in this year’s budg-et, but also the budgets for the next 5 or 6 years. 
This 2-month extension does not 
come under ideal circumstances, but it is going to ensure that States are reim-bursed for their expenses on Federal projects, and it is going to give us the time to craft a bipartisan long-term re-authorization that we so desperately need. 
Long-term reauthorization is critical 
for everyone who plays a role in im-proving our Nation’s highways and bridges. For too long, they have been forced to operate off of short-term ex-tension after short-term extension, and this makes the already difficult job of maintaining our roadways nearly im-possible. 
This Congress, we have a huge oppor-
tunity to secure a long-term highway bill that is going to improve, rebuild, and modernize America’s highway sys-tem. It is time that we come together to do just that, and I hope this exten-sion gives us the time to come up with that agreement that we need. 
Again, I want to thank both chair-
men for their hard work, and I look forward to finalizing a much-needed long-term reauthorization. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
21⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from 
the District of Columbia (Ms. N ORTON ), 
the ranking member of the Highways and Transit Subcommittee. 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
my good friend for yielding. 
By July, when this new patch ex-
pires, Mr. Speaker, we shall have spent a full year since the last patch, not even trying to make progress toward a long-term authorization bill. 
We have acquired a dangerous habit— 
33 since the last long-term bill—of patches that create no urgency to get a long-term bill done. The Ways and Means Committee, the funding com-mittee for this bill, is holding its first hearing next month. The frustration in the States has accumulated as fast as the untenable backlog of projects. An-other construction season has already been sacrificed. 
The reason we are here is itself a 
comment on congressional neglect of the Nation’s infrastructure. States have slowed down their request for re-imbursements from the trust fund be-cause the unreplenished fund, together with the short-term patches, make it impossible for States, themselves, to even begin projects of any size. 
Mr. Speaker, the States have already 
scaled back their plans for 2015 that would have created jobs. This self-in-flicted crisis is threatening other jobs, too—many Federal employees in my district and thousands of others throughout the country. If Congress fails to take action by May 31, many Federal employees will be furloughed; Federal reimbursements will stop, and the highway and transit programs will 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:41 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.034 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3334 May 19, 2015 
shut down. The hidden costs are even 
worse, the many economic develop-ment projects in the country that can’t be started until roads, bridges, and transit to accommodate them are done. 
Today, the Democrats on the Trans-
portation and Infrastructure Com-mittee have introduced the President’s GROW AMERICA Act. We are putting a good bill on the table. Change it or do your own substitute, but do not leave the Nation’s infrastructure twisting in the dust of another delay. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Arkan-sas (Mr. C
RAWFORD ). 
Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Speaker, first, 
let me thank Chairman S HUSTER and 
Ranking Member D EFAZIO for their 
hard work and to the rest of the com-mittee for the hours of work already done on a long-term transportation bill. 
I rise today in support of H.R. 2353 to 
prevent the shutdown of funding for in-frastructure improvement. I believe there is shared commitment between the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee and most of the Members of the House to pass a fully funded, multiyear highway bill. 
With the debt crisis we continue to 
battle, it is becoming more and more difficult to find the much-needed re-sources for our most critical needs. That leaves few options at our imme-diate disposal, most of which are not palatable in this economic environ-ment. 
Members of both the Transportation 
Committee and the Ways and Means Committee will have to take a closer look at potential funding alternatives and be creative in how to finance a re-liable and modern infrastructure sys-tem, and at the same time, we need to work towards getting our country back on a path of fiscal solvency. 
As we work on a long-term solution, 
we should examine how to reform the highway trust fund to prevent finding ourselves in this same position over and over. A consistent funding mecha-nism, paired with a more transparent system that demonstrates effective use of taxpayer dollars, will put us in a better position to fund critical infra-structure projects and instill more con-fidence on the part of our constituents. 
I hope my colleagues will join me in 
supporting H.R. 2353 so we can continue work on a multiyear transportation bill to ensure our Nation’s growth. Failure to act threatens our general contractors and their employees, sup-pliers, and puts at risk the jobs that are both directly and indirectly sup-ported by these projects. 
Mr. Speaker, if we want to keep our 
folks in business and continue any meaningful growth in our economy, then we must find a reliable, long-term solution. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. N
ADLER ). 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this 
bill to extend highway and transit pro-grams for 2 months, but with reserva-tions. 
The last surface transportation bill, 
MAP–21, expired last fall. At that time, we passed an extension to the end of this month to give us time to work on a long-term bill. We have known for months that this day was coming; yet we have made no progress finding a so-lution to funding highways, transit, and other important surface transpor-tation programs. 
MAP–21, itself, was only a 2-year bill, 
breaking the tradition of Congress passing 5- or 6-year bills to provide the reliable funding necessary to promote long-term capital plans and projects that require a commitment beyond 1 fiscal year. The last long-term bill we passed was SAFETEA-LU in 2005. That was 10 years ago, and that bill was un-derfunded because of a resistance to raising the gasoline tax or to identi-fying new revenue sources. 
For over a decade, we have failed to 
address the funding challenges nec-essary to break the cycle of under-investment and put this country back on a competitive path with the rest of the work. 
Today, we spend about 1.7 percent of 
GDP on infrastructure, while China spends 9 percent and Europe spends 4
1⁄2 
to 5 percent. We used to spend 41⁄2to 5 
percent also. 
According to DOT, there is an $800 
billion backlog of investment needs on highways and bridges, including $479 billion in critical repair work. Public transit has an $86 billion backlog of critical maintenance and repair needs, which increases by $2.5 billion each year as bus and rail infrastructure ages. 
While our infrastructure crumbles 
around us, House and Senate leadership refuse to come up with the additional 
$60 billion needed to fill the gap in the highway trust fund just to do a long- term bill at current levels; but this week, they will put on the floor a tax extender that will cost $182 billion over 10 years, completely unpaid for. The priorities of this Congress are com-pletely out of whack. 
I am concerned that we will pass this 
2-month extension and be right back here in July having this same con-versation. I will support this extension, but only with the understanding that we must spend the next 2 months, once and for all, making transportation funding a priority so that our citizens don’t have to risk unsafe transpor-tation so that we can invest in our in-frastructure and we can be competitive in our economy going forward. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. G
IBBS). 
Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the 
chairman for yielding. 
I rise today in support of H.R. 2353, 
the Highway and Transportation Fund-ing Act of 2015. 
Although we must construct a long- 
term highway bill, this legislation is a compromise that will provide States 
with certainty through the vital sum-mer construction months. 
By extending the expenditure author-
ity of the highway trust fund through the end of July, States will not have to worry about reimbursements from the Federal Government while they are in the middle of the busiest construction season of the year. 
Following the passage of this exten-
sion, I look forward to working with my colleagues on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee to con-struct a long-term highway bill with a sustainable funding mechanism. 
Upon its enactment in 2012, MAP–21 
made important reforms by consoli-dating Federal highway programs and streamlining the project approval proc-ess. The next highway bill should build on MAP–21’s successes to cut red tape and ensure highway trust fund dollars are spent responsibly. 
We must also be good stewards of 
taxpayer dollars by keeping our prom-ise to the American people that the next surface transportation bill will provide adequate funding for highway and freight infrastructure to create jobs and keep our Nation competitive. 
My constituents and the hard-work-
ing people all over this country need reliable roads and bridges to commute to work, take their children to school, and get home safely at night. 
Unfortunately, the President’s fund-
ing proposal is not viable and, I be-lieve, will encourage more inversions or takeovers of American companies. 
I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 
2353 and encourage them to commit to crafting a long-term fiscally respon-sible highway bill that will provide the much-needed certainty to States, in-dustry, and the American people. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, at this 
time, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LU-
MENAUER ). 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
appreciate the gentleman’s courtesy, and I appreciate his leadership on this matter. He hit it right on the nail. 
We are in a situation, I am sad to 
say, having listened to my colleague a moment ago; the States will still have to worry. Two months doesn’t give them a straight shot at a construction season, and there is still uncertainty. 
I could have dusted off the speech I 
gave last summer where I said we 
would be right back here in the same spot, with uncertainty around the country; and the local governments, the State governments, the contractors don’t deserve that. 
But it is not the problem of the T and 
I Committee, as much as Ways and Means. You can’t craft a bill unless you know how much money you have got to spend. I am embarrassed as a member of that committee that, in the 55 months my Republican colleagues have been in charge, we have not had a single hearing on transportation fi-nance. 
We hear certain things are off the 
table or not acceptable. It is inter-esting, we haven’t raised the gas tax in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.036 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3335 May 19, 2015 
22 years, but six States—six red 
States—have raised the gas tax already this year. Utah, Idaho, Georgia, South Dakota—these are not flaming bastions of liberalism. These are people who looked at the problem and decided they needed to step up, and they stepped up not to take the place of the Federal re-sponsibility, but in anticipation that at some point, the Federal Government would meet its obligation for almost half of the major construction projects. 
I would respectfully request that we 
dive in and see what we can do over the course of the next couple of months, but that the Ways and Means Com-mittee spend one week listening to the men and women who build, operate, 
and use our Nation’s infrastructure, spend a week, look at the items, con-sider maybe what Ronald Reagan thought was a good idea in 1982: raise the gas tax. 
We can pass that bill out of com-
mittee in 1 week, and you can have the next couple of months to give America the bill it needs to rebuild and renew this great country. 
b1430 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I now 
yield 2 minutes from the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. H
ARDY ). 
Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in support of long-term highway funding. I will support the bill on the floor today, but let’s be clear. This is a long-term problem that needs to have a long-term solution. 
We gather in hearings and we gather 
in meetings to discuss the various op-tions we have for revenue. We now have to gather to make a decision, the long- term decision. 
We were elected to Congress to rep-
resent our constituents and to make difficult decisions that will help us guide our Nation forward. It is time for us to accelerate and produce a solution to our highway funding problems. Our highways and our bridges are falling into disrepair. 
Before I became involved in public 
service, I was a contractor in Nevada where I worked on roads, bridges, and dams. I know the wear and tear that our infrastructure is experiencing. I know the uncertainty that States are facing when it comes to highway projects. 
Our inaction has created a difficult 
environment for the States to make de-cisions. So I stand here today to sup-port long-term funding. It is a long- term problem that requires a long-term solution. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
OHNSON ). 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Mr. Speaker, let me thank the leadership of this committee for get-ting to this point. I am very, very sorry that this is another kicking the can down the road, but we don’t have much choice but to support the bill before us today. 
We have missed a major construction 
season already. Bridges are falling; ac-cidents are happening; traffic jams in-
crease because of the crumbling infra-structure. This is all very costly, and it is more costly when we have a winter like we just had that hits already crumbling infrastructure. 
We must address this costly neglect 
of our infrastructure around the coun-try. It is not partisan. There are no Democrat and Republican bridges or streets. We must address our responsi-bility to this Nation. 
Sensible, large projects must have 
time to plan for those long-term projects. They cannot do that. No city or State can do that kind of planning without knowing whether we have a long-term source of funding that will keep it going. 
It is unwise for us to continue just to 
put this off. We have got to pay for it no matter when we do it. The time is now. We have extended this time too long. The Nation has suffered too long. Traffic is jamming; accidents are hap-pening; and it will not get better until we take on our responsibility. 
I would urge all of us today to sup-
port this short-term bill for the last time. It is time for us to have a long- term infrastructure bill for this Na-tion. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I would 
like to inquire of the Chair the balance of time remaining. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Oregon has 19 minutes re-maining. The gentleman from Pennsyl-vania has 22 minutes remaining. 
Mr. SHUSTER. It is now my pleasure 
to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
ABIN). 
Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, the funding 
and authorization for our Federal high-way program expires in just 12 days. This is a deadline that Congress, the Department of Transportation, and the American people have known about for almost a year now. And the bill before us today is not the long-term solution that we were hoping for, but it is the necessary step forward at this time while we continue to work on a longer term solution for our highway funding. 
I appreciate very much the attention 
that Chairman S
HUSTER has given to 
this important issue. He has taken a very keen interest in what we need on a national level, and many of us from the Houston area appreciate his com-ing to our part of America to learn and see what our needs are in the State of Texas. I am confident that the chair-man and those of us on the relevant committees in the House and the Sen-ate will come together and deliver a long-term solution for our highway programs and will strengthen them for every Texan and every American. 
While this bill before us isn’t ideal, 
the choice is very simple. I urge my colleagues to join me in voting ‘‘yes’’ on this bill to keep our State Depart-ment of Transportation on the job through the summer building months 
and to keep Congress working on a long-term solution. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. B
ROWN ). Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
here we go again, passing another ex-tension and failing in our duty to pro-vide a world-class transportation sys-tem. 
Transportation programs are much 
too critical to our economy to be de-layed any longer. Unfortunately, the Republican leadership in Washington continues its long-running failure to fund surface transportation infrastruc-ture programs. Just last week, House Republicans passed a bill, with no off-sets, that cut taxes by $269 billion for the richest 1 percent of Americans, but they failed to pass a real transpor-tation authorization bill that would put Americans to work. We know, for every billion dollars we invest in trans-portation, it generates 44,000 perma-nent jobs. 
In closing, Secretary Anthony Foxx 
said that all of us have roles to play in shaping our Nation’s infrastructure. As we saw last week during the tragic train derailment in Philadelphia, Con-gress urgently needs to increase fund-ing for our Nation’s passenger rail sys-tem in order to make it safer for all of the traveling public and to prevent fu-ture tragedies on our Nation’s rails. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
21⁄2minutes to the gentleman from 
Maryland (Mr. H OYER ). 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, let me 
thank Mr. D EFAZIO for yielding and for 
the work that he does on this com-mittee. 
Let me also say to the chairman of 
the committee, Mr. S
HUSTER , how 
pleased I am with the kind of work that he does on the committee. Very frankly, Mr. S
HUSTER is committed to 
getting things done and to working in a bipartisan fashion. That is good for this House, and it is good for his State, and it is good for the country. I thank him for his leadership. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this 
60-day extension because it is essential that we do this. The consequences of not doing it would be very, very nega-tive. I rise to lament the fact that we have gone 10 months in our having known full well that this date was upon us and that theoretically, we thought, that funding as well as au-thorization would end on the 31st of this month. We have now found that funding will not end. This bill is nec-essary to authorize, not to fund, be-cause funding is available for the next 60 days from the 31st. 
I also rise to urge this House, under 
Mr. S
HUSTER ’s and Mr. D EFAZIO’s lead-
ership, to do the work we were sent here to do—to invest in America, to in-vest in the growth of our economy, to invest in the creation of jobs—in fact, what the board of directors of the greatest country on the face of the Earth ought to have done many years and, certainly, months ago. 
I am absolutely convinced that this 
House has the capacity, the intellect, and the ability within 60 days to come 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.037 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3336 May 19, 2015 
to this floor with a bill that will invest 
in our infrastructure and provide suffi-cient funds to make America competi-tive and to pay for it, not to pass the expense along to future generations— my children, my grandchildren, my great grandchildren. They are going to have to buy for themselves the infra-structure of their generations, and they ought not to have to pay the bills of our generation. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. I yield the gentleman 
an additional 1 minute. 
Mr. HOYER. It is a moral responsi-
bility that this generation pays for the investments that it needs to make in the infrastructure that will be used today and tomorrow. 
Mr. S
HUSTER , I know, wants to do 
that. Mr. S HUSTER and Mr. D EFAZIO 
have the courage to do that. The issue is going to be whether this body, on both sides of the aisle, comes forward with a responsible, paid-for infrastruc-ture bill, particularly for highways and roads and bridges, but for other invest-ments as well. 
I want to tell Mr. S
HUSTER and Mr. 
DEFAZIO that I will work closely with 
them and that I will urge the Members on my side of the aisle to work closely with the Members on Mr. S
HUSTER ’s 
side of the aisle to effect this end. But let us not pretend on July 30 that we can extend until December 31 or until a year from then. Today, let us commit ourselves to using the next 70 days, ap-proximately, to come up with a paid- for, 6-year reauthorization that will make America stronger, grow our econ-omy, and be a pride of the American people, whom we serve. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the distinguished whip for his kind words, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, again, 
may I inquire as to the amount of time 
remaining on my side. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Oregon has 14 minutes re-maining. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Min-nesota (Mr. N
OLAN ), a member of the 
committee. 
Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Speaker and Mem-
bers of the House, this failure to write a long-term, paid-for surface transpor-tation bill for this country has become a national embarrassment. Quite frankly, it is an international embar-rassment. Passenger trains and oil trains are coming off the tracks, are taking lives, are causing untold amounts of damage. The simple truth is that we can’t fix those lives who were lost, but we can fix our transpor-tation system. Isn’t it about time that we do that? It is not only a national embarrassment, our failure here, but it is a failure of the Congress. It is a fail-ure of the legislative process. It is a failure of the committee process. That is what is happening here. 
We held hearings in the last session. 
We heard from the Chamber of Com-merce; we heard from the unions; we 
heard from the retailers; we heard from the truckers. Everybody said three things: one, our transportation system is falling apart. They had that right. Two, it is hurting our ability to grow our economy and to create jobs. They had that right. Three, they said we need to find some new revenue. None of it could be more obvious. Yet the Transportation Committee held hear-ings from all of those people in the last session, and we held hearings again in this session, but we never took up the markup and the writing of a transpor-tation bill. 
b1445 
That is the simple truth, Mr. Speak-
er, and I am calling on the leadership here to either instruct the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure or allow the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure to write a transportation bill. I have absolute confidence that we can come together if we do. 
It is through the committee process 
that we find common ground. That is 
where we reach our bipartisanship. That is how we fix things here in the Congress. That is how we get things done. Mr. Chairman, Mr. Speaker, allow or instruct the committee to do its job, to do its business, and we will write a transportation plan for this country that gets this country moving again, saves lives, and builds an econ-omy. 
Mr. SHUSTER. I continue to reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. I yield 2 minutes to 
the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. T
ITUS), a member of the committee. 
Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, why are we 
debating an extension of the surface transportation authorization instead of doing the right thing and passing a bill that invests in our future? We should be playing the long game, not betting on the come, as they say in Nevada. 
For the 2 million residents who live 
in the Las Vegas valley and the more than 42 million visitors who come to our city from around the world, we must commit to the passage of a long- term surface transportation bill this summer. We can’t do yet another ex-tension that creates uncertainty, sti-fles development, and puts us further behind. 
We must pass a bill that includes in-
vestment that is real, sustainable, and goes beyond just maintaining our cur-rent infrastructure but instead sets our Nation on a road that is built to last. 
Mr. SHUSTER. I continue to reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. I yield 2 minutes to 
the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. F
RANKEL ), a member of the committee. 
Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speak-
er, I just want to start by thanking Mr. S
HUSTER and Mr. D EFAZIO for their bi-
partisan leadership. I am going to vote for this 2-month extension for the high-way trust fund in order to avoid a shut-down of America’s transit building and repair. But with that said, Mr. Speaker, this 
legislation is like fixing our roads and bridges with Silly Putty. It is just not strong enough to hold our Nation’s crumbling infrastructure. So I join my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to say it is time to make those long-term investments necessary for people and goods to get to their destination safely and timely. 
Mr. Speaker, transportation moves 
our economy. It is time for Congress to get going. 
Mr. SHUSTER. I continue to reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. I yield 3 minutes to 
the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ASCRELL ), a strong advocate for all 
things transportation, a member of the powerful Committee on Ways and Means. 
Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the ranking member and the chairman. I am not going to vote for this piece of legislation—not even close. 
Everyone talks about how we must 
maintain the roads. If you listened over the last 45 minutes, all of these in-frastructure issues are in bad shape, terrible shape. We know the problem. So long speeches about this and the problem don’t make much sense. 
Here is my question to every Member 
of this body: What are you prepared to do? Make believe you are doing some-thing? Hide under the desk in your of-fice? 
How much money have we used, Mr. 
Speaker, from the general fund to bail out transportation? The percentage of general funds increases each budget that we are using. So without a clear source of long-term funding, our States cannot plan for the future. In fact, many States are not putting money into their trust fund. My own State, the State of New Jersey, I guess the money is going to fall out of the sky. So 2 months, 4 months, 7 months, it is all a joke. 
Ensuring the solvency of the trust 
fund is not only a key component of meeting our transportation challenges, it is our job. The Committee on Ways and Means has not even had one hear-ing, Mr. Ranking Member, Mr. Chair-man. How many States have put them-selves in the same position as the Fed-eral Government? 
I understand that some Members are 
already planning another short-term extension in July because you say now we are ready to have a long-term solu-tion, but you are already planning for another short-term in July. In fact, we are moving towards the omnibus bill, where we will put everything together. It will be like a stew: trade, transpor-tation, lollipops, put them all in there. Put it all in there, and then we will vote on it and have some of our Mem-bers vote against motherhood so that they will be on the block a year from this November. 
Look, let me suggest something 
novel for this group. Let’s spend the next 8 weeks resuscitating a system 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.039 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3337 May 19, 2015 
where users of the system pay to main-
tain and grow the system. Inter-national tax can be a part of the solu-tion. I say to the President and the Congress, it is not nearly enough money. 
A group of us presented a bipartisan 
plan—Republicans and Democrats—to fund the Federal highway trust fund. Through Democratic Presidents, Re-publican Presidents, through Demo-cratic Houses and Republican Houses, we have always been able to come to a resolution on this until the last 3 or 4 years. Why? Why is this? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
S
IMPSON ). The time of the gentleman 
has expired. 
Mr. D EFAZIO. I yield the gentleman 
an additional 1 minute. 
Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, nei-
ther party has the wherewithal to deal with the problem. I believe our model must receive serious consideration as the clock counts down on the trust fund’s expiration. Our legislation has the support of both business and labor. 
I am done with extensions, and I plan 
to vote ‘‘no’’ today. I ask my col-leagues to show support for a long- term bill and cosponsor the Renacci- Pascrell plan, because if we don’t change something, we will be right back here in July talking to each other. 
Mr. SHUSTER. I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. How much time do I 
have remaining? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Oregon has 61⁄2minutes re-
maining. The gentleman from Pennsyl-vania has 20
1⁄2minutes remaining. 
Mr. D EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
First off, I want to join in what many 
others have said: transportation infra-structure has not been historically nor should it become a partisan issue. I ap-preciate the chairman’s willingness to work together on many aspects. We will at times disagree over elements of bills, but in general we agree that what makes this country great, what makes us competitive in the world is a world- class system of transportation infra-structure and other critical infrastruc-ture, and today we are deficient. I talked during my introductory re-marks about some of the needs. Let me just talk about the revenues. 
Back in 1993, when the gas tax was 
raised by a bipartisan coalition in the House—actually, on the Republican side, led by the chairman’s father, Bud Shuster—we paid about 14 percent. Every time you went to the pump, with the increase in the gas tax in 1993, 14 percent of your bill went to invest in the Nation’s infrastructure. Yet today, some 22 years later, 7 percent goes to the infrastructure. Population has grown, road miles have increased, and the Eisenhower infrastructure has aged. 
Infrastructure doesn’t just age a lit-
tle bit each year. It reaches a point where it accelerates dramatically, so a bridge that you could fix for $15 million 
or $20 million today, 2 years from now you might have to totally replace for $100 million. So not delaying these needed investments, unless we want to see people detouring around all the riv-ers in America because of bridge out-ages, is really, really critical for a just- in-time economy, for our world com-petitiveness, to save on fuel efficiency. 
Now, a number of States have 
stepped in to fill the void; 14 States have voted to raise their own gas taxes since 2013. As the gentleman from Or-egon pointed out, six deep red Repub-lican States have voted to raise their gas tax this year. 
Just to assure my colleagues, for 
those who raised it before the last elec-tion, nobody lost their election because they raised the gas tax in those States. People recognize it as a user fee. They are tired of blowing out tires and car repairs because of potholes. They are tired of detours. The trucking industry is tired of detours, and they don’t want a proliferation of tolls across America. The solution is a Federal partnership. 
The chairman held a hearing recently 
where we had the Department of Trans-portation director from Wyoming, a deep red State, talking about the fact that they had increased their gas tax, but they still need the Federal partner-ship; it is critical. We had the Governor of North Carolina—has one of the high-est gas taxes in the country, deep red State these days—saying the Federal partnership was more critical than ever. The same with the mayor of Salt Lake City, the Federal partnership is critical. No State can do it on its own. 
I propose that we index the gas tax to 
construction costs, inflation, fleet fuel economy. That would mean next year the gas tax would go up by 1.7 cents. I would like to see the Member of Con-gress who thinks they are going to lose their election over a 1.7 cent invest-ment in America’s infrastructure to avoid those potholes, the congestion, the detours, the delays, or the addi-tional tolling to maintain what we have. It won’t happen. It hasn’t hap-pened recently in red States that have raised it much more than 1.7 cents. 
But if we index to inflation, fleet fuel 
economy, and construction costs infla-tion, we could borrow upfront for the trust fund, let’s say, $150 billion, a nice increase over the current levels of spending, and we could pay it back in about 15 years with that increment, just the indexed increment that would grow a tiny bit each year. 
And again, you drive by the gas sta-
tion on your way to work, and when you drive home at night, ExxonMobil has raised it a nickel because there were rumors of war in the Middle East or a refinery had an outage or some-thing or this. Where did that nickel go? It went into the pockets of ExxonMobil or speculators on Wall Street. It didn’t go into our Nation’s infrastructure. 
The American people would sure as 
heck rather pay 1.7 cents to rebuild our system and make America more com-petitive and put hundreds of thousands 
of people to work than another nickel in the coffers of OPEC or ExxonMobil or Wall Street speculators. 
It is time to suck it up around here, 
act like men and women who were sent here to make tough decisions, to regain our legacy, to begin to bring America back toward a world-class infrastruc-ture. It would take many years and many tens or hundreds of billions of dollars to reclaim the legacy of the Ei-senhower era, but it is only a lack of will—will—that prevents us from doing that. There is no major impediment. Nobody is going to lose their election over 1.7 cents a gallon. In fact, people will thank you at home. 
The trucking industry is begging— 
begging—for an increase in the diesel tax. The United States Chamber of Commerce, when is the last time they asked for an increase in a tax? Look, all across the spectrum, the retailers, the business community, all across this country people are saying: Help us; get us out of congestion; fix the system; 
bring it up to a state of good repair. There is another whole contingent of American people who are saying: We need jobs. 
There is no more certain way to cre-
ate jobs in this country than investing in America’s infrastructure. And they are not just construction jobs. They are engineering jobs. They are manu-facturing jobs. In the case of mass transit, they are high-tech jobs. They are small business jobs. They are dis-advantaged business enterprise jobs. It goes through the entire economy. No American will be left behind. 
We could create hundreds of thou-
sands of jobs and make America num-ber one again. All we lack is the will here in this House. Let’s say this is the last 60-day delay. Let’s work together, and let’s get a real 6-year bill by the end of July. 
Mr. Speaker, I just want to announce 
we introduced the GROW AMERICA Act comprehensive bill with which we could begin policy discussions, H.R. 2410, today, with 19 cosponsors. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
b1500 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself the balance of my time. 
Mr. Speaker, I always appreciate the 
passion of the ranking member, my friend, Mr. D
EFAZIO, on these issues. I 
have to say that much of what has been said on this floor by both sides, I agree with. The need to invest in our infra-structure is real. It is critical. Our in-frastructure is crumbling all around us. 
I also agree that we need to find a 
long-term solution to the trust fund to make sure it is fiscally responsible, and most importantly, I agree that we need to act. This 2-month extension was not my preference. What my preference is, is to buckle down, work hard, find the dollars, and have a long-term surface transportation bill that is sustainable. 
Again, I stand here today urging all 
my colleagues to vote for this essential 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.040 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3338 May 19, 2015 
2-month extension to get us through to 
July. I am committed to continue to work to find the solution so we can have a long-term bill, but a vote against this bill is a vote in favor of shutting down these vital programs, stopping the work of thousands of highway projects around the country and laying off thousands of construc-tion workers and Federal employees. 
I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this bill, and 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, the 
highway trust fund has enough money to pay for projects through the end of July, but its legal authority to spend that money expires at the end of this month. I would have preferred to pass an extension that lasted through the end of the year, but we just couldn’t come to a bipartisan agreement on how to pay for it. That’s unfortunate because the more time we spend on these short-term patches, the less time we’ll have to find a long-term solution. 
And ultimately, the only real solution is a 
long-term solution. At the very least, this legis-lation will allow the trust find to continue to fund projects through July, while we continue to work on an extension for the rest of the year. But if we really want to solve this prob-lem, both parties need to confront the serious challenges facing the trust fund. That’s the only way we’ll come up with a plan to give states the certainty they need to build the roads and bridges our families need to thrive. 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today in support of the bill, H.R. 2353, the Highway and Transportation Funding Act of 2015 but with reservations. 
I support Chairman S
HUSTER ’s efforts to en-
sure the Highway Bill does not expire and cost the economy jobs and cause important projects to stop progress. 
I am, however, disappointed we once again 
face this issue. 
We need to pass a long-term highway bill 
so that our communities and businesses have the certainty they need to invest in our future. 
I understand the fiscal challenges we face 
but I believe that we must do more to improve our nation’s transportation system. 
Transportation funding, particularly for high-
ways and transit, is particularly important for my constituents and the entirety of the Greater Houston area. 
We have a congestion problem in Houston. We have done a lot to reduce this conges-
tion, but more must be done. 
We also have the largest port for foreign 
tonnage and largest petrochemical complex in our country along the banks of the Port of Houston. 
In the years ahead, we will face a much 
higher traffic volume due to population growth and the expansion of the Panama Canal, which will bring more truck traffic and eco-nomic development to the area. 
In order for Houston and our Port to con-
tinue to be a hub for commerce, we must strengthen our rail and road infrastructure. 
Both a successful port and a growing local 
economy rely on well maintained roads and bridges. 
Communities around our country must im-
prove its transportation infrastructure in order to encourage businesses and economic devel-opment. 
While I understand the strain the Highway 
Trust Fund is experiencing, it is important that we fund important highway projects throughout 
the country. 
We are at a critical time for our nation in 
terms of transportation funding. 
We must fix bridges, expand highways, and 
increase the capacity of our infrastructure. 
Highway and transit projects are important 
to our constituents, so they can get to work and school and they are important to our busi-nesses so they can move commerce. 
Everyone wins when we increase our in-
vestments in our transportation infrastructure. 
I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2353 
but I also urge my colleagues to fix the prob-lem and craft a long-term highway bill for the benefit of all our citizens. 
Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New 
York. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 2353. This bill will mark the thirty-third time we’ve passed a short-term extension to the Highway bill in eight years. Enough is enough. Our roads and bridges are crumbling. We owe it to the American people to pass a robust long-term surface transportation bill and make real investments in our transportation in-frastructure. These short-tern extensions not only diminish our economic competitiveness as a nation but they erode the safety of all of the folks we were sent here to represent. I will not support any more short-term gimmicks and implore my colleagues to join me in rejecting this proposal and instead pass a long-term bill and once again invest in our national infra-structure. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time 
for debate has expired. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 271, 
the previous question is ordered on the bill. 
The question is on the engrossment 
and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, I have a mo-
tion to recommit at the desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the 
gentlewoman opposed to the bill? 
Ms. ESTY. I am, in its current form. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Ms. Esty moves to recommit the bill H.R. 
2353 to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith, with the following amendment: 
At the end of title I, add the following: 
Subtitle E—Passenger Rail Positive Train 
Control Funding 
SEC. 1401. PASSENGER RAIL POSITIVE TRAIN 
CONTROL FUNDING. 
Section 20158(c) of title 49, United States 
Code is amended by inserting ‘‘, and $750,000,000 for the period beginning October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ after ‘‘2013’’. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I re-
serve a point of order against the mo-tion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. A point 
of order is reserved. 
Pursuant to the rule, the gentle-
woman from Connecticut is recognized for 5 minutes in support of her motion. 
Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, this is the 
final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to com-
mittee. If adopted, the bill will imme-diately proceed to final passage as amended. 
My amendment provides $750 million 
to passenger railroads to help them im-plement positive train control. Trag-ically, last week, Amtrak 188 derailed, killing 8 people and injuring more than 200. My thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their loved ones. 
Unfortunately, last week’s tragic ac-
cident is just the latest in a series of incidents that are unacceptable and largely preventable. 
According to National Transpor-
tation Safety Board member Robert Sumwalt, the lead investigator of last week’s Amtrak derailment in Philadel-phia: ‘‘Had PTC’’—positive train con-trol—‘‘been installed on the section of track, this accident would not have oc-curred.’’ 
Now, what is positive train control? 
Positive train control, commonly re-ferred to as PTC, is a communications and signaling system that uses GPS technology and sensors to commu-nicate train location, speed, restric-tions, and moving authority. 
Most importantly, PTC can save 
lives. For instance, positive train con-trol technology can detect if a train is going too fast for an area and use on-board equipment to automatically slow or stop the train. 
Now, Mr. Speaker, last week’s derail-
ment is not the first time NTSB has recommended implementing positive train control. This recommendation has been made since 1969, following an investigation of a head-on collision of two Penn Central commuter trains near Darien, Connecticut, in my home State. That collision killed 4 people and left 43 injured. 
Forty-six years after that deadly col-
lision in Connecticut, the NTSB is still demanding and waiting for action. Dur-ing this time, the NTSB has inves-tigated 144 accidents that would have been preventable if railroads had in-stalled PTC. Not surprisingly, positive train control has been on the NTSB’s most wanted list of safety improve-ments since 1990. 
144 accidents over 43 years—try and 
think about that, and try to com-prehend 6,532 preventable injuries and 288 preventable deaths. 
This just isn’t an issue only on the 
Northeast corridor. In 2008, a tragic ac-cident in California killed 25 people and injured 102. After that accident, this House enacted legislation requir-ing PTC on commuter and intercity passenger rails by December 31 of this year; but protecting lives requires lead-ership from this Congress. 
The American Public Transportation 
Association asked Congress to provide Federal funding for 80 percent of the installation costs on passenger rails. We in Congress can help. We can and must make this investment before an-other terrible accident, before another life is tragically and needlessly lost. We can’t afford to wait. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:41 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.042 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3339 May 19, 2015 
Less than 2 years ago, a Metro-North 
Railroad engineer fell asleep as the train he was operating sped up to 82 miles an hour through a tight curve. The restriction for that section was only 30 miles an hour. As a result of the derailment, 4 people died, and 61 were injured. With tragic predict-ability, the NTSB investigation deter-mined that positive train control could have prevented that tragedy as well. 
How many more times does the 
NTSB need to repeat its recommenda-tion before PTC is implemented? 
There is no reason why this Congress 
should continue to ignore its responsi-bility to help passenger railroads im-plement the lifesaving technology as soon as possible. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in 
supporting this amendment to provide the necessary funding to help pas-senger railroads implement PTC across the United States. 
Let me be clear: this funding won’t 
prevent every single accident. The fact that PTC will not prevent every acci-dent should not—cannot—be an excuse for this Congress’ failure to act. 
Failure to act today on imple-
menting positive train control is wrong. It is unworthy of a great coun-try. A great country does not respond to crises with duct tape; a great coun-try leads with action. 
I ask all House Members to join me 
to vote for this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I wish 
to withdraw my reservation of a point of order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The res-
ervation of a point of order is with-drawn. 
Mr. SHUSTER. I rise in opposition to 
the motion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania is recog-nized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I oppose 
this motion. We certainly know of the tragedy that happened in Philadelphia, in my home State, but this really is not the place to address this. 
We need to pass a clean extension. 
We have got to pass it and get it to the Senate, so we make sure that these vital programs keep people working, we keep projects moving forward, and that they don’t shut down. 
Again, this is a clean extension. We 
want it to be a clean extension because we know that time is of the essence to get this over to the Senate, as I said, and pass it. You are talking about 4,000 people in the government that will be furloughed and thousands of workers across America. Projects will stop, and they won’t be working. 
Again, we have an immediate need to 
extend the highway transit and safety programs. I am confident and remain committed to working with Chairman R
YAN; but this is not the time to slow 
this down. This the time to get it done so that we can get it to the Senate as quickly as possible. 
Again, I am opposed to this motion. I 
urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the motion and continue to ask my colleagues to sup-
port the underlying bill that gets the job done and gets us past this critical time. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion to recommit. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, on that I de-
mand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER. Pursuant to the 
order of the House of today, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT 
A message in writing from the Presi-
dent of the United States was commu-nicated to the House by Mr. Brian Pate, one of his secretaries. 
f 
CONTINUATION OF THE NATIONAL 
EMERGENCY WITH RESPECT TO THE STABILIZATION OF IRAQ— MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 114–40) 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed: 
To the Congress of the United States: 
Section 202(d) of the National Emer-
gencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) provides for the automatic termination of a na-tional emergency unless, within 90 days prior to the anniversary date of its declaration, the President publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to 
the Congress a notice stating that the emergency is to continue in effect be-yond the anniversary date. In accord-ance with this provision, I have sent to the Federal Register for publication the 
enclosed notice stating that the na-tional emergency with respect to the stabilization of Iraq that was declared in Executive Order 13303 of May 22, 2003, is to continue in effect beyond May 22, 2015. 
Obstacles to the orderly reconstruc-
tion of Iraq, the restoration and main-tenance of peace and security in the country, and the development of polit-ical, administrative, and economic in-stitutions in Iraq continue to pose an unusual and extraordinary threat to the national security and foreign pol-icy of the United States. Accordingly, I have determined that it is necessary to continue the national emergency with respect to the stabilization of Iraq. 
B
ARACK OBAMA .
THEWHITE HOUSE , May 19, 2015. LEGISLATIVE BRANCH 
APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on con-sideration of H.R. 2250, and that I may include tabular material on the same. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 271 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 2250. 
The Chair appoints the gentleman 
from Georgia (Mr. C
ARTER ) to preside 
over the Committee of the Whole. 
b1516 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 2250) 
making appropriations for the Legisla-tive Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other pur-poses, with Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia in 
the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the 
bill is considered read the first time. 
The gentleman from Georgia (Mr. 
G
RAVES ) and the gentlewoman from 
Florida (Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ ) 
each will control 30 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Georgia. 
Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
When I joined the Appropriations 
Committee a little over 4 years ago, I said that I wanted this committee to be known as a place where taxpayer money was saved and not spent. In re-cent years, there has been a major change in the perception of this com-mittee. 
Thanks in large part to the leader-
ship of Chairman R
OGERS and the mem-
bers of the committee, the process is open, and it is transparent, and this committee has made a priority of en-suring every taxpayer dollar is spent wisely. 
In keeping with that trend, the bill 
that we are here to debate today holds the line on spending. It is a bill that honors and respects the taxpayer while preserving the beauty of the Capitol campus, providing essential security for visitors and staff, and ensuring that we are able to provide the services that our constituents expect and deserve. 
This bill is a total of $3.3 billion for 
the legislative branch, excluding all Senate items. The bill continues the freeze on funding for the House of Rep-resentatives, including leadership, committees, and Member office budg-ets. It also continues the Member pay freeze that was put in place in 2010. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.044 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3340 May 19, 2015 
In all, this represents a 14 percent re-
duction in funding for the House of Representatives since Republicans have gained control of Congress in Jan-uary of 2011. 
Now, more specifically, this bill in-
creases funding for the Capitol Police and allows small increases for several other agencies while trimming budgets in less critical areas. 
This bill recognizes the continuing 
challenges faced by our Architect of the Capitol. There is a balance that must be struck between preserving 
these historic buildings and funding other critical projects, including life- safety projects. 
Overall, the Architect’s budget is one 
that was trimmed. This bill puts a new emphasis on transparency and account-ability in major construction projects under the Architect. That is why this bill transitions to direct appropriations for the Cannon restoration project, 
rather than continuing to use the House historic building revitalization fund. This change will significantly im-prove the committee’s ability to pro-vide oversight for this major project. 
Additionally, this bill includes lan-
guage that places a 25 percent cap on the amount available for larger projects within the legislative branch. In order to receive the remaining 75 percent of their appropriations, this new oversight feature requires a plan for any project over $5 million to be submitted to the GAO and our com-mittee for approval. 
The plan must address any projected 
changes to the project’s schedule and cost, and it must include a description of the safeguards taken to ensure that the project remains on time and on budget. Now, regarding the Library of Con-
gress, this bill includes funding to meet the Library’s current needs, including an increase for the U.S. Copyright Of-fice to reduce claims processing and analyze possible process improvements. 
Additionally, the committee will be 
working with the Library in the up-coming months to track its progress in addressing its critical IT infrastructure problems which have been identified in a recent GAO report. 
In closing, I would like to thank 
Ranking Member W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , 
Chairman R OGERS , Mrs. L OWEY , and the 
members of our subcommittee and full committee and staff for their hard work throughout this entire process. This is a product that we can be proud of. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.047 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3341 May 19, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.047 H19MYPT1
Insert offset folio 605/1 here EH19MY15.001SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSELEGISLATIVE BRANCH APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2016 (H.R. 2250) 
(Amounts in Thousands) 
TITLE I LEGISLATIVE BRANCH 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Payment to Widows and Heirs of Deceased Members 
of Congress. 
Salaries and Expenses 
House Leadership Offices 
Office of the Speaker 
Office of the Majority Floor Leader. 
Office of the Minority Floor Leader .. 
Office of the Majority Whip .. . . '' '.'' ,, . 
Office of the Minority Whip ... 
Republican Conference .. . ''.'' .. ' 
Democratic Caucus. 
Subtotal , House Leadership Offices. 
Members' Representat iona·l A 11 owances 
Including Members' Clerk Hire, Official 
Expenses of Members, and Official Mail 
Expenses 
Committee Employees 
Standing Committees, Special and Select. 
Committee on Appropriations (including studies and 
investigations) 
Subtotal, Committee employees .. 
Salaries, Officers and Employees 
Office of the Clerk. 
Office of the Sergeant at Arms .. 
Office of the Chief Administrative Officer. 
Office of the Inspector General.,. 
Office of General Counsel .. 
Office of the Parliamentarian. 
Office of the Law Revision Counsel of the House. 
Office of the Legislative Counsel of the House. 
Office of Interparliamentary Affairs. 
Other authorized employees 
Subtotal, Salaries, officers and employees. 
Allowances and Expenses 
Supplies. materials, administrative costs and Federal 
tort claims. 
Official mail for committees, leadership offices, 
and administrative offices of the House. 
Government contributions .. 
Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery. 
Transition activities. . .................. . 
Wounded Warrior program. . ........ . 
Office of Congressional Ethics 
Miscellaneous items. 
Subtotal, Allowances and expenses. 
Total. House of Representatives {discretionary). 
Total, House of Representatives (mandatory). FY 2015 
Enacted 
6,645 
2' 180 
7' 114 
1,887 
1,460 
1 '505 
1 '487 
... ., "' .. ~ . -~ --~ 
22,278 
554,318 
123,903 
23,271 
147' 174 
24,009 
11,927 
113' 100 
4,742 
1 '341 
1 '952 
4,088 
8,893 
814 
479 
171 '345 
4,153 
190 
256,636 
16,217 
3,737 
2,500 
1 '467 
720 
285 '620 
1 '180' 735 FY 2016 
Request 
6,645 
2' 180 
7' 114 
1 '887 
1 '460 
1 '505 
1 '487 
... ........ ________ 
22,278 
554,318 
123,903 
23,271 
147,174 
24,981 
14,827 
117' 165 
4,742 
1 '413 
1 '975 
3' 120 
8,353 
814 
479 
177,869 
3,625 
190 
252' 164 
16,289 
2,084 
2,500 
1,524 
720 
279,096 
1 . 180' 735 Bi 11 
174 
6,645 
2' 180 
7' 114 
1 ,887 
1 '460 
1 '505 
1 ,487 
22,278 
554,318 
123,903 
23,271 
147' 174 
24,981 
14,827 
115,010 
4,742 
1 ,413 
1 '975 
3' 120 
8,353 
814 
479 
175,714 
3,625 
190 
254,448 
16,217 
2,084 
2,500 
1 '467 
720 
281 '251 
1 '180, 735 
174 Bill vs. 
Enacted 
+174 
+972 
+2,900 
+1 '910 
+72 
+23 
-968 
-540 
+4,369 
-528 
·2' 188 
-1 '653 
-4,369 
+174 Bill vs. 
Request 
+174 
-2' 155 
-2' 155 
+2,284 
-72 
-57 
+2' 155 
+174 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3342 May 19, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.047 H19MYPT1
Insert offset folio 605/2 here EH19MY15.002SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSELEGISLATIVE BRANCH APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2016 (H.R. 2250) 
(Amounts in Thousands) 
JOINT ITEMS 
Joint Economic Committee. 
Joint Committee on Taxation. 
Office of the Attending Physician 
Medical supplies, equipment, expenses, and allowances. 
Office of Congressional Accessibility Services. 
Total, Joint items. 
Salaries. 
General expenses CAPITOL POLl CE 
Total, Capitol Pol ice. 
OFFICE OF COMPLIANCE 
Salaries and expenses. 
CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE 
Salaries and expenses. 
ARCHITECT OF THE CAPITOL 
Capitol Construction and Operations 11.,. 
Capitol building. 
Capitol grounds., 
House of Representatives buildings: 
House office buildings. 
House Historic Buildings Revitalization Trust Fund. 
Capitol Power Plant 
Offsetting collections. 
Subtotal, Capitol Power Plant .. 
Library build1ngs and grounds 
Capitol police buildings, grounds, and security. 
Botanic Garden .. 
Capitol Visitor Center: 
eve operations. 
Total, Architect of the Capitol. 
LIBRARY OF CONGRESS 
Salaries and expenses. 
Authority to spend receipts ... 
Subtotal, Salaries and expenses. 
Copyright Office, Salaries and expenses. 
Authority to spend receipts. 
Subtotal, Copyright Office. 
Congressional Research Service, Salaries and expenses. 
Books for the blind and physically handicapped, 
Salaries and expenses. 
Total, Library of Congress. FY 2015 
Enacted 
4,203 
10,095 
3,371 
1 ,387 
============= 
19,056 
286,500 
61 ,459 
============= 
347,959 
3,959 
45,700 
91 '455 
54,665 
11 '973 
89,447 
70,000 
99,652 
-9,000 
-------------
90,652 
42' 180 
19' 159 
15,573 
20,844 
====:::::::;;:::::::::::::::::::::::: 
505,948 
419,357 
-6,350 
~--~~-~~-~ .... 
413,007 
54,303 
-33,582 
~ -----~ -----
20,721 
106,945 
50,248 
============= 
590,921 FY 2016 
Request 
4,254 
10,300 
3,797 
1 ,416 
============= 
19,767 
307,428 
71 ,472 
============= 
378,900 
4,020 
47,270 
95,396 
58,052 
15,273 
90,282 
70,000 
129,803 
-9,000 
-------------
120,803 
65,801 
28,247 
12' 113 
21 '043 
============= 
577,010 
444,370 
-6,350 
• M ~ -~ -~ .... 
438,020 
58,875 
-35' 777 
23,098 
111 '956 
51' 428 
============= 
624,502 Bill 
4,203 
10,095 
3,784 
1 ,387 
============= 
19,469 
300,000 
69,000 
============= 
369,000 
3,959 
47,270 
90,946 
46,737 
11 ,880 
149,962 
10,000 
100,550 
-9,000 
-------------
91 '550 
36,589 
22,058 
11 '892 
20,557 
============= 
492' 171 
419,357 
-6,350 
413,007 
57,008 
-35,777 --~ -------·-
21 '231 
106,945 
50.248 
============= 
591 '431 Bill vs. Bill vs. 
Enacted Request 
-51 
-205 
+413 -13 
-29 
============= ============= 
+413 -298 
+13,500 -7,428 
+7,541 -2,472 
============= ============= 
+21 '041 -9,900 
-61 
+1 '570 
-509 -4,450 
-7' 928 -11 '315 
-93 -3,393 
+60,515 +59,680 
-60,000 -60,000 
+898 -29,253 
------------- -------------
+898 -29,253 
5' 591 -29,212 
+2,899 -6' 189 
·3,681 . 221 
-287 -486 
===========:::::= ============= 
-13' 777 -84,839 
-25,013 
--8 --.. -~ 
-25,013 
+2,705 -1 '867 
-2' 195 --~ ----------
+510 -1 '867 
-5,011 
-1 '180 
============= ============= 
+510 -33,071 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3343 May 19, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.047 H19MYPT1
Insert offset folio 605/3 here EH19MY15.003SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSELEGISLATIVE BRANCH APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2016 (H.R. 2250) 
(Amounts in Thousands) 
GOVERNMENT PUBLISHING OFFICE 
Congressional publishing 
Public Information Programs 
Documents, 
Salaries and expenses 
Government Publishing Office 
Revolving Fund of the Superintendent of 
Business Operations 
Total, Government Publishing Office 
GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE 
Salaries and expenses. 
Offsetting collections .. 
Total, Government Accountability Office. 
OPEN WORLD LEADERSHIP CENTER TRUST FUND 
Payment to the Open World Leadership Center 
Trust Fund ... 
JOHN C. STENNIS CENTER FOR PUBLIC SERVICE 
TRAINING AND DEVELOPMENT 
Stennis Center for Public Service 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
Scorekeeping adjustment (CBO estimate). 
Grand total . 
Discretionary. 
Mandatory. 
11 Formerly named General Administration FY 2015 
Enacted 
79,736 
31 '500 
8,757 FY 2016 
Request 
79,736 
30,500 
9,764 Bill 
79,736 
30,500 Bill vs. Bill vs. 
Enacted Request 
-1 '000 
-8,757 -9 ,764 
============= ============= ============= ============= ============= 
119,993 
545,750 
23,750 120,000 
578,508 
25,450 110,236 
547,450 
-25,450 9,757 
+1,700 
-1 '700 -9,764 
-31 '058 
============= ============= ============= ============= ============= 
522,000 
5,700 
430 
-1 '000 
3,341.401 
(3,341,401) 553,058 
8,000 
430 
3,513,692 
(3,513,692) 522,000 
5,700 
430 
1 '000 
3,341,575 
(3,341 ,401) 
(174) +174 
(+174) -31 '058 
-2,300 
-1 '000 
-172' 117 
( -172' 291) 
(+174) 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3344 May 19, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.047 H19MYPT1
Insert offset folio 605/4 here EH19MY15.004SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSELEGISLATIVE BRANCH APPROPRIATIONS BILL, 2016 (H.R. 2250) 
(Amounts in Thousands) 
RECAPITULATION 
House of Representatives {discretionary) .. 
House of Representatives (mandatory) . 
Joint Items. 
Capitol Police. . ' ' . . . . . ' ' ' 
Office of Comp 1 i ance ... 
Congressional Budget Office. ''' ' .. '.' 
Architect of the Capitol. 
Library of Congress. 
Government Publishing Office 
Government Accountability Office .. 
Open World Leadership Center. 
Stennis Center for Public Service.,. 
General Provisions. 
Grand total. 
Discretionary. 
Mandatory. '' ... '''. 
... ' .. '''.' FY 2015 
Enacted 
1 '180, 735 
19,056 
347,959 
3,959 
45,700 
505,948 
590,921 
119,993 
522,000 
5,700 
430 
-1 ,000 
:::.:!:::::::=-::::======== 
3,341,401 
{3,341 ,401) FY 2016 
Request 
1 '180, 735 
19,767 
378,900 
4,020 
47,270 
577,010 
624,502 
120,000 
553 '058 
8,000 
430 
::::::::-:::::::::::::::=:::::::::::::::: 
3,513,692 
(3,513,692) Bill 
1,180,735 
174 
19,469 
369,000 
3,959 
47,270 
492' 171 
591 ,431 
110' 236 
522,000 
5,700 
430 
-1,000 
============= 
3,341,575 
I 3 , 341 . 401 ) 
( 174) Bill vs. Bill vs. 
Enacted Request 
+174 +174 
+413 -298 
+21,041 -9,900 
-61 
+1 ,570 
-13' 777 -84,839 
+510 -33,071 
-9,757 -9,764 
-31,058 
-2,300 
-1 '000 
=======:===== ========-===== 
+174 -172,117 
(-172,291) 
(+174) (+174) 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3345 May 19, 2015 
Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. 
Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, I want to begin by 
congratulating Chairman G
RAVES on 
his maiden voyage as a chair of an ap-propriations subcommittee. I know that he was diligent and focused, and we found agreement where we could, and where we could not agree, I appre-ciate his willingness to discuss it in a congenial and thoughtful manner. 
Today, we consider the smallest of 
the appropriations bills; and, while that is the case, it is one that does fund an entire branch of our government. The bill provides, as the chairman mentioned, $3.3 billion to the legisla-tive branch, without Senate items, and is equal to the amount provided in fis-cal year 2015. 
Unfortunately, this represents the 
third year in a row of flat funding for the overall legislative branch. Certain agencies—the Architect of the Capitol and the Government Publishing Of-fice—are cut below fiscal year 2015 to support increases in other agencies. 
I know if there was overall relief in 
the budget allocation, we would see more investment in the staff and facili-ties in the legislative branch, but we are starting to cut into bone in some places, and it is truly unwise. 
It is regrettable that this bill is, as 
are all of the other appropriations bills, bound by spending limits set by the Republican budget resolution that continues sequestration. 
The President put forward a plan 
that will avoid sequestration’s harmful budget cuts and reduce the deficit in a balanced way. Unfortunately, the Re-publican budget does not at least meet the President’s plan halfway. 
As we look to conference with the 
Senate later in the year on appropria-tions bills, I am hopeful that both par-ties and the President can come to-gether for another reasonable bargain that gives us more room for discre-tionary programs. 
This bill is being considered under a 
structured rule, as is tradition. Twenty amendments were filed, seven of which were filed by Democratic Members. Re-grettably, the Rules Committee only made three Republican amendments in order, all of which would further erode the Legislative Branch bill’s funding. 
No Democratic amendments were 
made in order, even though several were aimed at improving the lives of our restaurant workers whose plight was played out in very public display in the last several weeks. 
Last night, in the Rules Committee, 
I asked the committee to attempt to find some parity, Mr. Chairman, be-tween the majority and minority with regard to amendments made in order; instead of parity, the minority was completely shut out of the process. 
As a result of the allocation, several 
infrastructure projects with life and safety elements are not funded in this bill, even though we have been com-mitted to funding those in past years. Cutting necessary upgrades to our 
elevators will not get us out of debt; what it will do is get people stuck in our elevators. We should not be sur-prised if an accident happens because we didn’t address important life-safety projects. 
This bill, as I have said many times 
before, is not the sexiest of the 13 ap-propriations bills, but it is one that is incredibly important, and it is impor-tant that we keep the people who visit the Capitol and work in the Capitol safe, and this bill makes it less likely that we will be able to do that. 
There are not many new initiatives 
in the bill, given the allocation, but I am pleased that the bill recognized the importance of the Nation’s copyright laws by providing some of the re-quested increase. 
The Copyright Office must improve 
the backlog of registrations, as well as their business processes. Currently, customers can only submit documents on paper, which the Copyright Office turns into a digital format, which is a glaring inefficiency. It is 2015, the 21st century. Our Copyright Office should not be conducting 21st century busi-ness in a 20th century format. 
The Copyright Office said it best 
itself in a report released in February of this year: 
There is a widespread perception that our 
licensing system is broken. Songwriters and recording artists are concerned that they cannot make a living under the existing structure, which raises serious and systemic concerns for the future. Music publishers and performance rights organizations are frus-trated that so much of their licensing activ-ity is subject to government control, so they are constrained in the marketplace. Record labels and digital services complain that the licensing process is burdensome and ineffi-cient, making it difficult to innovate. 
I am glad to see that this bill is be-
ginning to address necessary upgrades. 
Mr. Chairman, I am also concerned 
with the cut to the Government Pub-lishing Office in the underlying bill. This office was formerly known as the Government Printing Office. Congress changed the name in December to re-flect what the agency actually does in this digital world. The office publishes information online and plays a vital role in Congress’ transparency. 
Unfortunately, GPO’s request to con-
tinue to improve its online site, as it has been allowed to do each year before this one, even under full sequestration, was denied in the bill. The cut to GPO’s online site continues to raise the concern from some that GPO could ultimately decide to charge the public 
for access to legislative documents, as was recommended to them by the Na-tional Academy of Public Administra-tion in 2013. 
I agree with Representatives C
ANDICE  
MILLER and B OBBRADY , the chair and 
ranking member of House Administra-tion, who wrote to GPO, stating: ‘‘Charging the public to access legisla-tive data and documents would be a co-lossal setback to the progress Congress has made to improve transparency and access to legislative information.’’ They also said charging the public 
‘‘would be a direct assault on our abil-ity to engage Americans in a process that is of great consequence to their livelihoods.’’ 
GPO indicated at the time of the Mil-
ler-Brady letter that it had no plans to charge users for what should be public information; but what choice are we leaving them if we don’t continue in-vesting in their online systems? 
Also included in the bill is a require-
ment that the Architect seek approval, as the chairman described, from the House Committee on Appropriations and the Government Accountability Office for any project or phase of a project over $5 million. 
I support strong oversight, as I have 
demonstrated many times over the last 8 years, but I do question whether or not the low threshold would unneces-sarily hold up the progress of essential projects. 
We should require the assistance of 
GAO to review projects on the scale of the Cannon building restoration. I have asked GAO to come in and get involved very specifically in a number of things where accountability was a concern, but I question the use of GAO’s re-sources on projects as small as $5 mil-lion. That begins to micromanage be-yond what is reasonable. 
To end on a more positive note, I am 
pleased that we were able to provide $10 million to add to the House historic buildings revitalization trust fund. We have been banking funds for our large projects over the last several years, which is imperative to help ensure we avoid getting caught flatfooted if we experience unexpected costs in the fu-ture. 
As I conclude, I want to, again, thank 
Chairman G
RAVES for an open dialogue 
as he crafted this bill. I did have a lot of opportunity to talk with him about the details of this bill and offer sugges-
tions, many of which he took. Again, I look forward to continuing to work with the chairman as the bill moves to the Senate and then on to conference. 
I particularly want to thank our in-
credible staff, one of whom is sitting next to me, Shalanda Young, and the rest of our staff, Liz Dawson, Chuck Turner, on the majority side; and Jenny Panone, as well as Jason Mur-phy, with Chairman G
RAVES ’ personal 
office; and Rosalyn Kumar, on my per-sonal staff. Thank you so much. 
Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Chair-
man, before I yield to our full com-mittee chairman, I do want to thank the ranking member for her work on this, her input. She worked diligently through the process and was supportive in subcommittee and full committee, and I wanted to thank her for that pub-licly. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he 
may consume to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. R
OGERS ), the chairman 
of the full Appropriations Committee. 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Chairman 
GRAVES , thank you for yielding the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.048 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3346 May 19, 2015 
time, and thank you for the great 
work. 
This is the first bill that Chairman 
GRAVES has brought to the floor of the 
House. He is the newest cardinal that we have, one of the 12 subcommittee chairmen—they are called cardinals— and this is his first bill. 
I want to congratulate him and 
Ranking Member W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ  
for putting together what I think is a pretty high standard for fiscal respon-sibility for the House, freezing funding at last year’s level, $3.3 billion. 
That is the third year in a row, Mr. 
Chairman, that we have frozen the budget of the House of Representatives, making good on our promise to rein in spending and do more with less. 
b1530 
This level maintains the 14 percent 
reduction in House funding that began when Republicans took control of the House 4 years ago. 
In addition, we have continued the 
freeze on Member pay that has been in place since 2010. We believe that in order for us to ask others to sacrifice throughout the government, that we have to sacrifice, ourselves, first; and that is what this bill does. 
The bill includes numerous provi-
sions designed to guarantee that the House and its support agencies are spending their tax dollars appro-priately and to keep them accountable to the taxpayers. This includes enhanc-ing oversight of the Cannon building restoration project and making sure that Congress approves any large-scale construction project. 
These steps will help ensure that this 
type of major undertaking stays on time and on budget and are especially important given the historical signifi-cance of our buildings and the impor-tance of their use. 
The $3.3 billion this bill provides for 
the House is directed to support the most important functions of our legis-lative branch: keeping our Member and committee offices open for business, protecting the safety of those who work in and visit the Capitol complex, and improving the way we support our agencies—and the importance of doing just that. 
For instance, the Capitol Police 
budget has been increased by $21 mil-lion to ensure our men in blue have the resources needed to protect this hal-lowed building and its grounds. And where we have seen issues in the agen-cies funded by the bill—for example, IT infrastructure challenges at the Li-brary of Congress—we have taken the steps to make sure that these will be fixed moving forward. 
Again, I want to thank Chairman 
G
RAVES , Ranking Member W ASSERMAN  
SCHULTZ , and this great staff that has 
worked hard on this bill. They have demonstrated their love of this institu-tion and these grounds by the hard work and devotion they have put into making this bill possible. So we want to thank the staff on both sides of the aisle for putting together this small 
but mighty bill. So I thank them for all of their work. 
Mr. Chairman, I am proud that the 
House can lead by example when it comes to restoring fiscal discipline to the operations of the Federal Govern-ment. This bill will allow the House to fulfill its core duties within a respon-sible, realistic budget and preserve the democracy that makes this Nation so great. 
I thank the chairman for the time. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. 
Chairman, at this time, I yield such time as she may consume to the distin-guished gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. L
OWEY ), the ranking member of 
the full Appropriations Committee as well as the ranking member of the State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Subcommittee. 
Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
Chairman G
RAVES and Ranking Mem-
ber W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ for their hard 
work on this bill. 
Today, during what the majority has 
labeled ‘‘Innovation Week,’’ we con-sider the smallest of the appropriation bills, which funds the operations of our Nation’s legislative branch. 
Mr. Chairman, there is absolutely 
nothing innovative about this bill. Without Senate items, the bill is $3.341 billion. Despite years of ‘‘tightening our belts,’’ the majority has, yet again, kept funding flat and further damaged this institution’s reputation and abil-ity to function at the highest level. 
Member representational allowances, 
or MRAs, would be frozen for a third consecutive year and will continue to 
strain the House’s ability to serve the American people due to fewer staff for constituent casework, the inability to effectively communicate with our con-stituents, and fewer district offices. 
Furthermore, we will consider 
amendments to the bill which would compound the problems legislative branch agencies face: our buildings are crumbling, life and safety projects are postponed, and agencies have hit the limits of what they can do with inad-equate funding. Further cuts proposed today will have even greater implica-tions for the operations of the Con-gress. 
I am concerned that the majority 
continues funding for a partisan law-suit against the President. At a time when we are putting appropriation bills under tight budgetary restrictions, this waste of taxpayer dollars only dis-tracts us from the serious work Con-gress should get done. 
Notwithstanding my misgivings, I 
want to again congratulate the chair-man for putting forth his first bill and working with the ranking member, where possible. We need more coopera-tion between the majority and the mi-nority. 
Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. 
Chairman, at this time, I yield 5 min-utes to the distinguished gentleman from California (Mr. F
ARR). Mr. FARR. I thank the gentlewoman 
from Florida for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise on this bill, as a 
member of the subcommittee, with very mixed emotions. There are some very good things in this bill, but there is also some bad stuff. The question is whether the bill is 51 percent good or 51 percent bad. 
I came to Congress because I believe 
that government can play a positive role in American lives. Government is not the enemy. 
But it makes me wonder then why 
this body refuses to invest in the tools to do the job of government and, by ex-tension, to do the job of the American people. This bill contains the same funding levels it did last year, and that is $172 million less than the budget re-quest. 
Any good corporation plots its in-
vestments so the company can prosper. In terms of the House of Representa-tives, that would mean setting spend-ing at a level that would maximize its ability to serve the people. By failing to make those investments, we dis-respect the American people, and we tell them that we are not worth the in-vestment, not worth the effort, not worth doing the job well. 
This bill fails to invest in the very 
institution we depend upon to make government function properly. This body is being given short shrift. 
I am on the Appropriations Com-
mittee. I think it is our responsibility to meet the needs of the Nation in every respect, and that includes invest-ing in the legislative branch of govern-ment so it can do its job. 
Those low polling numbers that Con-
gress gets—everybody here talks about how low it is—I think they are the self- fulfilled policy of a Congress that re-fuses to provide itself the tools they need to serve the public. 
Skimping isn’t going to make this 
place work any better. Using taxpayer dollars more wisely will. 
Having said that, I am also sup-
portive of what the committee brought to the floor in a program called the Open World Leadership Center. It is op-erated out of funds from Congress with the Library of Congress. 
What Members may not know is that 
this program was begun as the brain-child of the late Senator Ted Stevens of Alaska and the Librarian of Con-gress. It was to expose young and emerging leaders—average age about 38—in Russia and former Eastern bloc countries. Some of those countries in-clude Ukraine, Georgia, Moldova, Kazakhstan. 
I think President Putin would love to 
see this program go away, the way USAID has left the region. 
It makes a difference to those young 
leaders to visit congressional districts, to see how city councils work, to see how school boards work, to see the United States, the State legislators, the judges. The program belongs in the legislative branch because peer-to-peer relationships do work. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.048 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3347 May 19, 2015 
The program reaches out to all 50 
States. More than 23,000 rising leaders have been hosted by the United States Government since the program’s incep-
tion. Eighty percent of those have met with Members of Congress and visited their congressional districts. This is a very robust exchange program. 
I had a group in my district out in 
the central coast of California, and one of the visitors had been a member of the Duma, their Congress. He told me that he had been invited by our coun-try to be here at least about a dozen times. But only in visiting the commu-nities and seeing the local government in action did he actually understand what democracy was all about, a bot-tom’s-up process in America that is never learned just visiting Washington or getting taught in a classroom. The value of hands-on, from-the-ground-up democracy is a lesson that can’t be learned from a book. Open World expe-riences show these participants that democracy is not just a dream. It is ac-tually a working reality, one that they can have in their home countries if they work at it. And America shows them how. 
There is an amendment coming up, 
the Ratcliffe amendment, and I hope that all the Members of Congress will reject that amendment to delete this program. 
Mr. Chairman, I really appreciate the 
work of the gentleman from Georgia, our new chairman. He has done a great job. I hope that we will spend, though, a little bit more money investing in this institution so that we can get the job done, not just talk about how we can cut, squeeze, and trim, sacrificing the ability of Congress to be its best. 
Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and thank the gentleman from California (Mr. F
ARR). He is a 
great member of the subcommittee and a strong advocate for a lot of elements within our budget. The truth is, we had tough choices to make. It wasn’t easy. We are held within the constraints of what current law is. 
The President may have submitted a 
budget that didn’t comply with the constraints that we have to comply with, but that doesn’t mean that we can adhere to his budget numbers. So we are $170-something million below what the President requested or what the budget request was, but we are within the limits that are provided by law that many of the Members within this body voted for—excluding myself— and the President signed it into law. 
At some point, we have to grapple 
with that, as a House, and understand that is the law. And until that law is changed, tough choices we will have to make. 
As the chairman of the full com-
mittee so eloquently stated earlier, it is up to us to lead by example, and that is who we have elected to be our lead-ers and to represent our districts by ex-ample. So these are tough choices, no doubt. I agree with the gentleman from California. I know we had a goal, as a com-
mittee, and it was really bipartisan, our objective; and that was to honor and respect taxpayers today and pre-serve the institution for future genera-tions, given the limited resources we had to work with. 
With that, Mr. Chairman, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. 
Chairman, let me just point out that the chairman is right: we do have to lead by example. 
Leading by example, as we have in 
the past, like last fiscal year—after the President submitted his budget, we cer-tainly could have and should have, as a Congress, sat down with the President and negotiated an adjustment to the sequester, which we were able to suc-cessfully do last year, and that was to the betterment of making sure that people who are simply trying to suc-ceed have the opportunity to do so in this country instead of living under the severe cuts and caps that sequestration forced us into. That is Congress’ job, which we abdicated. That was not the choice of the minority; it was the choice of the majority. 
With that, Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
RICE), the ranking 
member of the Transportation, Hous-ing and Urban Development, and Re-lated Agencies Appropriations Sub-committee. 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. I ap-
preciate my colleague from Florida yielding, and I appreciate the work that she and colleagues on both sides of the aisle have done on this bill. I want to commend them for their work. 
Mr. Chairman, I do want to address 
an amendment yet to come, one that I hope this body will reject. This is an amendment that will be offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ). It will be an amendment 
to undo the bipartisan work of our Ap-propriations Committee. It would ter-minate the Open World program at the Library of Congress, which is a major outreach effort of our legislative branch in Russia and former Soviet and Soviet bloc countries. 
At a time when these countries’ de-
mocracies and sovereignty are under threat, the Open World program, I be-lieve, is more important than ever. This isn’t President Putin’s favorite activity, as others have stated. That puts it very mildly, believe me. But he has not been able to stop it. 
It is now more important than ever, 
not just in Russia but in fragile democ-racies and would-be democracies, such as Ukraine, Moldova, Kyrgyzstan, and Georgia. 
This is the best program of its kind 
that I have ever seen. And I have a lot of personal experience with Open World groups that have come to Washington and have come to my district. 
This is a program unique in both 
scope and concept. Most participants aren’t the people who typically partici-pate in international exchange pro-grams. They are teachers, judges, local 
officials, young activists, people who live in rural areas and small towns. This program penetrates deeply, rather than just being another run-of-the-mill exchange program. 
b1545 
I invite any colleague to talk to any 
of our diplomats in the participant countries. You will leave with no doubt about how unique and how valuable the network of Open World participants is in the struggle for democracy in those countries and for the way our country is regarded, and there is a long list of veterans of Open World who are now public and private sector leaders in their countries. 
Mr. Chairman, some may question 
the placement of Open World in the Legislative Branch Appropriations bill. In fact, I think that is a huge asset. Be-cause the program is not tied to a spe-cific administration with its goals and politics, there is no hurdle to participa-tion. There is no possibility that it will get lost as the State Department fo-cuses on our other regions or on other priorities. 
Now, unlike the other programs in 
this bill, sure enough, Open World is not about us. It is not about our sala-ries. It is not about our staffs. It is not about our operations. It is not about us. But I assure you, it is about our country. It is about what we stand for at home and around the world. It is about projecting the value of our demo-cratic principles to countries with his-tories of oppressive rule. 
The Appropriations Committee in-
cluded funding for Open World fol-lowing a bipartisan effort led by Rep-resentatives F
ORTENBERRY and F ARR. 
Hopefully, today that wise decision will be sustained. 
I strongly encourage this body to 
stand with the pro-democracy advo-cates, many, many brave and coura-geous people in a critical part of the world. Oppose the Ratcliffe amend-ment. 
Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Point of clarification because I know 
these proceedings are documented well, and I know the ranking member stated that sequestration was a decision of the majority and not the minority. In some aspects, she is very correct, be-cause at the time sequestration was implemented, the majority of the Sen-ate was held by Democrats, and the concept came from Jack Lew, which is heavily documented, from the Presi-dent’s administration. So just to make sure there is full clarity here of major-ity and minority perspectives, there was a different majority at the time when that was taking place. 
If I could, just for a moment, address 
the Open World discussion here. This is a program that has been ongoing for several years—it has been decades, quite frankly—with great intentions in the beginning. What hasn’t been stated 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.050 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3348 May 19, 2015 
today is that its intention was to be a 
one-time program to assist during a transitional phase of the Soviet bloc countries at that time, back in the Bill Clinton administration, to assist them with some dialogue with free markets and diplomacy and such as we were ex-periencing during that time. 
As we know, with a lot of govern-
ment programs that have good inten-tions of being one time, singular, they tend to go on into perpetuity. Yet we have heard claims today that there is not enough money, that we don’t have enough to spend on things that are so vital and so critical to this body, to the institution, to meeting our constitu-ents’ needs, to the $1.5 billion in de-ferred maintenance of buildings, to MRAs not being enough, or whatever it might be. Yet there is still this clinging to $5 million of training Rus-sian diplomats or Russian civic leaders is more important, more important than meeting the critical needs that we have here as a body, whether it is the Library of Congress, whether it is mak-ing sure that there is security provided through the Capitol Police, that they are fully funded where they need to be, whatever it might be. 
I would claim, Mr. Chairman, that 
today, if we cannot cut $5 million from a program that is duplicative, that there are 95 other programs that do very similar things, a program that has not been transparent, a program that has outlived its day, that is training Russians at a time when Russia is causing aggression against our allies and it is assisting our enemies, if we can’t cut $5 million today and the gen-tleman from Texas’ amendment fails today, God help us, when can we cut something from this budget? 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
of my time. 
Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
While I intend to claim time in oppo-
sition to the amendment that address-es Open World a little bit later, which I know will come as a surprise to the chairman, I do want to point out now that what the chairman says is not quite accurate, which is why I am going to oppose the amendment. Be-cause were we—and there were a num-ber of options available to the Rules Committee—taking the $5 million that is going to Open World in the Legisla-tive Branch bill now and putting it in to some other place in the Legislative Branch bill, life safety programs, re-storing the cuts to GPO, or doing something that is going to make sure that the legislative branch can be com-petitive and has the ability to get our work done, then that would have been fine, because I agree that Open World is actually a square peg in a round hole and shouldn’t be funded out of this bill, and I have made that case for many years. 
Instead, what the majority did is 
they took an amendment that takes that $5 million and puts it into the spending reduction account. We are al-
ready $106 million below 2010 levels in our MRA, in our office accounts. This bill is flat-funded for 3 years in a row. We are doing ourselves a disservice and making it difficult for us to do our jobs when we had a ripe opportunity to take that $5 million—which I would have been for—and put it somewhere in the Legislative Branch bill instead of send-ing it out of here. That is not respon-sible. 
Additionally, I will point out that 
perhaps the chairman’s comments about sequestration demonstrate that he thinks that Congress’ hands are tied and that we don’t have the ability to actually make changes. The President has proposed what he believes we should do as an alternative to the se-quester. That was his proposed budget. 
Like last year, we also have the abil-
ity to set aside and work with the ad-ministration—set aside at least part of the sequester—so we could provide im-proved allocations for each of these ap-propriations bills and make sure that we can make life better for more Amer-icans. Unfortunately, the majority con-tinues to act as if somehow we are fro-zen in time and that we are paralyzed by sequestration as the law. The last time I checked, the Founding Fathers in the Constitution gave Congress the ability to change the law, which we should do. 
Mr. Chairman, I will look forward to 
discussing some of the amendments that we will be debating in a few mo-ments. 
Again, I want to thank the chairman 
for, really, the opportunity to spend some time focusing on the needs of the legislative branch and giving us the ability to at least move forward in some ways towards addressing our role as a coequal branch of government. I think this bill could have been far bet-ter. It has made several positive changes, but as I have outlined, we have places where we disagree, but we did it without being disagreeable. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I thank the ranking member, and I 
appreciate her acknowledgment of her opposition to the amendment that will arrive earlier. I would point out to you, Mr. Chairman, that I am not a member of the Rules Committee. I did not make that decision as to what amendment would be adopted or not. There were three amendments very similar. They were bipartisan. So there was bipar-tisan opposition to this program. We have the amendment before us that is before us, and, for the record, I will be supporting that amendment. 
Let me say this has been a process 
that has been difficult. I understand that. We have had some tough choices to make, but we have made them. We made them in a bipartisan way in which we had unanimous support out of subcommittee; we had no opposition that I recall in full committee. And so 
I expect today that we might maintain some of that bipartisanship, some of that ability to get something done here for the American people and show them that we have priorities in place that honor and respect them and preserve this institution for future generations. 
Mr. Chairman, to sum up what this 
bill does is we are here to hold the line on spending. We are keeping it flat- funded, as we have for the last year or two. This is a bill that is going to honor and respect our taxpayers. It is one that is preserving the beauty of this Capitol campus, providing a cen-tral security for all visitors and staff, and ensuring that we are able to pro-vide the services that our constituents expect and deserve. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-
ance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. H
ULTGREN ). 
All time for general debate has expired. 
Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be 
considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule. The bill shall be consid-ered as read. 
The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2250 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the following sums 
are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, namely: 
TITLE I—LEGISLATIVE BRANCH 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
P
AYMENT TO WIDOWS AND HEIRS OF DECEASED  
MEMBERS OF CONGRESS  
For payment to Tori B. Nunnelee, widow of 
Alan Nunnelee, late a Representative from the State of Mississippi, $174,000. 
S
ALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For salaries and expenses of the House of 
Representatives, $1,180,736,000, as follows: 
HOUSE LEADERSHIP OFFICES  
For salaries and expenses, as authorized by 
law, $22,278,891, including: Office of the Speaker, $6,645,417, including $25,000 for offi-cial expenses of the Speaker; Office of the Majority Floor Leader, $2,180,048, including $10,000 for official expenses of the Majority Leader; Office of the Minority Floor Leader, $7,114,471, including $10,000 for official ex-penses of the Minority Leader; Office of the Majority Whip, including the Chief Deputy Majority Whip, $1,886,632, including $5,000 for official expenses of the Majority Whip; Office of the Minority Whip, including the Chief Deputy Minority Whip, $1,459,639, including $5,000 for official expenses of the Minority Whip; Republican Conference, $1,505,426; Democratic Caucus, $1,487,258: Provided , That 
such amount for salaries and expenses shall remain available from January 3, 2016 until January 2, 2017. 
M
EMBERS ’ REPRESENTATIONAL ALLOWANCES  
INCLUDING MEMBERS ’ CLERK HIRE, OFFICIAL  
EXPENSES OF MEMBERS , ANDOFFICIAL MAIL 
For Members’ representational allowances, 
including Members’ clerk hire, official ex-penses, and official mail, $554,317,732. 
C
OMMITTEE EMPLOYEES  
STANDING COMMITTEES , SPECIAL AND SELECT  
For salaries and expenses of standing com-
mittees, special and select, authorized by House resolutions, $123,903,173: Provided , That 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.052 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3349 May 19, 2015 
such amount shall remain available for such 
salaries and expenses until December 31, 2016. 
C
OMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS  
For salaries and expenses of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, $23,271,004, includ-ing studies and examinations of executive agencies and temporary personal services for such committee, to be expended in accord-ance with section 202(b) of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946 and to be avail-able for reimbursement to agencies for serv-ices performed: Provided , That such amount 
shall remain available for such salaries and expenses until December 31, 2016. 
S
ALARIES , OFFICERS AND EMPLOYEES  
For compensation and expenses of officers 
and employees, as authorized by law, $175,713,679, including: for salaries and ex-penses of the Office of the Clerk, including the positions of the Chaplain and the Histo-rian, and including not more than $25,000, of which not more than $20,000 is for the Family Room and not more than $2,000 is for the Of-fice of the Chaplain, for official representa-tion and reception expenses, $24,980,898; for salaries and expenses of the Office of the Ser-geant at Arms, including the position of Su-perintendent of Garages and the Office of Emergency Management, and including not more than $3,000 for official representation and reception expenses, $14,827,120 of which $4,784,229 shall remain available until ex-pended; for salaries and expenses of the Of-fice of the Chief Administrative Officer in-cluding not more than $3,000 for official rep-resentation and reception expenses, $115,010,000, of which $1,350,000 shall remain available until expended; for salaries and ex-penses of the Office of the Inspector General, $4,741,809; for salaries and expenses of the Of-fice of General Counsel, $1,413,450; for sala-ries and expenses of the Office of the Parlia-mentarian, including the Parliamentarian, $2,000 for preparing the Digest of Rules, and not more than $1,000 for official representa-tion and reception expenses, $1,974,606; for salaries and expenses of the Office of the Law Revision Counsel of the House, $3,119,766; for salaries and expenses of the Office of the Legislative Counsel of the House, $8,352,975; for salaries and expenses of the Office of Interparliamentary Affairs, $814,069; for other authorized employees, $478,986. 
A
LLOWANCES AND EXPENSES  
For allowances and expenses as authorized 
by House resolution or law, $281,251,521, in-cluding: supplies, materials, administrative costs and Federal tort claims, $3,625,236; offi-cial mail for committees, leadership offices, and administrative offices of the House, $190,486; Government contributions for health, retirement, Social Security, and other applicable employee benefits, $254,447,514, to remain available until March 31, 2017; Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery, $16,217,008 of which $5,000,000 shall remain available until expended; transition activities for new members and staff, $2,084,000, to remain available until ex-pended; Wounded Warrior Program $2,500,000, to remain available until expended; Office of Congressional Ethics, $1,467,030; and mis-cellaneous items including purchase, ex-change, maintenance, repair and operation of House motor vehicles, interparliamentary receptions, and gratuities to heirs of de-ceased employees of the House, $720,247. 
A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
SEC. 101. (a) R EQUIRING AMOUNTS REMAIN -
ING IN MEMBERS ’ REPRESENTATIONAL ALLOW -
ANCES TOBEUSED FOR DEFICIT REDUCTION OR  
TOREDUCE THE FEDERAL DEBT.—Notwith-
standing any other provision of law, any amounts appropriated under this Act for ‘‘HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES—S
ALA-RIES AND EXPENSES —MEMBERS ’ REPRESENTA -
TIONAL ALLOWANCES ’’ shall be available only 
for fiscal year 2016. Any amount remaining after all payments are made under such al-lowances for fiscal year 2016 shall be depos-ited in the Treasury and used for deficit re-duction (or, if there is no Federal budget def-icit after all such payments have been made, for reducing the Federal debt, in such man-ner as the Secretary of the Treasury con-siders appropriate). 
(b) R
EGULATIONS .—The Committee on 
House Administration of the House of Rep-resentatives shall have authority to pre-scribe regulations to carry out this section. 
(c) D
EFINITION .—As used in this section, 
the term ‘‘Member of the House of Rep-resentatives’’ means a Representative in, or a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to, the Congress. 
DELIVERY OF BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS  
SEC. 102. None of the funds made available 
in this Act may be used to deliver a printed copy of a bill, joint resolution, or resolution to the office of a Member of the House of Representatives (including a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to the Congress) un-less the Member requests a copy. 
DELIVERY OF CONGRESSIONAL RECORD  
SEC. 103. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to deliver a printed copy of any version of the Congressional Record to the office of a Member of the House of Representatives (including a Dele-gate or Resident Commissioner to the Con-gress). 
LIMITATION ON AMOUNT AVAILABLE TO LEASE  
VEHICLES  
SEC. 104. None of the funds made available 
in this Act may be used by the Chief Admin-istrative Officer of the House of Representa-tives to make any payments from any Mem-bers’ Representational Allowance for the leasing of a vehicle, excluding mobile dis-trict offices, in an aggregate amount that ex-ceeds $1,000 for the vehicle in any month. 
LIMITATION ON PRINTED COPIES OF U .S. CODE TO  
HOUSE  
SEC. 105. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to provide an aggre-gate number of more than 50 printed copies of any edition of the United States Code to all offices of the House of Representatives. 
DELIVERY OF REPORTS OF DISBURSEMENTS  
SEC. 106. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to deliver a printed copy of the report of disbursements for the operations of the House of Representatives under section 106 of the House of Representa-tives Administrative Reform Technical Cor-rections Act (2 U.S.C. 5535) to the office of a Member of the House of Representatives (in-cluding a Delegate or Resident Commis-sioner to the Congress). 
DELIVERY OF DAILY CALENDAR  
SEC. 107. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to deliver to the of-fice of a Member of the House of Representa-tives (including a Delegate or Resident Com-missioner to the Congress) a printed copy of the Daily Calendar of the House of Rep-resentatives which is prepared by the Clerk of the House of Representatives. 
JOINT ITEMS 
For Joint Committees, as follows: 
J
OINT ECONOMIC COMMITTEE  
For salaries and expenses of the Joint Eco-
nomic Committee, $4,203,000, to be disbursed by the Secretary of the Senate. 
J
OINT COMMITTEE ON TAXATION  
For salaries and expenses of the Joint 
Committee on Taxation, $10,095,000, to be dis-bursed by the Chief Administrative Officer of the House of Representatives. For other joint items, as follows: 
O
FFICE OF THE ATTENDING PHYSICIAN  
For medical supplies, equipment, and con-
tingent expenses of the emergency rooms, and for the Attending Physician and his as-sistants, including: 
(1) an allowance of $2,175 per month to the 
Attending Physician; 
(2) an allowance of $1,300 per month to the 
Senior Medical Officer; 
(3) an allowance of $725 per month each to 
three medical officers while on duty in the Office of the Attending Physician; 
(4) an allowance of $725 per month to 2 as-
sistants and $580 per month each not to ex-ceed 11 assistants on the basis heretofore provided for such assistants; and 
(5) $2,692,000 for reimbursement to the De-
partment of the Navy for expenses incurred for staff and equipment assigned to the Of-fice of the Attending Physician, which shall be advanced and credited to the applicable appropriation or appropriations from which such salaries, allowances, and other expenses are payable and shall be available for all the purposes thereof, $3,784,000, to be disbursed by the Chief Administrative Officer of the House of Representatives. 
O
FFICE OF CONGRESSIONAL ACCESSIBILITY  
SERVICES  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For salaries and expenses of the Office of 
Congressional Accessibility Services, $1,387,000, to be disbursed by the Secretary of the Senate. 
CAPITOL POLICE 
S
ALARIES  
For salaries of employees of the Capitol 
Police, including overtime, hazardous duty pay, and Government contributions for health, retirement, social security, profes-sional liability insurance, and other applica-ble employee benefits, $300,000,000 of which overtime shall not exceed $30,928,000 unless the Committee on Appropriations of the House and Senate are notified, to be dis-bursed by the Chief of the Capitol Police or his designee. 
G
ENERAL EXPENSES  
For necessary expenses of the Capitol Po-
lice, including motor vehicles, communica-tions and other equipment, security equip-ment and installation, uniforms, weapons, supplies, materials, training, medical serv-ices, forensic services, stenographic services, personal and professional services, the em-ployee assistance program, the awards pro-gram, postage, communication services, travel advances, relocation of instructor and liaison personnel for the Federal Law En-forcement Training Center, and not more than $5,000 to be expended on the certifi-cation of the Chief of the Capitol Police in connection with official representation and reception expenses, $69,000,000, to be dis-bursed by the Chief of the Capitol Police or his designee: Provided , That, notwith-
standing any other provision of law, the cost of basic training for the Capitol Police at the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center for fiscal year 2016 shall be paid by the Sec-retary of Homeland Security from funds available to the Department of Homeland Security. 
A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISION  
DEPOSIT OF REIMBURSEMENTS FOR LAW  
ENFORCEMENT ASSISTANCE  
SEC. 1001. (a) I NGENERAL .—Section 
2802(a)(1) of the Supplemental Appropria-tions Act, 2001 (2 U.S.C. 1905(a)(1)) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘District of Columbia)’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘District of Colum-bia), and from any other source in the case of assistance provided in connection with an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY7.019 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3350 May 19, 2015 
activity that was not sponsored by Con-
gress’’. 
(b) C ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
2802(a)(2) of such Act (2 U.S.C. 1905(a)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘law enforcement as-sistance to any Federal, State, or local gov-ernment agency (including any agency of the District of Columbia)’’ and inserting ‘‘any law enforcement assistance for which reim-bursement described in paragraph (1) is made’’. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply with respect to any reimbursement received before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
OFFICE OF COMPLIANCE 
S
ALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For salaries and expenses of the Office of 
Compliance, as authorized by section 305 of the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1385), $3,959,000, of which $450,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided , That not more than $500 may 
be expended on the certification of the Exec-utive Director of the Office of Compliance in connection with official representation and reception expenses. 
CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE 
S
ALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For salaries and expenses necessary for op-
eration of the Congressional Budget Office, including not more than $6,000 to be ex-pended on the certification of the Director of the Congressional Budget Office in connec-tion with official representation and recep-tion expenses, $47,270,000. 
ARCHITECT OF THE CAPITOL 
C
APITOL CONSTRUCTION AND OPERATIONS  
For salaries for the Architect of the Cap-
itol, and other personal services, at rates of pay provided by law; for all necessary ex-penses for surveys and studies, construction, operation, and general and administrative support in connection with facilities and ac-tivities under the care of the Architect of the Capitol including the Botanic Garden; electrical substations of the Capitol, Senate and House office buildings, and other facili-ties under the jurisdiction of the Architect of the Capitol; including furnishings and of-fice equipment; including not more than $5,000 for official reception and representa-tion expenses, to be expended as the Archi-tect of the Capitol may approve; for purchase or exchange, maintenance, and operation of a passenger motor vehicle, $90,946,000. 
C
APITOL BUILDING  
For all necessary expenses for the mainte-
nance, care and operation of the Capitol, $46,737,000, of which $22,737,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020. 
C
APITOL GROUNDS  
For all necessary expenses for care and im-
provement of grounds surrounding the Cap-itol, the Senate and House office buildings, and the Capitol Power Plant, $11,880,000, of which $2,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020. 
H
OUSE OFFICE BUILDINGS  
For all necessary expenses for the mainte-
nance, care and operation of the House office buildings, $149,962,000, of which $23,886,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020, and of which $62,000,000 shall remain available until expended for the restoration and renovation of the Cannon House Office Building. 
In addition, for a payment to the House 
Historic Buildings Revitalization Trust Fund, $10,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
C
APITOL POWER PLANT  
For all necessary expenses for the mainte-
nance, care and operation of the Capitol Power Plant; lighting, heating, power (in-
cluding the purchase of electrical energy) and water and sewer services for the Capitol, Senate and House office buildings, Library of Congress buildings, and the grounds about the same, Botanic Garden, Senate garage, and air conditioning refrigeration not sup-plied from plants in any of such buildings; heating the Government Printing Office and Washington City Post Office, and heating and chilled water for air conditioning for the Supreme Court Building, the Union Station complex, the Thurgood Marshall Federal Ju-diciary Building and the Folger Shakespeare Library, expenses for which shall be ad-vanced or reimbursed upon request of the Ar-chitect of the Capitol and amounts so re-ceived shall be deposited into the Treasury to the credit of this appropriation, $91,549,898, of which $14,408,898 shall remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided , 
That not more than $9,000,000 of the funds credited or to be reimbursed to this appro-priation as herein provided shall be available for obligation during fiscal year 2016. 
L
IBRARY BUILDINGS AND GROUNDS  
For all necessary expenses for the mechan-
ical and structural maintenance, care and operation of the Library buildings and grounds, $36,589,000, of which $11,646,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020. 
C
APITOL POLICE BUILDINGS , GROUNDS AND  
SECURITY  
For all necessary expenses for the mainte-
nance, care and operation of buildings, grounds and security enhancements of the United States Capitol Police, wherever lo-cated, the Alternate Computer Facility, and AOC security operations, $22,058,000, of which $4,525,000 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2020. 
B
OTANIC GARDEN  
For all necessary expenses for the mainte-
nance, care and operation of the Botanic Garden and the nurseries, buildings, grounds, and collections; and purchase and exchange, maintenance, repair, and operation of a pas-senger motor vehicle; all under the direction of the Joint Committee on the Library, $11,892,000; of which $2,100,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided , 
That of the amount made available under this heading, the Architect of the Capitol may obligate and expend such sums as may be necessary for the maintenance, care and operation of the National Garden established under section 307E of the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 1989 (2 U.S.C. 2146), upon vouchers approved by the Architect of the Capitol or a duly authorized designee. 
C
APITOL VISITOR CENTER  
For all necessary expenses for the oper-
ation of the Capitol Visitor Center, $20,557,000. 
A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
NO BONUSES FOR CONTRACTORS BEHIND  
SCHEDULE OR OVER BUDGET  
SEC. 1101. None of the funds made available 
in this Act for the Architect of the Capitol may be used to make incentive or award pay-ments to contractors for work on contracts or programs for which the contractor is be-hind schedule or over budget, unless the Ar-chitect of the Capitol, or agency-employed designee, determines that any such devi-ations are due to unforeseeable events, gov-ernment-driven scope changes, or are not significant within the overall scope of the project and/or program. 
SCRIMS  
SEC. 1102. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used for scrims con-taining photographs of building facades dur-ing restoration or construction projects per-formed by the Architect of the Capitol. ACQUISITION OF PARCEL AT FORT MEADE  
SEC. 1103. (a) A CQUISITION .—The Architect 
of the Capitol is authorized to acquire from the Maryland State Highway Administra-tion, at no cost to the United States, a par-cel of real property (including improvements thereon) consisting of approximately 7.34 acres located within the portion of Fort George G. Meade in Anne Arundel County, Maryland, that was transferred to the Archi-tect of the Capitol by the Secretary of the Army pursuant to section 122 of the Military Construction Appropriations Act, 1994 (2 U.S.C. 141 note). 
(b) T
ERMS AND CONDITIONS .—The terms and 
conditions applicable under subsections (b) and (d) of section 122 of the Military Con-struction Appropriations Act, 1994 (2 U.S.C. 141 note) to the property acquired by the Ar-chitect of the Capitol pursuant to such sec-tion shall apply to the real property acquired by the Architect pursuant to the authority of this section. 
OVERSIGHT PLAN FOR FUNDS PROVIDED FOR  
LARGE SCALE PROJECTS  
SEC. 1104. (a) The Architect of the Capitol 
may not obligate more than 25 percent of the amount made available to the Architect under this Act for any project for which $5,000,000 or more is appropriated under this Act until— 
(1) the Architect submits to the Comp-
troller General and the Committee on Appro-priations of House of Representatives a plan for the use of the funds provided for the project which includes a description of any changes to the project’s schedule (including benchmarks for the timing of the completion of various stages of the project) or the project’s costs (including estimates of the total costs of the project or the total life cycle costs of the project), as well as a de-scription of the accounting and other safe-guards the Architect will implement to en-sure that the project will be carried out in a timely and cost-effective manner; and 
(2) the Comptroller General and the Com-
mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives approves such plan. 
LIBRARY OF CONGRESS 
S
ALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For necessary expenses of the Library of 
Congress not otherwise provided for, includ-ing development and maintenance of the Li-brary’s catalogs; custody and custodial care of the Library buildings; special clothing; cleaning, laundering and repair of uniforms; preservation of motion pictures in the cus-tody of the Library; operation and mainte-nance of the American Folklife Center in the Library; preparation and distribution of catalog records and other publications of the Library; hire or purchase of one passenger motor vehicle; and expenses of the Library of Congress Trust Fund Board not properly chargeable to the income of any trust fund held by the Board, $419,357,000, of which not more than $6,000,000 shall be derived from collections credited to this appropriation during fiscal year 2016, and shall remain available until expended, under the Act of June 28, 1902 (chapter 1301; 32 Stat. 480; 2 U.S.C. 150) and not more than $350,000 shall be derived from collections during fiscal year 2016 and shall remain available until ex-pended for the development and maintenance of an international legal information data-base and activities related thereto: Provided , 
That the Library of Congress may not obli-gate or expend any funds derived from col-lections under the Act of June 28, 1902, in ex-cess of the amount authorized for obligation or expenditure in appropriations Acts: Pro-
vided further , That the total amount avail-
able for obligation shall be reduced by the amount by which collections are less than 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY7.019 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3351 May 19, 2015 
$6,350,000: Provided further , That of the total 
amount appropriated, not more than $12,000 may be expended, on the certification of the Librarian of Congress, in connection with of-ficial representation and reception expenses for the Overseas Field Offices: Provided fur-
ther, That of the total amount appropriated, 
$8,231,000 shall remain available until ex-pended for the digital collections and edu-
cational curricula program. 
C
OPYRIGHT OFFICE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For all necessary expenses of the Copy-
right Office, $57,008,000, of which not more than $30,000,000, to remain available until ex-pended, shall be derived from collections credited to this appropriation during fiscal year 2016 under section 708(d) of title 17, United States Code: Provided , That the Copy-
right Office may not obligate or expend any funds derived from collections under such section, in excess of the amount authorized for obligation or expenditure in appropria-tions Acts: Provided further , That not more 
than $5,777,000 shall be derived from collec-tions during fiscal year 2016 under sections 111(d)(2), 119(b)(3), 803(e), 1005, and 1316 of such title: Provided further , That the total 
amount available for obligation shall be re-duced by the amount by which collections are less than $35,777,000: Provided further , 
That not more than $100,000 of the amount appropriated is available for the mainte-nance of an ‘‘International Copyright Insti-tute’’ in the Copyright Office of the Library of Congress for the purpose of training na-tionals of developing countries in intellec-tual property laws and policies: Provided fur-
ther, That not more than $6,500 may be ex-
pended, on the certification of the Librarian of Congress, in connection with official rep-resentation and reception expenses for ac-tivities of the International Copyright Insti-tute and for copyright delegations, visitors, and seminars: Provided further , That notwith-
standing any provision of chapter 8 of title 17, United States Code, any amounts made available under this heading which are at-tributable to royalty fees and payments re-ceived by the Copyright Office pursuant to sections 111, 119, and chapter 10 of such title may be used for the costs incurred in the ad-ministration of the Copyright Royalty Judges program, with the exception of the costs of salaries and benefits for the Copy-right Royalty Judges and staff under section 802(e). 
C
ONGRESSIONAL RESEARCH SERVICE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For necessary expenses to carry out the 
provisions of section 203 of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 166) and to revise and extend the Annotated Constitu-tion of the United States of America, $106,945,000: Provided , That no part of such 
amount may be used to pay any salary or ex-pense in connection with any publication, or preparation of material therefor (except the Digest of Public General Bills), to be issued by the Library of Congress unless such publi-cation has obtained prior approval of either the Committee on House Administration of the House of Representatives or the Com-mittee on Rules and Administration of the Senate. 
B
OOKS FOR THE BLIND AND PHYSICALLY  
HANDICAPPED  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For salaries and expenses to carry out the 
Act of March 3, 1931 (chapter 400; 46 Stat. 1487; 2 U.S.C. 135a), $50,248,000: Provided , That 
of the total amount appropriated, not more than $650,000 shall be available to contract to provide newspapers to blind and physically handicapped residents at no cost to the indi-vidual. A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISION  
REIMBURSABLE AND REVOLVING FUND  
ACTIVITIES  
SEC. 1201. (a) I NGENERAL .—For fiscal year 
2016, the obligational authority of the Li-brary of Congress for the activities described in subsection (b) may not exceed $186,015,000. 
(b) A
CTIVITIES .—The activities referred to 
in subsection (a) are reimbursable and re-volving fund activities that are funded from sources other than appropriations to the Li-brary in appropriations Acts for the legisla-tive branch. 
GOVERNMENT PUBLISHING OFFICE 
C
ONGRESSIONAL PUBLISHING  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
For authorized publishing of congressional 
information and the distribution of congres-sional information in any format; expenses necessary for preparing the semimonthly and session index to the Congressional Record, as authorized by law (section 902 of title 44, United States Code); publishing of Govern-ment publications authorized by law to be distributed to Members of Congress; and pub-lishing, and distribution of Government pub-lications authorized by law to be distributed without charge to the recipient, $79,736,000: Provided , That this appropriation shall not 
be available for paper copies of the perma-nent edition of the Congressional Record for individual Representatives, Resident Com-missioners or Delegates authorized under section 906 of title 44, United States Code: Provided further , That this appropriation 
shall be available for the payment of obliga-tions incurred under the appropriations for similar purposes for preceding fiscal years: Provided further , That notwithstanding the 2- 
year limitation under section 718 of title 44, United States Code, none of the funds appro-priated or made available under this Act or any other Act for printing and binding and related services provided to Congress under chapter 7 of title 44, United States Code, may be expended to print a document, report, or publication after the 27-month period begin-ning on the date that such document, report, or publication is authorized by Congress to be printed, unless Congress reauthorizes such printing in accordance with section 718 of title 44, United States Code: Provided further , 
That any unobligated or unexpended bal-ances in this account or accounts for similar purposes for preceding fiscal years may be transferred to the Government Publishing Office business operations revolving fund for carrying out the purposes of this heading, subject to the approval of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representa-tives and Senate: Provided further , That not-
withstanding sections 901, 902, and 906 of title 44, United States Code, this appropriation may be used to prepare indexes to the Con-gressional Record on only a monthly and ses-sion basis. 
P
UBLIC INFORMATION PROGRAMS OF THE  
SUPERINTENDENT OF DOCUMENTS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  
For expenses of the public information pro-
grams of the Office of Superintendent of Documents necessary to provide for the cata-loging and indexing of Government publica-tions and their distribution to the public, Members of Congress, other Government agencies, and designated depository and international exchange libraries as author-ized by law, $30,500,000: Provided , That 
amounts of not more than $2,000,000 from current year appropriations are authorized for producing and disseminating Congres-sional serial sets and other related publica-tions for fiscal years 2014 and 2015 to deposi-tory and other designated libraries: Provided further , That any unobligated or unexpended 
balances in this account or accounts for similar purposes for preceding fiscal years may be transferred to the Government Pub-lishing Office business operations revolving fund for carrying out the purposes of this heading, subject to the approval of the Com-mittees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and Senate. 
G
OVERNMENT PUBLISHING OFFICE BUSINESS  
OPERATIONS REVOLVING FUND 
The Government Publishing Office is here-
by authorized to make such expenditures, within the limits of funds available and in accordance with law, and to make such con-tracts and commitments without regard to fiscal year limitations as provided by section 9104 of title 31, United States Code, as may be necessary in carrying out the programs and purposes set forth in the budget for the current fiscal year for the Government Pub-lishing Office business operations revolving fund: Provided , That not more than $7,500 
may be expended on the certification of the Director of the Government Publishing Of-fice in connection with official representa-tion and reception expenses: Provided further , 
That the business operations revolving fund shall be available for the hire or purchase of not more than 12 passenger motor vehicles: Provided further , That expenditures in con-
nection with travel expenses of the advisory councils to the Director of the Government Publishing Office shall be deemed necessary to carry out the provisions of title 44, United States Code: Provided further , That the busi-
ness operations revolving fund shall be avail-able for temporary or intermittent services under section 3109(b) of title 5, United States Code, but at rates for individuals not more than the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay for level V of the Executive Schedule under section 5316 of such title: Provided further , That activities financed 
through the business operations revolving fund may provide information in any format: Provided further , That the business oper-
ations revolving fund and the funds provided under the heading ‘‘Public Information Pro-grams of the Superintendent of Documents’’ may not be used for contracted security services at GPO’s passport facility in the District of Columbia. 
GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE 
S
ALARIES AND EXPENSES  
For necessary expenses of the Government 
Accountability Office, including not more than $12,500 to be expended on the certifi-cation of the Comptroller General of the United States in connection with official representation and reception expenses; tem-porary or intermittent services under sec-tion 3109(b) of title 5, United States Code, but at rates for individuals not more than the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay for level IV of the Executive Schedule under section 5315 of such title; hire of one passenger motor vehicle; advance payments in foreign countries in accordance with section 3324 of title 31, United States Code; benefits comparable to those payable under sections 901(5), (6), and (8) of the For-eign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 4081(5), (6), and (8)); and under regulations prescribed by the Comptroller General of the United States, rental of living quarters in foreign countries, $522,000,000: Provided , That, in ad-
dition, $25,450,000 of payments received under sections 782, 791, 3521, and 9105 of title 31, United States Code, shall be available with-out fiscal year limitation: Provided further , 
That this appropriation and appropriations for administrative expenses of any other de-partment or agency which is a member of the National Intergovernmental Audit Forum or a Regional Intergovernmental 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY7.019 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3352 May 19, 2015 
Audit Forum shall be available to finance an 
appropriate share of either Forum’s costs as determined by the respective Forum, includ-ing necessary travel expenses of non-Federal participants: Provided further , That pay-
ments hereunder to the Forum may be cred-ited as reimbursements to any appropriation from which costs involved are initially fi-nanced. 
A
DMINISTRATIVE PROVISION  
FEDERAL GOVERNMENT DETAILS  
SEC. 1301. (a) P ERMITTING DETAILS FROM 
OTHER FEDERAL OFFICES .—Section 731 of 
title 31, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: 
‘‘(k) F
EDERAL GOVERNMENT DETAILS .—The 
activities of the Government Accountability Office may, in the reasonable discretion of the Comptroller General, be carried out by receiving details of personnel from other of-fices of the Federal Government on a reim-bursable, partially-reimbursable, or nonre-imbursable basis.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by subsection (a) shall apply with re-spect to fiscal year 2016 and each succeeding fiscal year. 
OPEN WORLD LEADERSHIP CENTER 
TRUST FUND 
For a payment to the Open World Leader-
ship Center Trust Fund for financing activi-ties of the Open World Leadership Center under section 313 of the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2001 (2 U.S.C. 1151), $5,700,000, except that any funds made avail-able under this heading to support Russian participants shall only be used for those en-gaging in free market development, humani-tarian activities, and civic engagement, and shall not be used for officials of the central government of Russia. 
J
OHNC. S TENNIS CENTER FOR PUBLIC SERVICE  
TRAINING AND DEVELOPMENT  
For payment to the John C. Stennis Center 
for Public Service Development Trust Fund established under section 116 of the John C. Stennis Center for Public Service Training and Development Act (2 U.S.C. 1105), $430,000. 
TITLE II—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
MAINTENANCE AND CARE OF PRIVATE VEHICLES  
SEC. 201. No part of the funds appropriated 
in this Act shall be used for the maintenance or care of private vehicles, except for emer-gency assistance and cleaning as may be pro-vided under regulations relating to parking facilities for the House of Representatives issued by the Committee on House Adminis-tration and for the Senate issued by the Committee on Rules and Administration. 
FISCAL YEAR LIMITATION  
SEC. 202. No part of the funds appropriated 
in this Act shall remain available for obliga-tion beyond fiscal year 2016 unless expressly so provided in this Act. 
RATES OF COMPENSATION AND DESIGNATION  
SEC. 203. Whenever in this Act any office or 
position not specifically established by the Legislative Pay Act of 1929 (46 Stat. 32 et seq.) is appropriated for or the rate of com-pensation or designation of any office or po-sition appropriated for is different from that specifically established by such Act, the rate of compensation and the designation in this Act shall be the permanent law with respect thereto: Provided , That the provisions in this 
Act for the various items of official expenses of Members, officers, and committees of the Senate and House of Representatives, and clerk hire for Senators and Members of the House of Representatives shall be the perma-nent law with respect thereto. 
CONSULTING SERVICES  
SEC. 204. The expenditure of any appropria-
tion under this Act for any consulting serv-ice through procurement contract, under 
section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, shall be limited to those contracts where such expenditures are a matter of public record and available for public inspection, 
except where otherwise provided under exist-ing law, or under existing Executive order issued under existing law. 
COSTS OF LBFMC  
SEC. 205. Amounts available for adminis-
trative expenses of any legislative branch entity which participates in the Legislative Branch Financial Managers Council (LBFMC) established by charter on March 26, 1996, shall be available to finance an appro-priate share of LBFMC costs as determined by the LBFMC, except that the total LBFMC costs to be shared among all participating legislative branch entities (in such alloca-tions among the entities as the entities may determine) may not exceed $2,000. 
LANDSCAPE MAINTENANCE  
SEC. 206. For fiscal year 2016 and each fiscal 
year thereafter, the Architect of the Capitol, in consultation with the District of Colum-bia, is authorized to maintain and improve the landscape features, excluding streets, in Square 580 up to the beginning of I–395. 
LIMITATION ON TRANSFERS  
SEC. 207. None of the funds made available 
in this Act may be transferred to any depart-ment, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government, except pursuant to a transfer made by, or transfer authority provided in, this Act or any other appropria-tion Act. 
GUIDED TOURS OF THE CAPITOL  
SEC. 208. (a) Except as provided in sub-
section (b), none of the funds made available to the Architect of the Capitol in this Act may be used to eliminate or restrict guided tours of the United States Capitol which are led by employees and interns of offices of Members of Congress and other offices of the House of Representatives and Senate 
(b) At the direction of the Capitol Police 
Board, or at the direction of the Architect of the Capitol with the approval of the Capitol Police Board, guided tours of the United States Capitol which are led by employees and interns described in subsection (a) may be suspended temporarily or otherwise sub-ject to restriction for security or related rea-sons to the same extent as guided tours of the United States Capitol which are led by the Architect of the Capitol. 
BATTERY RECHARGING STATIONS FOR PRI -
VATELY OWNED VEHICLES IN PARKING AREAS  
UNDER THE JURISDICTION OF THE LIBRARIAN  
OF CONGRESS AT NO NET COST TO THE FED -
ERAL GOVERNMENT  
SEC. 209. (a) D EFINITION .—In this section, 
the term ‘‘covered employee’’ means— 
(1) an employee of the Library of Congress; 
or 
(2) any other individual who is authorized 
to park in any parking area under the juris-diction of the Library of Congress on the Li-brary of Congress buildings and grounds. 
(b) A
UTHORITY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (3), 
funds appropriated to the Architect of the Capitol under the heading ‘‘C
APITOL POWER  
PLANT ’’ under the heading ‘‘ARCHITECT OF 
THE CAPITOL’’ in any fiscal year are avail-able to construct, operate, and maintain on a reimbursable basis battery recharging sta-tions in parking areas under the jurisdiction of the Library of Congress on Library of Con-gress buildings and grounds for use by pri-vately owned vehicles used by covered em-ployees. 
(2) V
ENDORS AUTHORIZED .—In carrying out 
paragraph (1), the Architect of the Capitol may use 1 or more vendors on a commission basis. (3) A
PPROVAL OF CONSTRUCTION .—The Ar-
chitect of the Capitol may construct or di-rect the construction of battery recharging stations described under paragraph (1) after— 
(A) submission of written notice detailing 
the numbers and locations of the battery re-charging stations to the Joint Committee on the Library; and 
(B) approval by that Committee. 
(c) F
EES AND CHARGES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), 
the Architect of the Capitol shall charge fees or charges for electricity provided to covered employees sufficient to cover the costs to the Architect of the Capitol to carry out this section, including costs to any vendors or other costs associated with maintaining the battery recharging stations. 
(2) A
PPROVAL OF FEES OR CHARGES .—The 
Architect of the Capitol may establish and adjust fees or charges under paragraph (1) after— 
(A) submission of written notice detailing 
the amount of the fee or charge to be estab-lished or adjusted to the Joint Committee on the Library; and 
(B) approval by that Committee. 
(d) D
EPOSIT AND AVAILABILITY OF FEES, 
CHARGES , AND COMMISSIONS .—Any fees, 
charges, or commissions collected by the Ar-chitect of the Capitol under this section shall be— 
(1) deposited in the Treasury to the credit 
of the appropriations account described under subsection (b); and 
(2) available for obligation without further 
appropriation during the fiscal year col-lected. 
(e) R
EPORTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days 
after the end of each fiscal year, the Archi-tect of the Capitol shall submit a report on the financial administration and cost recov-ery of activities under this section with re-spect to that fiscal year to the Joint Com-mittee on the Library and the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Represent-atives and Senate. 
(2) A
VOIDING SUBSIDY .— 
(A) D ETERMINATION .—Not later than 3 
years after the date of enactment of this Act and every 3 years thereafter, the Architect of the Capitol shall submit a report to the Joint Committee on the Library determining whether covered employees using battery charging stations as authorized by this sec-tion are receiving a subsidy from the tax-payers. 
(B) M
ODIFICATION OF RATES AND FEES .—If a 
determination is made under subparagraph (A) that a subsidy is being received, the Ar-chitect of the Capitol shall submit a plan to the Joint Committee on the Library on how to update the program to ensure no subsidy is being received. If the Joint Committee does not act on the plan within 60 days, the Architect of the Capitol shall take appro-priate steps to increase rates or fees to en-sure reimbursement for the cost of the pro-gram consistent with an appropriate sched-ule for amortization, to be charged to those using the charging stations. 
(f) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall 
apply with respect to fiscal year 2016 and each fiscal year thereafter. 
COST OF LIVING ADJUSTMENT  
SEC. 210. Notwithstanding any other provi-
sion of law, no adjustment shall be made under section 601(a) of the Legislative Reor-ganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4501) (relat-ing to cost of living adjustments for Mem-bers of Congress) during fiscal year 2016. 
SPENDING REDUCTION ACCOUNT  
SEC. 211. The amount by which the applica-
ble allocation of new budget authority made by the Committee on Appropriations of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY7.019 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3353 May 19, 2015 
House of Representatives under section 
302(b) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, excluding Senate items, exceeds the amount of proposed new budget authority is $0. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Legislative 
Branch Appropriations Act, 2016’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. No amendment 
to the bill shall be in order except those printed in part B of House Report 114–120. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and con-trolled by the proponent and an oppo-nent, shall not be subject to amend-ment, and shall not be subject to a de-mand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . RATCLIFFE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 1 printed in part B of House Report 114–120. 
Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Page 29, line 18, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(reduced by $5,700,000)’’. 
Page 37, line 15, after the dollar amount, 
insert ‘‘(increased by $5,700,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 271, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank Chairman G
RAVES and Ranking 
Member W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ for their 
hard work in crafting this bill. 
Mr. Chairman, in this fiscal environ-
ment, we have to be better stewards of taxpayer dollars, and we have to scru-tinize every program that we allocate money towards. We can’t ever forget that every dollar that we spend is a dollar taken from our constituents’ hard-earned paychecks. It is for that reason, Mr. Chairman, that I have of-fered this amendment to eliminate funding for the Open World Leadership Center—a program started in 1999 and housed in the Library of Congress with the purpose of bringing leaders from post-Soviet countries to the United States to learn about our legislative process. 
The gentleman from California spoke 
passionately a few minutes ago about his belief that we need to have pro-grams like this, but his comments ig-nore the fact that there are nearly 90 other similar or nearly identical pro-grams throughout the government aimed at achieving this same goal. At the same time, this program has now spent more than $150 million towards that duplicative purpose. 
So when you consider that duplica-
tive purpose alongside a national debt of $18.2 trillion, we have got to hon-estly examine and reconsider whether this is the best use of taxpayer money. This is especially true when accounts 
and programs across the legislative branch have seen reductions in recent years, but yet not a single dollar has been cut from the Open World program despite the fact that, after this sub-committee’s examination of this pro-gram, Chairman G
RAVES reported that, 
‘‘In light of both the lack of quantifi-able results from the Open World Lead-ership Center and its duplications of programs more appropriately offered by the State Department, the program has long outlived its short-term in-tent.’’ 
Mr. Chairman, I agree with the chair-
man’s assessment, which is, by the way, not a partisan one. In fact, this is the all-too-rare situation and oppor-tunity where Republicans and Demo-crats, alike, agree that we can cut spending without hurting American citizens. 
The American people have entrusted 
us with the responsibility of seeing that their tax dollars don’t go to waste. And while Mr. G
RAVES ’ bill allocates 
funds to the legislative branch to do the important work that we need to on behalf of the American people, the Open World program is one area where we can and should make this spending cut. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he 
may consume to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. G
RAVES ), the chairman. 
Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Chair-
man, I thank the gentleman for bring-ing this forward. He has done a lot of work on this topic. He is new to the body—I think everybody knows that— and with haste he has moved to find an area in which we can continue to pro-vide savings for taxpayers. 
Mr. Chairman, I support the gentle-
man’s amendment here, and I appre-ciate his bringing it forward. 
Mr. RATCLIFFE. I thank the chair-
man. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield the balance of 
my time to the gentleman from Lou-isiana (Mr. S
CALISE ), the majority 
whip. 
Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Chairman, I want 
to thank my colleague for bringing this amendment and for focusing in on areas where we can actually eliminate spending here in Washington. Again, you have to recognize that about 35 cents of every dollar spent is money borrowed from countries like China, so we ought to be combing every different piece of this budget and finding areas where we can say that this isn’t some-thing that the Federal Government should be doing. 
It might be a noble program to have 
exchanges with other countries, but to be spending millions of dollars at a time when our country has needs that aren’t being met and that we are bor-rowing money from other countries and sending that bill to our children, this is a time where we have got to be combing through these kinds of pro-grams, and I want to thank him for his leadership. b1600 
This is a time where we have got to 
be combing through these kind of pro-grams, and I want to thank him for his leadership. This is something that should be eliminated. We shouldn’t be spending millions of dollars of tax-payer money to bring people over to this country. If they want to come, we welcome them. 
Many countries do send people over 
here to observe how democracy works; we send people on occasion to other countries to spread democracy, but there are duplications in so many other areas of our budget where this is al-ready being done, and this is just one more area where we ought to be saving taxpayers’ money and being fiscally re-sponsible. 
This isn’t something we can afford to 
do; it isn’t something we should be doing. I am glad the gentleman is bringing the amendment to eliminate this spending. I support it and hope the House approves it. 
Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. 
Chairman, I claim the time in opposi-tion. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Florida is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. 
Chairman, I want to note for the Mem-bers that this would be the first time that I am actually opposing an amend-ment that cuts the Open World pro-gram. 
Initially, when I became chair of the 
Legislative Branch Subcommittee 8 years ago, this program was at $14 mil-lion. I have consistently tried to cut this program and move its funding to the State Department bill for every single year since then. We have not been successful, but we are only at $5.7 million now, which is a more appro-priate amount. 
We are, as I said, in general debate. 
This funding going somewhere else in the Legislative Branch Appropriations bill would be more appropriate. Since we are sending it out of the bill in a bill that is already inadequately fund-ed, it is not an amendment I can sup-port. 
At this time, I yield 2 minutes to the 
gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. F
OR-
TENBERRY ), who wishes to speak in op-
position to the amendment. 
Mr. FORTENBERRY. Mr. Chairman, 
I thank the ranking member for the time. I also want to thank the sub-committee chairman, Mr. G
RAVES , for 
the gentlemanly way in which we have conducted this debate. 
This is a transpartisan issue. We 
have got Democrats and Republicans divided on each side of the aisle, which is a bit unusual, but nonetheless, this is important. 
I support the Open World Leadership 
Center. I am on its board. It has been mentioned that this is better nested within the State Department. The State Department does have a myriad of programs. However, this is a legisla-
tive branch program, and we should not outsource our responsibility there. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY7.019 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3354 May 19, 2015 
This program was formed in the wake 
of the fall of the Soviet Union in order to give a chance for the development of legal structures, stabilized civil soci-ety, and the opportunity for democracy to evolve. While the primary focus was on Russia, that component has been suspended, and this program has taken a very substantial cut down from $10 million to about $6 million now. 
To jettison it gets rid of very impor-
tant deliverables. Over 23,000 judges, politicians, emerging civil society lead-ers, and young people have participated in this program, including 15 members of Ukraine’s parliament, 15 members of Moldova’s parliament, 8 Russian gov-ernors; 51 percent of the participants are women. 
Mr. Chairman, the military tells me: 
Send us in last. 
We will send billions and billions of 
dollars of lethal military aid to a coun-try, but the military says: Do every-thing you can to build up good will and trust and relationships in stable soci-eties so that we do not have to resort to what none of us wants to resort to. 
The Open World Leadership Center 
fulfills that role in an effective way. There are changes that I hope will be 
forthcoming to make it more effective in the future. I hope we will preserve this important legislative priority which cannot be replicated, essentially, by the State Department. 
Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Chairman, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. At this 
time, I yield 30 seconds to the gen-tleman from Alabama (Mr. A
DERHOLT ). 
Mr. ADERHOLT. Mr. Chairman, I 
would like to thank the gentlewoman for yielding, and as someone who served as ranking member for this sub-committee back several years ago, I just want to express my support and the work for the Open World Leader-ship Center than the opposed amend-ment offered by the gentleman from Texas. 
I am sure it is well intended, but I do 
want to say that I think that this amendment is not going in the right di-rection. We do need to keep this part-nership. It is a partnership. It is a rela-tionship that has developed with these former Soviet countries. 
I think it is very important. It has 
served us well. It is a program that a lot of people say is duplicated in other agencies of government, but I will say it is unique. It is a unique approach to working across borders to highlight the critical role of the legislative branch in emerging democracies. 
I just want to say that I support this 
bill as it currently is and would oppose the gentleman’s amendment. 
Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Chairman, I 
continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. 
Chairman, can you tell me how much time we have remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Florida has 1
1⁄2minutes remain-
ing. The gentleman from Texas has 30 seconds remaining. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. 
Chairman, at this time, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Ohio 
(Ms. K
APTUR ). 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
Ranking Member W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ  
for the time. 
I rise in strong opposition to the 
Ratcliffe amendment. 
If anyone has been watching, you 
have seen Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Now, more than ever, it is critical to engage with rising stars in the former Soviet Union because the old tactics of Soviet Russia are still being employed. 
This program belongs to Congress. 
Yes, it is a legislative branch program, so it is small; it is efficient; it is ours. It is our one tool to reach out to these countries to their rising leaders to ex-pand accountable governance and the rule of law. Who better to teach it than those engaged, those of us who commu-nicate with citizens in these countries that so very much want to be free? 
Open World directly connects us with 
changemakers in this very, very fluid region of the world. It reaches beyond the big cities, into the country side. I personally have greeted some of the leaders that have come from several countries, including Moldova and Ukraine. 
Let me tell you, it will be our genera-
tion and the next that will pay the price if this amendment is passed. We simply must engage with this part of the world. We cannot leave her in the hands of the Russian bear. 
I urge very strong opposition to the 
Ratcliffe amendment. 
Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Chairman, how 
much time is remaining on both sides? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Texas has 30 seconds remaining. The gentlewoman from Florida has 30 seconds remaining. 
Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Chairman, I 
continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. At this 
time, I yield 10 seconds to the gen-tleman from California (Mr. F
ARR). 
Mr. FARR. Mr. Chairman, I would 
just like to respond that there is no legislative program in the State De-partment like this. You can’t transfer it there. They are not operative in these countries, so to say that this could be moved over—look, you were in professional organizations. 
This is legislator to legislator, judge 
to judge, and we need to keep it that way. 
Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Chairman, my 
constituents sent me to Washington to cut wasteful spending. The Open World program is one of many, many pro-grams that have the same purpose throughout the Federal Government. This is a chance to cut $5 million in spending for a duplicative program that we simply don’t need. 
I urge my colleagues to vote in sup-
port of passage of the Ratcliffe amend-ment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. 
Chairman, unfortunately, what this amendment is, is a missed opportunity 
to be fiscally responsible. 
I also support not spending money on 
the Open World program any longer and moving it to the State Depart-ment. Unfortunately, the majority has chosen to make a rule in order that fo-cuses on an amendment to shift the $5.7 million completely out of the legis-lative branch when we have plaster falling off buildings, elevators badly in need of repair, we have cuts to our MRA—our office accounts—our staff that isn’t well paid enough; and it just not responsible. 
This is a missed opportunity. I urge 
the Members, unfortunately, to oppose the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. 
Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas will be post-poned. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . FLORES  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 2 printed in part B of House Report 114–120. 
Mr. FLORES. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. None of the funds made available 
by this Act may be used to deliver a printed copy of the Congressional Pictorial Direc-tory to the office of a Member of the House of Representatives (including a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to the Congress). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 271, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. F
LORES ) and a Member 
opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
Mr. FLORES. Mr. Chairman, I rise to 
offer a simple amendment to prohibit funds for delivering printed copies of the Congressional Pictorial Directory in the House of Representatives. 
The pictorial directory is a book with 
pictures of Members of Congress print-ed by the Government Publishing Of-fice. The most recent edition cost over $200,000 to print and distribute. While I realize this is not much money, I think with an $18 trillion debt, that we need to be looking for the pennies, as well as the $100 bills. 
The most important thing is this 
book is no longer necessary to print in hard copy. We are almost 6 months into the 114th Congress, and the GPO has still not published the book. Dur-ing the 113th Congress, it took the GPO 9 months, until September, to release the pictorial directory. Here is what one of them looks like. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.057 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3355 May 19, 2015 
Private groups make similar direc-
tories that are actually more useful and include contact information and biographies of Members, in addition to their pictures. I have a copy of the di-rectory that was dropped off at my of-fice by a trade association in the last few days, and unlike the GPO direc-tory, it is up to date, and they keep it up to date. 
Of course, pictures of Members of 
Congress are readily available for free online. If needed, the Clerk could en-sure that appropriate photographs of current Members are available to cre-ate an online pictorial directory. 
The language of this amendment mir-
rors several riders already in the bill that prohibit funds for the delivery of printed copies of bills and resolutions, printed copies of the C
ONGRESSIONAL  
RECORD , printed copies of the state-
ments of disbursements, and printed copies of the daily calendar. 
Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues 
to support my commonsense amend-ment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. 
Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Florida is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. 
Chairman, I think it is worth stating for the R
ECORD that this amendment 
would maybe save somewhere between $9,000 and $29,000. I mean, let’s bear the full impact of that weighty sum, de-pending on how it is interpreted. 
This is an amendment that would 
prevent the delivery of a printed copy that I have in my hand of the Congres-sional Pictorial Directory—which, by the way, Mr. F
LORES , no offense, but 
some of us used this directory to iden-tify you during the course of this dis-cussion. 
This is a book that is actually nec-
essary and one that we shouldn’t be 
farming out or relying on lobbyists to print for us. 
Every year, we seem to get an 
amendment that stops some sort of printing or delivery of a paper copy of some document to Member offices. 
Just so Members know, we have actu-
ally made real savings in this bill in the past—in the Legislative Branch Ap-propriations bill—by no longer deliv-ering a printed copy of a bill unless a Member requests a copy; we no longer deliver the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD to 
Member offices; we no longer allow more than 50 printed copies of the Code to go to House offices; we no longer de-liver a printed copy of the statements of disbursement to Member offices; we no longer deliver a printed copy of the daily calendar to Member offices—all of which cost far more than stopping the printing of these books. 
It isn’t really realistic to expect 
Members to print out a piece of paper— or staff—and carry around a whole bunch of printed faded copies of paper to help identify Members. We have new Members every 2 years. My point is we are about out of low- 
hanging fruit here. I hope this is the last of this type of amendment be-cause, if we want to change printing, the Members have an opportunity to take their grievances up with the Joint Committee on Printing. 
The distribution of the Congressional 
Pictorial Directory is actually set by the Joint Committee on Printing. Maybe the gentleman is unaware of that, and it doesn’t need to be legis-lated through this bill. We don’t need to be creating a false impression that we are actually saving taxpayer dollars that would not have been saved through another means. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FLORES. Mr. Chairman, I think 
the gentlewoman from Florida made a great case for putting this book in the same stack of dinosaurs that she was talking about when it comes to elimi-nating all other waste in terms of gov-ernment printing. 
I have an app that cost me $1.99 that 
gives me current pictures of Members of Congress. I don’t have to carry any paper around. I don’t have to carry this book around. I don’t have to carry this book around. I just have to have an app. 
Look, we are a 21st century Congress. 
Why don’t we act like a 21st century Congress and get rid of the dinosaurs like this? 
b1615 
Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Will 
the gentleman yield for a question? 
Mr. FLORES. I yield to the gentle-
woman from Florida. 
Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. I am 
wondering whether that app was pri-vately produced or was produced by taxpayers. As for the $1.99 that you spent on it, were those taxpayer dollars you used to pay for it or from your own personal funds? 
Mr. FLORES. That was my personal 
money. 
Mr. Chairman, reclaiming my time, I 
reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. 
Chairman, my point is that it would be one thing if a congressional tutorial di-rectory were unnecessary, but that is not the case. It is necessary. What isn’t necessary is for us to be wasting time in debate on the House floor over some-thing that could actually be handled differently. If the gentleman or any other Member thought that the Joint Committee on Printing should handle it differently, just go talk to them. 
Instead, what we are doing is pre-
tending that we are actually saving taxpayer dollars. This is about $9,000, and what we shouldn’t be doing is out-sourcing the things that we need in terms of the materials to do a better job serving the public to lobbyists and the private sector. That does not make sense, and it isn’t necessary, and the majority should not leave the impres-sion that they are actually doing some-thing fiscally responsible here. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FLORES. Mr. Chairman, this has 
been a fascinating discussion. The gen-tlewoman from Florida claims that the savings are between $9,000 and $29,000 while the numbers that we have are $200,000. If you ask your typical hard- working family if $9,000 is a lot of money, they will say, yes, it is. Is $29,000 a lot of money? They will say yes. Is $200,000 a lot of money? They will say yes. If you say, ‘‘You are pay-ing for that. Would you like the gov-ernment to stop wasting that money?’’ then they would say, absolutely, yes. 
If the gentlewoman does not want to 
waste any time on this and vote ‘‘aye,’’ then let’s stop. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. 
Chairman, I will point out that the gentleman’s amendment does not actu-ally stop the printing of the pictorial directory. It simply stops the delivery of the directory to Members’ offices. So it does not provide the savings that the gentleman is talking about. It provides between $9,000 and $29,000 because the only cost that he is saving is on the de-livery and not on the printing. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FLORES. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. G
RAVES ), the chairman of the sub-
committee. 
Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. I thank the 
gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. Chairman, I read the amend-
ment’s intent as well. As the ranking member just stated and as the argu-ment seems to go around in a circle here, it doesn’t stop the printing of these items, of these directories. It just says that Members of Congress shouldn’t have somebody privately de-liver them to their offices. If they want one, go get one. If they want to look it up online, look it up online. If they want to spend $1.99 and get an app, they can get an app. This just says that the Congressional Pictorial Directory is just not going to be delivered to a Member’s office. I don’t know how con-troversial that can be. 
I thank the gentleman for his amend-
ment. 
Mr. FLORES. Mr. Chairman, I urge 
my colleagues to vote for this com-monsense amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. 
Chairman, I conclude by pointing out that the offerer of the amendment, and the chairman, are suggesting that now we should print things that we don’t use. If that isn’t an example of a waste of taxpayer dollars in suggesting that we should print this document but not make sure that it is delivered to Mem-bers’ offices for their utilization, that pretty much sounds like government waste under the classic definition. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. F
LORES ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.060 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3356 May 19, 2015 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MRS . 
BLACKBURN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 3 printed in part B of House Report 114–120. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following: 
SEC. ll. (a) Each amount made available 
by this Act is hereby reduced by 1 percent. 
(b) The reduction in subsection (a) shall 
not apply with respect to— 
(1) accounts under the heading ‘‘Capitol 
Police’’; 
(2) ‘‘Architect of the Capitol—Capitol Po-
lice Buildings, Grounds and Security’’; or 
(3) the amount provided for salaries and ex-
penses of the Office of the Sergeant at Arms under the heading ‘‘House of Representa-tives—Salaries, Officers and Employees’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 271, the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACKBURN ) and 
a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentle-
woman from Tennessee. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, 
first, I want to begin by thanking the subcommittee chairman for his hard work on this effort that is in front of us and for the committee’s identifying ways to reduce what the Federal Gov-ernment spends, especially in the leg branch. 
The fiscal year 2016 proposed funding 
level is $3.3 billion. That is $173 billion below the President’s request. I think there is more work that we could do, and my 1 percent across-the-board spending reduction will save taxpayers an additional $29 million in budget au-thority and $25 million in outlays for fiscal year 2016. It is a targeted cut in discretionary spending that exempts the Capitol Police, the Sergeant at Arms, and security maintained by the Architect of the Capitol. 
Again, as I said, I want to recognize 
the work of Chairman G
RAVES and his 
committee. They have done several very important things that, I think, we ought to highlight. 
First, this measure continues to 
freeze Member pay in place, where it has been since 2010. Second, it con-tinues a 14 percent reduction in fund-ing for the House of Representatives, which Republicans began in 2011. I ap-preciate that Chairman R
OGERS  
brought attention to that as general debate began. Third, the bill cuts fund-ing for programs such as the Govern-ment Publishing Office, which we have just been discussing—many programs that have outlived their usefulness. 
We can cut more, and a penny on a 
dollar is worth the effort. We are a country that has over $18 trillion in debt. Financial security has become an issue of national security. Admiral Mullen said the greatest threat to our Nation’s security is our growing na-tional debt. That is a reason for our getting our fiscal house in order and 
looking to future generations and say-ing, let’s go in and cut one more penny out of a dollar. This effort that I bring before you would do just that—one more cent—and do it for future genera-tions. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. 
Chairman, I claim time in opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Florida is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. 
Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to this amendment. 
It takes a meat-ax approach to cut-
ting this bill by over $29 million with an across-the-board cut of 1 percent. I want to point out that it also exempts the Capitol Police and its buildings, as well as the Sergeant at Arms. 
If the gentlewoman, who I know of-
fers these amendments over and over again, were truly committed to an across-the-board cut, then she would just simply offer an across-the-board cut. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to 
the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. H
OYER ), the minority whip. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentle-
woman for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposi-
tion to this. 
This is a mindless but easy cut. 
Tough words. By the way, this is se-quester, which is a Republican pro-posal. It started in about 2011 but, real-ly, before that with all of these across- the-board cuts because you don’t have to make any choices, and you don’t have to make priorities. You just say, Oh, let’s save money. 
Frankly, so many of the people in 
this country want this Congress to have vigorous oversight of the execu-tive department, which has expanded very substantially while the legislature has continued to undermine its ability to function as an effective oversight agency of the American people. The legislative branch is underfunded. We do not have the capacity to do the ef-fective oversight as we ought to be doing. The Department of Veterans Af-fairs is a perfect example of that where we were not vigorous enough in over-sight to ensure that money was being applied properly. 
If you want to cut and if you want to 
say something—this is not good; that is not good; we are wasting money there—then specify it. Debate that issue up or down. That is why sequester is so abysmally wrong and why the chairman of the committee called it unrealistic and ill-conceived. This is not Obama’s proposal of a sequester. I am not talking about this amendment, but to say, as you repeatedly say on your side of the aisle, that this is Obama’s proposal is baloney. In fact, the only reason Jack Lew suggested that to Reid as an option was because you—and I refer to the Republican friends on the other side of the aisle— were threatening not to honor the Na-
tion’s debt. 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentleman has expired. 
Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. I yield 
the gentleman an additional 30 sec-onds. 
Mr. HOYER. That is the only reason 
we passed sequester, and nobody in-tended sequester to go into effect. It was always a backup. Because we have failed to come to an agreement on a fiscally responsible, sustainable path, we have repaired to this ill-conceived, unrealistic concept of sequester. This 1 percent across the board is exactly that. It puts intellect on hold and judg-ment on hold. That is not why the American people sent us here. 
Reject this amendment. Respect this 
institution, and respect our responsi-bility to the American people. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, I 
reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. 
Chairman, how much time do I have re-maining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Florida has 2 minutes remaining. 
Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield 1 minute and 15 sec-onds to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. B
ISHOP ). 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. I thank the 
gentlewoman for yielding. 
Mr. Chairman, I want to say a few 
words about one part of the bill that I find very troubling. This is a cut that is a penny-wise and pound-foolish. 
Last year, we named the GPO as the 
Government Publishing Office, and that is because of the range of digital services that it provides. This year, the Legislative Branch Subcommittee voted to cut those operations by elimi-nating the appropriated funding for the GPO’s Federal digital system, which provides free digital access to more than a million congressional and other government document titles that have been downloaded by the public more than 1 billion times over the past 5 years. It does not make sense. Cutting this will severely eliminate money to upgrade the GPO’s Federal digital sys-tem and the new search and retrieval system. 
In recognition of the fiscal pressures 
we all face, the GPO came in with a flat budget request this year, asking only that we support the commitment to their digital transformation. We said ‘‘yes’’ to it last year, and I am hopeful that we can restore that fund-ing this year. It makes no sense to cut this. There are millions of people in local libraries all across this country who depend on this digital system, and we do not need to cut it. This is penny- wise and pound-foolish. 
Mr. Chair, as a former Member of the 
House Legislative Branch Appropriations Sub-committee, I wanted to say a few words about one part of this year’s spending bill which I find very troubling. 
A year ago, Congress and the President 
agreed to rename GPO as the Government Publishing Office, based on the broad range of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.062 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3357 May 19, 2015 
digital services the agency now provides. The 
Subcommittee supported this legislative change. 
This year, the House Legislative Branch Ap-
propriations Subcommittee voted to cut those operations by eliminating appropriated funding for GPO’s Federal Digital System, which pro-vides free digital access to more than 1 million congressional and other Government docu-ment titles that have been downloaded by the public more than 1 billion times over the past five years. This cut just doesn’t make sense. 
It will severely curtail GPO’s ability to add 
new digital documents to its Federal Digital System. It will zero out the funding for initia-tives that support the missions of congres-sional and legislative branch organizations such as the Clerk of the House of Representa-tives, the Secretary of the Senate, and the Li-brary of Congress who rely on information from the Federal Digital System to feed websites such as Congress.gov and Docs.House.gov. 
GPO’s Federal Digital System, though just 5 
years old, is already beginning to show its age. The rapid changes in today’s digital tech-nical environment remind us why it’s essential for GPO to keep up with the times. 
But this funding cut will eliminate money to 
upgrade GPO’s Federal Digital System with a new search and retrieval system, an improved user interface, and other needed hardware and software improvements, including migrat-ing the system to the cloud. Due to the critical role the Federal Digital System plays in mak-ing our legislative information transparent and available online, we need to make this invest-ment. 
In recognition of the fiscal pressures we all 
face, GPO came in with a flat budget request this year, asking only that we support their commitment to their digital transformation. We said yes to that transformation last year, and I am hopeful that we can restore this funding in the final legislation. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, I 
find it so interesting that this is called a ‘‘meat-ax approach.’’ Yes, I do come regularly to offer these amendments, because I care what happens with our Nation. I care about our future, and I want to make certain that we are on solid financial footing. We have a re-sponsibility to be good stewards of the taxpayers’ money. It is their money. 
To say this is mindless and easy, how 
interesting that is. Go tell all of the Governors from coast to coast—Demo-crat and Republican—who use across- the-board spending cuts to get budgets in balance. Tell that to mayors who use this same process. The reason it is done is it works. It helps the bureauc-racy hold itself accountable, and that is absolutely what we ought to be doing at this point in time. 
As you can see, cutting is a very 
emotional issue. Cutting brings for-ward a lot of emotions. Talking about doing more with less, being resource-ful, that is what we should do every single day. In order to be a good stew-ard of the taxpayers’ money, we should want to do more with less. We should do it in the name of freedom, for free-dom’s sake—for the sovereignty of this Nation. 
Ill-conceived and unrealistic? When 
is operating by a balanced budget and spending and living within the means 
the taxpayers have said they are going to have for this Federal Government ever considered ill-conceived? When would it be considered unrealistic? It is what we ought to be doing. Indeed, if every department did what the legisla-tive branch did of cutting 14 percent, we would be getting close to budget. 
To say that we are suspending intel-
lect and judgment, do you know that is almost frivolous and almost silly to say. 
b1630 
We spend less and should be spending 
less and should try to continue to spend less and reform this government and hold it accountable to the taxpayer who is footing the bill because, yes, the Nation’s future depends on it; our na-tional security, yes, depends on it; and respect, it is respecting future genera-tions and the taxpayer to be a wise steward. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. I yield 
30 seconds of my remaining time to the gentleman from California (Mr. F
ARR). 
Mr. FARR. Mr. Chair, I wish the gen-
tlewoman had made that same speech when we were discussing defense, the biggest spending bill we have, but she didn’t offer this amendment at all. 
I happen to come from a State where 
the legislators didn’t have enough guts to raise taxes, so the people went out and did it because they want their gov-ernment to run wisely and smartly, and they knew they didn’t have enough money to do it. 
Look, we are cutting this budget; yet 
the Senate, which we don’t vote on their bit, is increasing their budget by 12 percent. They are going to be able to give cost-of-living adjustments to every one of their Members. Nobody sitting in this room who works for us is going to get a cost-of-living adjust-ment because of cuts like this. This is ridiculous. We are penalizing our whole House, not the Senate. This is not a smart way to make legislative busi-ness. 
Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. 
Chairman, may I inquire how much time I have remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman 
from Florida has 15 seconds remaining. 
Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. To 
close, Mr. Chairman, the bottom line is that what would be fiscally responsible and responsible in general is to not fur-ther take a meat ax to a bill that has already been flat-funded for the last 3 years. Our employees deserve a raise. We deserve to be able to be a coequal branch of government, funded well enough to be able to hold the adminis-tration accountable and make sure we can do our jobs. This bill does not allow us to achieve that. 
I urge the Members to oppose this ir-
responsible amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACK -
BURN ). The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. 
Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Tennessee will be postponed. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in part B of House Report 114– 120 on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: 
Amendment No. 1 by Mr. R
ATCLIFFE  
of Texas. 
Amendment No. 3 by Mrs. B LACKBURN  
of Tennessee. 
The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes 
the time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . RATCLIFFE  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. R
ATCLIFFE ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes pre-vailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 224, noes 199, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 245] 
AYES—224 
Abraham 
Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw 
Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler 
Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY7.022 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3358 May 19, 2015 
Luetkemeyer 
Lummis Marchant Marino Massie 
McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts 
Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo 
Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shuster Simpson 
Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) 
Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—199 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty 
Farr Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kinzinger (IL) Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui 
McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roskam Ross Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Titus Tonko 
Torres Turner Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch 
Whitfield Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Yoder Young (AK) 
NOT VOTING—9 
Brady (PA) 
Capps Chaffetz Donovan 
Fattah Garamendi Moore 
Sanchez, Loretta Tsongas 
b1700 
Ms. KUSTER, Ms. BROWNLEY of 
California, Messrs. HANNA, SCHWEIKERT, Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Messrs. YODER, HIMES, and DENT changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
Messrs. WESTMORELAND, GRAVES 
of Missouri, SHUSTER, CRAWFORD, and SMITH of Texas changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MRS . 
BLACKBURN  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACKBURN ) on which further pro-
ceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 172, noes 250, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 246] 
AYES—172 
Allen 
Amash Ashford Babin Barton Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Conaway Cook Cooper Crawford Curbelo (FL) DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) 
Duncan (TN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren 
Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Katko King (IA) Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Messer Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar 
Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) 
Neugebauer Noem Olson Palmer Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Ribble Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rokita 
Ros-Lehtinen Rothfus Rouzer Royce 
Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shuster Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stutzman Tiberi Tipton Trott 
Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman 
Woodall Yoder Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—250 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Amodei Barletta Barr Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Bonamici Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Comstock Connolly Conyers Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) 
Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch 
MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney Meehan Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY7.026 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3359 May 19, 2015 
Stewart 
Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Titus Tonko Torres Turner 
Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walden Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman 
Webster (FL) Welch Whitfield Wilson (FL) Womack Yarmuth Yoho Young (AK) 
NOT VOTING—10 
Brady (PA) 
Capps Chaffetz Donovan Fattah 
Meeks Mica Moore Sanchez, Loretta 
Tsongas 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1707 
Mr. GARAMENDI changed his vote 
from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Stated for: Mr. MICA. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 246 my 
voting card did not record and if it had re-corded, it would be a ‘‘yes.’’ I would have re-corded my vote as ‘‘yes.’’ 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. R
ODNEY  
DAVIS of Illinois). There being no fur-
ther amendments, under the rule, the Committee rises. 
Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
ULTGREN ) having assumed the chair, 
Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Acting 
Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, re-ported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2250) making appropriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 271, he reported the bill back to the House with sundry amend-ments adopted in the Committee of the Whole. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the rule, the previous question is or-dered. 
Is a separate vote demanded on any 
amendment reported from the Com-mittee of the Whole? If not, the Chair will put them en gros. 
The amendments were agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. 
Pursuant to clause 10 of rule XX, the 
yeas and nays are ordered. 
Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX and 
the order of the House of today, this 5- minute vote on passage of H.R. 2250 will be followed by 5-minute votes on the motion to recommit on H.R. 2353, and passage of H.R. 2353, if ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 357, nays 67, not voting 8, as follows: [Roll No. 247] 
YEAS—357 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera 
Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bonamici Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Cicilline Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Esty Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick 
Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett 
Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Latta Lawrence Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lucas Luetkemeyer 
Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum 
McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanford Sarbanes 
Scalise Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Speier Stefanik Stewart 
Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Wagner Walberg Walden 
Walker 
Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—67 
Amash 
Bass Blumenauer Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brooks (AL) Brown (FL) Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Conyers Cummings DeGette Deutch Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Engel Eshoo Farr Franks (AZ) 
Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hastings Honda Hoyer Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Keating Kennedy Kind Larson (CT) Lee Levin Lewis Lofgren Lowey Massie McDermott McGovern Meeks Meng 
Moulton Napolitano Neal Pascrell Payne Pelosi Pocan Price (NC) Rice (NY) Roybal-Allard Ryan (OH) Schakowsky Smith (WA) Thompson (MS) Visclosky Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Wilson (FL) Wittman Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—8 
Brady (PA) 
Capps Chaffetz Donovan 
Fattah Moore Sanchez, Loretta 
Tsongas 
b1716 
Mr. CUMMINGS changed his vote 
from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Mr. DOGGETT changed his vote from 
‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
HIGHWAY AND TRANSPORTATION 
FUNDING ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to recommit on the bill (H.R. 2353) to provide an extension of Federal-aid highway, highway safety, motor car-rier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, and for other purposes, offered by the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. E
STY), on which the yeas and nays were 
ordered. 
The Clerk will redesignate the mo-
tion. 
The Clerk redesignated the motion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion to recommit. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 182, nays 241, not voting 9, as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY7.027 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3360 May 19, 2015 
[Roll No. 248] 
YEAS—182 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard 
Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano 
Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NAYS—241 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot 
Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores 
Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding 
Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer 
Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford 
Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner 
Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—9 
Brady (PA) 
Capps Chaffetz Donovan 
Duffy Fattah Moore 
Sanchez, Loretta Tsongas 
b1723 
Mr. ADERHOLT changed his vote 
from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
So the motion to recommit was re-
jected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Ms. HAHN. Mr. Speaker, I demand a 
recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 387, noes 35, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 249] 
AYES—387 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty 
Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer 
Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) 
Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney DelBene Denham Dent 
DeSantis DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson 
Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Joyce Kaptur Katko 
Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy 
McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) 
Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:54 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY7.029 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3361 May 19, 2015 
Sires 
Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko 
Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) 
Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—35 
Amash 
Becerra Bridenstine Carney Clawson (FL) Cleaver Clyburn Courtney Crowley DeGette DeLauro DeSaulnier Duffy 
Duncan (SC) Jordan Kildee Kind Larson (CT) Maloney, Sean Moulton Mulvaney Pascrell Perlmutter Polis Renacci 
Ribble Rice (NY) Richmond Roskam Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Schrader Sensenbrenner Visclosky Welch 
ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—1 
Amodei 
NOT VOTING—9 
Brady (PA) Capps Chaffetz Donovan 
Fattah Moore Rice (SC) 
Sanchez, Loretta Tsongas 
b1731 
So the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Speaker, I was not able to 
be present for the following rollcall votes on May 19, 2015 and would like the record to re-flect that I would have voted as follows: rollcall No. 243: ‘‘no,’’ rollcall No. 244: ‘‘yes,’’ rollcall No. 245: ‘‘no,’’ rollcall No. 246: ‘‘no,’’ rollcall No. 247: ‘‘yes,’’ rollcall No. 248: ‘‘yes,’’ rollcall No. 249: ‘‘yes.’’ 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAMES OF MEM-
BERS AS COSPONSORS OF H.R. 1909 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that the following Members be removed as cosponsors of the bill, H.R. 1909: Mr. F
ARENTHOLD of 
Texas, Mr. H ENSARLING of Texas, Mr. 
HUELSKAMP of Kansas, and Mr. T HORN -
BERRY of Texas. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of 
rule XX. 
Record votes on postponed questions 
will be taken later. 
f 
AMERICAN SUPER COMPUTING 
LEADERSHIP ACT 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 874) to amend the Depart-ment of Energy High-End Computing Revitalization Act of 2004 to improve the high-end computing research and development program of the Depart-ment of Energy, and for other pur-poses. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 874 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘American 
Super Computing Leadership Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 2 of the Department of Energy 
High-End Computing Revitalization Act of 2004 (15 U.S.C. 5541) is amended by striking paragraphs (1) through (5) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(1) C
O-DESIGN .—The term ‘co-design’ 
means the joint development of application algorithms, models, and codes with computer technology architectures and operating sys-tems to maximize effective use of high-end computing systems. 
‘‘(2) D
EPARTMENT .—The term ‘Department’ 
means the Department of Energy. 
‘‘(3) E XASCALE .—The term ‘exascale’ means 
computing system performance at or near 10 to the 18th power floating point operations per second. 
‘‘(4) H
IGH-END COMPUTING SYSTEM .—The 
term ‘high-end computing system’ means a computing system with performance that substantially exceeds that of systems that are commonly available for advanced sci-entific and engineering applications. 
‘‘(5) I
NSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .— 
The term ‘institution of higher education’ has the meaning given the term in section 2 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 15801). 
‘‘(6) L
EADERSHIP SYSTEM .—The term ‘lead-
ership system’ means a high-end computing system that is among the most advanced in the world in terms of performance in solving scientific and engineering problems. 
‘‘(7) N
ATIONAL LABORATORY .—The term ‘Na-
tional Laboratory’ means any one of the sev-enteen laboratories owned by the Depart-ment. 
‘‘(8) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘Secretary’ 
means the Secretary of Energy. 
‘‘(9) S OFTWARE TECHNOLOGY .—The term 
‘software technology’ includes optimal algo-rithms, programming environments, tools, languages, and operating systems for high- end computing systems.’’. 
SEC. 3. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY HIGH-END 
COMPUTING RESEARCH AND DEVEL-OPMENT PROGRAM. 
Section 3 of the Department of Energy 
High-End Computing Revitalization Act of 2004 (15 U.S.C. 5542) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘pro-
gram’’ and inserting ‘‘coordinated program across the Department’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of para-
graph (1); 
(C) by striking the period at the end of 
paragraph (2) and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following new 
paragraph: 
‘‘(3) partner with universities, National 
Laboratories, and industry to ensure the broadest possible application of the tech-nology developed in this program to other challenges in science, engineering, medicine, and industry.’’; 
(2) in subsection (b)(2), by striking ‘‘vec-
tor’’ and all that follows through ‘‘architec-tures’’ and inserting ‘‘computer technologies that show promise of substantial reductions in power requirements and substantial gains in parallelism of multicore processors, con-currency, memory and storage, bandwidth, and reliability’’; and 
(3) by striking subsection (d) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(d) E
XASCALE COMPUTING PROGRAM .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall con-
duct a coordinated research program to de-velop exascale computing systems to ad-vance the missions of the Department. 
‘‘(2) E
XECUTION .—The Secretary shall, 
through competitive merit review, establish two or more National Laboratory-industry- university partnerships to conduct inte-grated research, development, and engineer-ing of multiple exascale architectures, and— 
‘‘(A) conduct mission-related co-design ac-
tivities in developing such exascale plat-forms; 
‘‘(B) develop those advancements in hard-
ware and software technology required to fully realize the potential of an exascale pro-duction system in addressing Department target applications and solving scientific problems involving predictive modeling and simulation and large-scale data analytics and management; and 
‘‘(C) explore the use of exascale computing 
technologies to advance a broad range of science and engineering. 
‘‘(3) A
DMINISTRATION .—In carrying out this 
program, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) provide, on a competitive, merit-re-
viewed basis, access for researchers in United States industry, institutions of higher edu-cation, National Laboratories, and other Federal agencies to these exascale systems, as appropriate; and 
‘‘(B) conduct outreach programs to in-
crease the readiness for the use of such plat-forms by domestic industries, including manufacturers. 
‘‘(4) R
EPORTS .— 
‘‘(A) I NTEGRATED STRATEGY AND PROGRAM  
MANAGEMENT PLAN .—The Secretary shall 
submit to Congress, not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of the American Super Computing Leadership Act, a report outlining an integrated strategy and pro-gram management plan, including target dates for prototypical and production exascale platforms, interim milestones to reaching these targets, functional require-ments, roles and responsibilities of National Laboratories and industry, acquisition strat-egy, and estimated resources required, to achieve this exascale system capability. The report shall include the Secretary’s plan for Departmental organization to manage and execute the Exascale Computing Program, including definition of the roles and respon-sibilities within the Department to ensure an integrated program across the Depart-ment. The report shall also include a plan for ensuring balance and prioritizing across ASCR subprograms in a flat or slow-growth budget environment. 
‘‘(B) S
TATUS REPORTS .—At the time of the 
budget submission of the Department for each fiscal year, the Secretary shall submit a report to Congress that describes the sta-tus of milestones and costs in achieving the objectives of the exascale computing pro-gram. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:41 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY7.030 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3362 May 19, 2015 
‘‘(C) E XASCALE MERIT REPORT .—At least 18 
months prior to the initiation of construc-tion or installation of any exascale-class computing facility, the Secretary shall transmit a plan to the Congress detailing— 
‘‘(i) the proposed facility’s cost projections 
and capabilities to significantly accelerate the development of new energy technologies; 
‘‘(ii) technical risks and challenges that 
must be overcome to achieve successful com-pletion and operation of the facility; and 
‘‘(iii) an independent assessment of the sci-
entific and technological advances expected from such a facility relative to those ex-pected from a comparable investment in ex-panded research and applications at terascale-class and petascale-class com-puting facilities, including an evaluation of where investments should be made in the system software and algorithms to enable these advances.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
LUCAS ). Pursuant to the rule, the gen-
tleman from Texas (Mr. S MITH) and the 
gentleman from Illinois (Mr. L IPINSKI ) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 874, the bill now under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 874, the American 
Super Computing Leadership Act, re-quires the Department of Energy to de-velop a plan to bring the United States into the next generation of supercom-puting, also known as exascale com-puting. I want to thank the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. H
ULTGREN ) for tak-
ing the initiative on this issue. 
DOE’s Advanced Scientific Com-
puting Research program is the pri-mary Federal research and develop-ment program for innovation in com-puting technology. High-performance computing has paved the way for breakthroughs in medical imaging, ge-netics research, manufacturing, engi-neering, and weapons development. 
Faster computing speeds have revolu-
tionized the energy sector, improved the efficiency of energy production, and aided in distribution technologies. Advances in computer modeling offer opportunities for scientific discovery in fields where experiments are too dif-ficult, costly, or dangerous to conduct. These advances reduce costs and open the door to more innovative discov-eries. 
The country with the strongest com-
puting capability will host the world’s next scientific breakthroughs. Unfortu-nately, China currently holds the world’s fastest computer, not the 
United States. This bill should reverse this trend and help advance American competitiveness. 
Again, I want to thank the gen-
tleman from Illinois (Mr. H
ULTGREN ), as well as the gentleman from Cali-
fornia (Mr. S WALWELL ), the gentleman 
from Illinois (Mr. L IPINSKI ), the gentle-
woman from Connecticut (Ms. E STY), 
and the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ) for their initiative on this 
issue. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
support the bill, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. 
Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to cospon-
sor H.R. 874, the American Super Com-puting Leadership Act. This is bipar-tisan legislation that I have had the pleasure of working on with my col-league, Mr. H
ULTGREN , as well as oth-
ers from both sides of the aisle in de-veloping, including, as the chairman said, Mr. S
WALWELL , Ms. B ONAMICI , and 
Ms. E STY. This bill would authorize an 
exascale computing program to ensure that the fastest computers in the world, as well as their software and al-gorithms, which will help us use these machines to the maximum efficiency, are developed here in the United States. 
The term ‘‘exascale’’ is often used to 
refer to the next generation of super-computers in general and is used inter-changeably with ‘‘extreme scale.’’ This term is often applied to computing sys-tems that are capable of carrying out a million trillion operations per second. That rate is approximately 50 times faster than the current fastest com-puter in the world. 
Through this legislation, the Sec-
retary of Energy would be empowered to significantly increase the computing power that is accessible to scientists from Federal agencies as well as indus-try and academia. These investments would have a wide range of impacts by giving the Nation’s best scientists the resources and support they need to flourish. 
Mr. Speaker, there are numerous 
fields of research in both the academic and industrial areas that would be greatly aided by this increased com-puting power. Fields such as pharma-ceutical development, aerodynamic modeling for aircraft and vehicle de-sign, advanced nuclear reactor design and fusion plasma modeling, combus-tion simulation to assist in the design of fuel-efficient clean engines, and high temperature superconductivity to sig-nificantly reduce energy losses while transmitting electricity. 
As a result of this legislation, the De-
partment of Energy would be required to submit regular reports as well as a management plan to Congress describ-ing how DOE intends to institute this program and its current projects. Lemont, Illinois’ Argonne National Laboratory is a world leader in devel-oping this new capability, so I am happy that just last month the Depart-ment of Energy announced a major award to support and significantly up-grade Argonne’s advanced computing research and facilities. This bill will ensure that these investments are part of a transparent, long-term, coordi-
nated strategy to keep the United States on top in this field. I also antici-pate that the benefits that we will see from this legislation may well surpass the impacts that we can even imagine today. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
join me in supporting H.R. 874, and I re-serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. H
ULTGREN ), who is a sponsor of this 
legislation. 
Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I also 
would like to thank my good friend and distinguished chairman of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee, Chairman S
MITH from Texas, as well as 
my good friend, Congressman L IPINSKI  
from Illinois, as well as my other good friend, the gentleman from California (Mr. S
WALWELL ) all for helping to bring 
this legislation to the floor. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 874 will help en-
sure that America stays at the fore-front of supercomputing technology by getting to the exascale level of com-puting—close to the speed of the human brain. These capabilities are vital for our national security, the economy, and, more broadly, the re-search capabilities of our Nation. 
While America and American compa-
nies are still leading the way for much of this current technology, it is impor-tant to point out that the National University of Defense Technology in China now houses the world’s fastest computer. 
One of the Department of Energy’s 
primary responsibilities within the Na-tional Nuclear Security Administra-tion is the maintenance of our current nuclear stockpile. This stockpile stew-ardship responsibility is carried out with increasingly complex simulations as our stockpile ages. The need for im-proved parallelism capabilities and de-creased energy requirements are spelled out in this legislation to ensure the Department carries out a targeted basic research program to overcome the most pressing needs. 
I would like to point out, however, 
that I believe, in agreement with the Secretary, that exascale is not the end point. It is just a step towards the greater goal of American leadership in this field. 
This legislation will ensure that the 
broader scientific community has ac-cess to these facilities on a competitive merit review basis. The scientific driv-ers and the national security respon-sibilities should be the primary focus for computing research, but we must also make sure that the crosscutting benefits of this research are not left at the wayside. 
H.R. 874 would create partnerships 
with universities, industry, and the na-tional labs to conduct this research, ensuring that the Nation, as a whole, benefits from this research more quick-ly and efficiently. With all parties at the table, businesses will be better able 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY7.032 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3363 May 19, 2015 
to utilize the new technologies and al-
gorithms that will result. 
Having the pleasure to represent the 
great State of Illinois, I have been able to witness how an ecosystem of innova-tion can best be fostered. For our Na-tion to reap the greatest yields from our research, our research facilities must be open to the public when it makes sense and does not interfere with the core missions of our Federal agencies and the labs. 
The user facilities in our national 
labs already serve over 30,000 research-ers every year, with university re-searchers taking precedence over oth-ers. And other user facilities, such as the Advanced Photon Source at Ar-gonne, Illinois, have given a tremen-dous research capability to industry partners, such as pharmaceutical com-panies, where research that once took weeks is now done in hours, with sam-ples spending more time in overnight mail. 
Mr. Speaker, the computing capabili-
ties this legislation will help bring about will similarly have tremendous application in health care and drug de-velopment. We are just now getting to the point where computer simulations are giving us higher resolution images at the molecular level than we can get with microscopes when trying to un-derstand how diseases, our bodies, and new treatments interact. And the mod-eling simulations these systems make available also allow manufacturers to build better prototypes that have al-ready been tested thousands of times virtually before they come off the line. 
But perhaps most importantly, these 
capabilities will keep America com-petitive on the global scale. And the graduate students and postdocs that learn on these machines will take what they know wherever they decide to go, whether it be business or the Depart-ment of Defense. 
b1745 
He said the best form of technology 
transfer wears shoes. That is why I thank my colleagues for helping me bring this similar legislation to the floor again this Congress, and I rec-ommend all my colleagues support this bill. 
Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, may I 
inquire, does the gentleman from Texas have any more speakers on this bill? 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
have no more speakers on this side, so I am prepared to yield back the balance of my time after the gentleman from Illinois. 
Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume to close here. 
I want to thank Mr. H
ULTGREN again. 
He represents Fermilab. I represent part of Argonne National Laboratory. It is good to work with him on this leg-islation and others to advance science in the United States. Even though there are few people who really under-stand what this means, we will all see the results of it. I thank the chairman for moving this 
bill forward. I urge my colleagues to support it, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield back the remainder of my time as well. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH) 
that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 874. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
SCIENCE PRIZE COMPETITIONS 
ACT 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1162) to make technical changes to provisions authorizing prize competitions under the Stevenson- Wydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1162 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Science 
Prize Competitions Act’’. 
SEC. 2. AMENDMENTS TO PRIZE COMPETITIONS. 
Section 24 of the Stevenson-Wydler Tech-
nology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3719) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (c)— (A) by inserting ‘‘competition’’ after ‘‘sec-
tion, a prize’’; 
(B) by inserting ‘‘types’’ after ‘‘following’’; 
and 
(C) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘prizes’’ 
and inserting ‘‘prize competitions’’; 
(2) in subsection (f)— (A) by striking ‘‘in the Federal Register’’ 
and inserting ‘‘on a publicly accessible Gov-ernment website, such as www.challenge.gov,’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘prize’’ 
and inserting ‘‘cash prize purse’’; 
(3) in subsection (g), by striking ‘‘prize’’ 
and inserting ‘‘cash prize purse’’; 
(4) in subsection (h), by inserting ‘‘prize’’ 
before ‘‘competition’’ both places it appears; 
(5) in subsection (i)— (A) in paragraph (1)(B), by inserting 
‘‘prize’’ before ‘‘competition’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2)(A), by inserting 
‘‘prize’’ before ‘‘competition’’ both places it appears; 
(C) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
graph (4); and 
(D) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing new paragraph: 
‘‘(3) W
AIVER .—An agency may waive the re-
quirement under paragraph (2). The annual report under subsection (p) shall include a list of such waivers granted during the pre-ceding fiscal year, along with a detailed ex-planation of the reasons for granting the waivers.’’; 
(6) in subsection (k)— (A) in paragraph (2)(A), by inserting 
‘‘prize’’ before ‘‘competition’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘prize’’ 
before ‘‘competitions’’ both places it ap-pears; (7) in subsection (l), by striking all after 
‘‘may enter into’’ and inserting ‘‘a grant, contract, cooperative agreement, or other agreement with a private sector for-profit or nonprofit entity to administer the prize com-petition, subject to the provisions of this section.’’; 
(8) in subsection (m)— (A) by amending paragraph (1) to read as 
follows: 
‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Support for a prize com-
petition under this section, including finan-cial support for the design and administra-tion of a prize competition or funds for a cash prize purse, may consist of Federal ap-propriated funds and funds provided by pri-vate sector for-profit and nonprofit entities. The head of an agency may accept funds from other Federal agencies, private sector for-profit entities, and nonprofit entities, to be available to the extent provided by appro-priations Acts, to support such prize com-petitions. The head of an agency may not give any special consideration to any private sector for-profit or nonprofit entity in return for a donation.’’; 
(B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘prize 
awards’’ and inserting ‘‘cash prize purses’’; 
(C) in paragraph (3)(A)— (i) by striking ‘‘No prize’’ and inserting 
‘‘No prize competition’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘the prize’’ and inserting 
‘‘the cash prize purse’’; 
(D) in paragraph (3)(B), by striking ‘‘a 
prize’’ and inserting ‘‘a cash prize purse’’; 
(E) in paragraph (3)(B)(i), by inserting 
‘‘competition’’ after ‘‘prize’’; 
(F) in paragraph (4)(A), by striking ‘‘a 
prize’’ and inserting ‘‘a cash prize purse’’; and 
(G) in paragraph (4)(B), by striking ‘‘cash 
prizes’’ and inserting ‘‘cash prize purses’’; 
(9) in subsection (n), by inserting ‘‘for both 
for-profit and nonprofit entities,’’ after ‘‘con-tract vehicle’’; 
(10) in subsection (o)(1), by striking ‘‘or 
providing a prize’’ and insert ‘‘a prize com-petition or providing a cash prize purse’’; and 
(11) in subsection (p)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘cash 
prizes’’ both places it occurs and inserting ‘‘cash prize purses’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(G) P
LAN.—A description of crosscutting 
topical areas and agency-specific mission needs that may be the strongest opportuni-ties for prize competitions during the upcom-ing 2 fiscal years.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH) and the gentleman 
from Virginia (Mr. B EYER ) each will 
control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 1162, the bill now under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
H.R. 1162, the Science Prize Competi-
tions Act, promotes increased utiliza-tion of prize competitions within the Federal Government. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.077 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3364 May 19, 2015 
I want to thank the ranking member 
of the Oversight Subcommittee, Mr. B
EYER , for introducing this legislation. 
I also thank the bipartisan cosponsors, which include the vice chair of the Oversight Subcommittee, Mr. B
ILL 
JOHNSON , as well as the full committee 
ranking member, Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  
JOHNSON . 
Prize competitions help spur innova-
tion. They give innovators incentives to produce groundbreaking, outside- the-box ideas. Used effectively, prize competitions can be a tool to generate revolutionary results that wouldn’t happen otherwise. 
For example, after the Deepwater Ho-
rizon explosion, the X Prize Founda-tion sponsored a competition to elicit new oil removal technologies that needed to be better than state of the art. With the incentive of a million- dollar prize for first place, the winning team designed technology capable of extracting 89 percent of the oil from the water. 
Thanks to the incentives provided by 
the competition, the winner, in a few months, blew the competition and the then best available oil skimmers out of the water. 
Another example of a novel idea for a 
prize involves the Head Health Chal-lenge. This is a joint effort by the Na-tional Football League, Under Armour, General Electric, and the National In-stitute of Standards and Technology to produce ‘‘viable materials that will re-sult in increased safety and protection for athletes, the warfighter, and civil-ians.’’ 
This is a competition that could 
yield a solution that would benefit a diverse section of the population, from athletes to soldiers. 
H.R. 1162 makes important changes 
to the prize competitions section of the Stevenson-Wydler Technology Innova-tion Act of 1980. It better defines the role of the private sector in various as-pects of prize competitions. H.R. 1162 will have a positive impact on science prize competitions, which have bipar-tisan support. 
A letter from the Director of the Of-
fice of Science and Technology Policy proclaims the values of such competi-tions by stating: 
This report details the remarkable benefits 
the Federal Government has reaped from more than 400 prize competitions and chal-lenges implemented by over 72 agencies to date, the steps the administration has taken to establish a lasting foundation for use of the COMPETES prize authority, and detailed examples from fiscal year 2014 of how the COMPETES prize authority is increasing the number of agencies that use prizes to achieve their missions more efficiently and effec-tively. 
Again, I want to thank Mr. B EYER of 
Virginia and Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio for 
introducing this bill. 
I urge my colleagues to support it, 
and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
I would like to thank two Texans, 
Chairman S MITH and Ranking Member JOHNSON , for their leadership on this 
important issue and remind them that Samuel Houston and Stephen Austin were both born in Virginia. I also would like to thank my esteemed col-league, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. J
OHNSON ) for cosponsoring. 
The 2010 COMPETES reauthorization 
granted all Federal agencies the au-thority to hold prize competitions as an incentive for scientific and techno-logical innovations. 
This authority supports agencies’ in-
creased use of prizes to incentivize more high-risk, high-reward research and reach out to a new audience of re-searchers and innovators across all areas of science and technology. 
Prize competitions go back at least 
300 years, to the 1714 Longitude Prize offered by the British Government to develop a practical method to precisely measure a ship’s longitude. The 1919 Orteig Prize spurred Charles Lindbergh to make the first transatlantic flight. Of course, it took 8 years from the prize to the flight itself. 
In more recent years, prize competi-
tions have accelerated technological development for space exploration, public health, automobiles, lighting, and much more. Many of these com-petitions have been privately spon-sored, but several have been sponsored by our Federal agencies, including NASA, DARPA, and the Department of Energy. 
Prize competitions have also proven 
to be an effective tool to invigorate our Nation’s brightest innovators from all corners. They allow our science agen-cies to case a wide net to draw in new talent. 
I think one of the most interesting 
facts is that NASA found that over 80 percent of NASA prize competitors have never before responded to NASA or other government requests for pro-posals. We are bringing in our best and 
brightest to solve these problems. 
If we are to continue leading the 
world in science and technology, we must draw up on all of our Nation’s tal-ent, whether they are researchers in a university lab, owners of a technology start-up, or independent innovators working in their own garages. 
Imagine if more of our Federal 
science agencies took full advantage of the potential of prizes to address some of our Nation’s most pressing techno-logical challenges. How might the world be changed in 2025 from a prize offered today? 
Private organizations have spent 
years perfecting the design of prize competitions to address big challenges. We hope that our science agencies will see this same success, and we must continue to support Federal agencies as they implement this authority. 
The legislation we are considering 
today addresses some real and some perceived hurdles in the 2010 authority that were identified once agencies began to implement prize competi-tions. 
It also aligns the terminology with 
the industry standard to eliminate any confusion in the interpretation of the 
law. These are technical amendments, which should make it easier for all agencies to make full use of the 2010 authority. In trying to rebalance our Federal budget, we have had to make very hard choices about where to cut funding, including in R&D programs. 
While prize competitions should 
never be used as an excuse to cut our investments in R&D, prizes do allow the Federal Government to continue to fund high-reward research with mini-mal risk to the taxpayer. They are an-other valuable tool for agencies to de-ploy to meet their critical mission re-sponsibilities. 
I am proud to cosponsor this bill and 
ask my colleagues for their support. I am very grateful for the chairman for his bipartisan leadership on this issue. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I want to thank the gentleman from 
Virginia for reminding me that Ste-phen Austin and Samuel Houston were born in Virginia, and I have to confess, I have a number of ancestors who came from Virginia as well, and I am told one of them may have even been the Governor of Virginia, but that is as much as I am going to say about the great Commonwealth tonight. 
I will say that I have no other re-
quests for time; and I, again, reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
Mr. Speaker, I believe I misspoke. I 
would love to acknowledge my col-league from Illinois. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the 
gentleman from Virginia ask unani-mous consent to reclaim his time? 
Mr. BEYER. Yes, Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent to reclaim my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? 
There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
just was going to say I concur and agree to yield to the gentleman from Illinois as well. 
Mr. BEYER. As I slowly develop my 
mastery of this parliamentary proce-dure, I yield such time as he may con-sume to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. L
IPINSKI ). 
Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
Mr. B EYER for yielding and for his in-
troduction, his authorship of this bill on prize competitions. 
I want to add my voice in strong sup-
port of this bill. I have long been a strong supporter of prize competitions to spur innovation not as a substitute for Federal grants in other aid, but as an additional tool. 
Back in 2007, I wrote language in the 
Energy Independence and Security Act that directed DOE to create a hydrogen energy prize, a competition now called the H-Prize that is currently ongoing and, hopefully, will yield some results 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.080 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3365 May 19, 2015 
in innovation in using hydrogen as a 
transportation fuel. 
In the 2010 COMPETES bill, I added 
language to that bill that authorized prize competitions at the National Science Foundation. I believe that these prize competitions are an excel-lent way to unlock the innovative po-tential of researchers, the private sec-tor, and even hobbyists working in a garage, all while protecting taxpayer dollars. 
This bill will clarify prize competi-
tion authority so that more agencies of the Federal Government will be able to run competitions. It is a good bill. I thank Mr. B
EYER , again, for intro-
ducing it; I thank Chairman S MITH for 
moving it and Ranking Member J OHN-
SONfor moving it. 
I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
back the balance of my time. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH) 
that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1162, as amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT 
EFFICIENCY ACT 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1119) to improve the effi-ciency of Federal research and develop-ment, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1119 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Research 
and Development Efficiency Act’’. 
SEC. 2. REGULATORY EFFICIENCY. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that— 
(1) high and increasing administrative bur-
dens and costs in Federal research adminis-tration, particularly in the higher education sector where most federally sponsored re-search is performed, are eroding funds avail-able to carry out basic scientific research; 
(2) progress has been made over the last 
decade in streamlining the pre-award grant application process through Grants.gov, the Federal Government’s website portal; 
(3) post-award administrative costs have 
grown as Federal research agencies have con-tinued to impose agency-unique compliance and reporting requirements on researchers and research institutions; 
(4) facilities and administration costs at 
research universities can exceed 50 percent of the total value of Federal research grants, and it is estimated that nearly 30 percent of the funds invested annually in federally funded research is consumed by paperwork and other administrative processes required by Federal agencies; and (5) it is a matter of critical importance to 
American competitiveness that administra-tive costs of federally funded research be streamlined so that a higher proportion of taxpayer dollars flow into direct research ac-tivities. 
(b) I
NGENERAL .—The Director of the Office 
of Science and Technology Policy shall es-tablish a working group under the authority of the National Science and Technology Council, to include the Office of Management and Budget. The working group shall be re-sponsible for reviewing Federal regulations affecting research and research universities and making recommendations on how to— 
(1) harmonize, streamline, and eliminate 
duplicative Federal regulations and report-ing requirements; 
(2) minimize the regulatory burden on 
United States institutions of higher edu-cation performing federally funded research while maintaining accountability for Fed-eral tax dollars; and 
(3) identify and update specific regulations 
to refocus on performance-based goals rather than on process while still meeting the de-sired outcome. 
(c) S
TAKEHOLDER INPUT .—In carrying out 
the responsibilities under subsection (b), the working group shall take into account input and recommendations from non-Federal stakeholders, including federally funded and nonfederally funded researchers, institutions of higher education, scientific disciplinary societies and associations, nonprofit re-search institutions, industry, including small businesses, federally funded research and development centers, and others with a stake in ensuring effectiveness, efficiency, and accountability in the performance of sci-entific research. 
(d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, and annu-ally thereafter for 3 years, the Director shall report to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate on what steps have been taken to carry out the recommendations of the working group es-tablished under subsection (b). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH) and the gentleman 
from Illinois (Mr. L IPINSKI ) each will 
control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 1119, the bill now under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield as much time as she may con-sume to the gentlewoman from Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
OMSTOCK ), the Science 
Committee’s Research and Technology Subcommittee chairwoman and the sponsor of this legislation. 
Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to speak in support of H.R. 1119, the Research and Development Effi-ciency Act, which I introduced with the chairman and ranking member of the House Science, Space, and Tech-nology Committee, as well as the rank-ing member of the Research and Tech-
nology Subcommittee earlier this year. 
H.R. 1119 requires the Director of the 
Office of Science and Technology Pol-icy to establish a working group under the National Science and Technology Council to review Federal regulations that affect research and research uni-versities. 
The working group is tasked with 
making recommendations on how to harmonize, streamline, and eliminate duplicative Federal regulations and re-porting requirements and make rec-ommendations on how to minimize the regulatory burden on research institu-tions. 
b1800 
Mr. Speaker, there is a long history 
to support the need for this legislation. In 2012, the National Academies issued a report that included a key rec-ommendation to ‘‘reduce or eliminate regulations that increase administra-tive costs, impede research produc-tivity, and deflect creative energy without substantially improving the research environment.’’ 
Last year, the National Science 
Board referenced the results of two Federal Demonstration Partnership surveys on faculty workload—one in 2005 and one in 2012—that, on average, researchers spend 42 percent of their time on meeting administrative re-quirements. This drain on researchers’ time and resources to answer Federal regulatory and reporting requirements leaves less time for researchers to spend on actual scientific work. 
To be clear, H.R. 1119 does not elimi-
nate reporting requirements, because there is a need for such information for the purposes of oversight and trans-parency. Instead, the bill would ini-tiate the process that should ulti-mately help researchers and research universities by reducing redundant reg-ulations. This is accomplished by pro-moting efficiencies and getting the most out of our research investments. 
The National Academies is currently 
conducting a study of Federal regula-tions and reporting requirements, pay-ing particular attention to those di-rected at research universities. H.R. 1119 would ensure that more of our Federal research dollars are spent on research and not on regulatory require-ments. I encourage my colleagues to support this bill. 
Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise in support of H.R. 1119, the Re-
search and Development Efficiency Act. 
I am pleased to be a cosponsor of this 
bill, and I want to thank Congress-woman C
OMSTOCK and Ranking Member 
JOHNSON for their leadership in intro-
ducing the bill. 
Mr. Speaker, we all agree that ad-
ministrative requirements serve an im-portant purpose. They ensure trans-parency, the protection of human and animal subjects, and the wise use of Federal resources. But sometimes they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.081 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3366 May 19, 2015 
go too far, so we need to find a much 
better balance than we currently have. 
The statistic often cited is that fed-
erally funded researchers spend an av-erage of 42 percent of their time on ad-ministrative tasks. That is time and money spent not doing science. It is not an efficient use of some of our Na-tion’s greatest scientific brain power, nor is it an efficient use of Federal re-search funds, especially as Federal spending for R&D continues to decline as a share of the overall budget. 
Back in the 112th Congress, the Re-
search Subcommittee, which I served on as ranking member and which was led by then-Chairman M
OBROOKS , held 
an important hearing on this matter to help get the ball rolling, which eventu-ally led to this bill. 
H.R. 1119 requires the Office of 
Science and Technology Policy to con-vene an interagency working group to review the requirements governing the conduct of federally funded R&D at our Nation’s research institutions. The working group is further charged with making recommendations on how to best streamline and harmonize such re-quirements across the government in order to minimize the administrative burden on universities while maintain-ing full accountability for Federal funds. 
This administration has long recog-
nized the problems that this bill ad-dresses. An interagency working group will not be starting from scratch. The Office of Management and Budget took some small steps in the right direction in their recent rewrite of the Federal regulations governing research grants. Agencies have also taken steps to har-monize the grant proposal process and are exploring additional ways to reduce the paperwork burden associated with grant proposals. 
I applaud these efforts. Last Con-
gress, I helped further them by writing a letter to OMB, urging them to make some of the reforms they had agreed to. However, there is still room to go. The National Academies have begun a detailed review of administrative bur-dens on federally funded research. I hope that this review will yield specific recommendations for the agencies on how to proceed. While it may be pref-erable to wait for this report to be pub-lished before the interagency com-mittee begins its own work, the Acad-emies’ review does not preclude the need for an interagency group. 
I understand that there may be bu-
reaucratic hurdles to overcome. This will take some time. However, we can-not afford to delay action any longer. The vitality of our Nation’s research universities and of our overall competi-tiveness will suffer if we do not reduce the administrative workload on our Nation’s scientific talent. H.R. 1119 is an important step in that direction. 
Once again, I want to thank Chair-
woman Comstock and Ranking Member J
OHNSON of the Research and Tech-
nology Subcommittee for introducing this legislation, and I thank Chairman S
MITH for bringing it to the floor. I 
urge my colleagues to support it. 
Again, I want to thank Chairwoman 
COMSTOCK , Chairman S MITH, and Rank-
ing Member J OHNSON for moving this 
bill. 
I used to be a university researcher. 
I know of the heavy burdens in terms of administrative tasks that need to be done. I would say some of these are ab-solutely necessary, but we now know that we can reduce the burden without reducing the protections that they pro-vide. I am very happy to support this bill, and I urge my colleagues to sup-port it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 
really quickly, I want to thank Mrs. C
OMSTOCK for introducing this bill and 
Mr. L IPINSKI for cosponsoring it. As 
well, it is a great bipartisan piece of legislation, and I urge my colleagues to support it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
H
ULTGREN ). The question is on the mo-
tion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH) that the House sus-
pend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1119, as amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
INTERNATIONAL SCIENCE AND 
TECHNOLOGY COOPERATION ACT OF 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1156) to authorize the estab-lishment of a body under the National Science and Technology Council to identify and coordinate international science and technology cooperation op-portunities, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1156 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Inter-
national Science and Technology Coopera-tion Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. COORDINATION OF INTERNATIONAL 
SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY PART-NERSHIPS. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Director of the 
Office of Science and Technology Policy shall establish or designate a working group under the National Science and Technology Council with the responsibility to identify and coordinate international science and technology cooperation that can strengthen the United States science and technology en-terprise, improve economic and national se-curity, and support United States foreign policy goals. 
(b) NSTC W
ORKING GROUP MEMBERSHIP .— 
The working group established under sub-section (a) shall be co-chaired by officials from the Office of Science and Technology Policy and the Department of State. 
(c) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The working group 
established under subsection (a) shall— (1) plan and coordinate interagency inter-
national science and technology cooperative research and training activities and partner-ships supported or managed by Federal agen-cies and work with other National Science and Technology Council committees to help plan and coordinate the international com-ponent of national science and technology priorities; 
(2) establish Federal priorities and policies 
for aligning, as appropriate, international science and technology cooperative research and training activities and partnerships sup-ported or managed by Federal agencies with the foreign policy goals of the United States; 
(3) identify opportunities for new inter-
national science and technology cooperative research and training partnerships that ad-vance both the science and technology and the foreign policy priorities of the United States; 
(4) in carrying out paragraph (3), solicit 
input and recommendations from non-Fed-eral science and technology stakeholders, in-cluding universities, scientific and profes-sional societies, industry, and relevant orga-nizations and institutions; and 
(5) identify broad issues that influence the 
ability of United States scientists and engi-neers to collaborate with foreign counter-parts, including barriers to collaboration and access to scientific information. 
(d) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—The Director of 
the Office of Science and Technology Policy shall transmit a report, to be updated every 2 years, to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology and the Committee on For-eign Affairs of the House of Representatives, and to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. The report shall also be made available to the public on the reporting agency’s website. The report shall contain a description of— 
(1) the priorities and policies established 
under subsection (c)(2); 
(2) the ongoing and new partnerships estab-
lished since the last update to the report; 
(3) the means by which stakeholder input 
was received, as well as summary views of stakeholder input; and 
(4) the issues influencing the ability of 
United States scientists and engineers to collaborate with foreign counterparts. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH) and the gentleman 
from Illinois (Mr. L IPINSKI ) each will 
control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 1156, the bill now under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
H.R. 1156, the International Science 
and Technology Cooperation Act of 2015, directs the Office of Science and Technology Policy to establish a work-ing group to identify and coordinate international science and technology efforts to strengthen the U.S. research enterprise. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.084 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3367 May 19, 2015 
I thank the ranking member of the 
Research and Technology Sub-committee, Mr. L
IPINSKI , for intro-
ducing this bill. I also thank the sub-committee’s vice chair, Mr. M
OOLENAAR , the ranking member of 
the full committee, Ms. J OHNSON , as 
well as our colleagues Mr. H ULTGREN , 
Ms. E STY, and Mr. S WALWELL for being 
bipartisan cosponsors. 
The Office of Science and Technology 
Policy, in coordination with the State Department, represents the United States in bilateral and multilateral meetings with foreign nations. It works closely with government science agencies, nongovernmental organiza-tions, and independent research and scientific institutions to promote science and technology initiatives and to strengthen global science coopera-tion. 
H.R. 1156 improves our Nation’s col-
laborative efforts with international partners on scientific issues. While many Federal agencies are engaged with international partners on science and technology projects, there is a need to coordinate these projects across the Federal Government. Better collaboration with our partners will strengthen U.S. scientific activities and further promote the free exchange of ideas with other nations. Inter-agency coordination ensures that tax-payer dollars are used efficiently and that U.S. priorities are consistently ad-dressed when working with our inter-national partners on science and tech-nology issues. 
Science and technology research ad-
dresses some of the major challenges that face our Nation, including public health, energy production, national se-curity, and economic development. Co-ordinated international collaboration on scientific issues, which H.R. 1156 promotes, also will improve economic and national security and support U.S. foreign policy goals. 
Again, I want to thank Mr. L
IPINSKI  
for his continued hard work on this issue. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise in support of H.R. 1156, the 
International Science and Technology Cooperation Act, which I reintroduced earlier this year. 
A similar bill, which I authored in 
the last Congress, passed the House with overwhelming bipartisan support by a vote of 346–41. I am hopeful that we can do the same this week and then work to get this bill through the Sen-ate and onto the President’s desk. 
I want to thank Mr. M
OOLENAAR for 
cosponsoring this bill with me, and I thank Chairman S
MITH and Ranking 
Member J OHNSON for helping advance it 
through the Science, Space, and Tech-nology Committee and for getting it to the House floor. 
Mr. Speaker, the laws of science 
know no political boundaries. While the United States arguably has the most brilliant scientists in the world 
and has developed some of the greatest technology, no country has a monopoly on great minds in science and tech-nology. So, if we want to advance science in ways that benefit Americans and the rest of the world, we need to encourage international collaboration. 
Improvements in areas such as en-
ergy security, infectious diseases, space exploration, telecommunications and the Internet, and many more are due, in part, to international coopera-tion, to the benefit of all nations in-volved. By collaborating with inter-national partnerships on science, we also strengthen the U.S. scientific en-terprise, which helps us get the best re-turn on our research investment. 
In addition, international collabora-
tions make possible research endeavors on a grander scale than the U.S. can accomplish on its own. For example, CERN, the U.S. Department of Energy, and the National Science Foundation signed a cooperative agreement 2 weeks ago expanding their collabora-tion on particle physics. Not only will this provide for our scientists to con-tinue work at the highest energy accel-erator in the world at CERN, it will also allow CERN to provide equipment to an upcoming neutrino experiment at Fermilab in Batavia, Illinois. 
CERN was the site of one of the most 
significant technological advances that impacts us every day. At CERN in 1989, Tim Berners-Lee was working on the problem of allowing international re-searchers to see data instantaneously around the globe. The solution that was developed was the World Wide Web, which has completely trans-formed the way we communicate and get information today. 
H.R. 1156 makes more collaborations 
like this possible. It requires the Na-tional Science and Technology Council at the White House to continue to maintain a working group to coordi-nate the U.S. interagency strategy for international science and technology cooperation. Many Federal agencies al-ready work with international counter-parts on scientific and technological issues, but, until recently, there was no coordinating body to identify new part-nerships and to fully leverage existing collaborations. 
Mr. Speaker, it is important that we 
find ways to collaborate with other countries on scientific discoveries that push the boundaries of knowledge and improve our lives. This bill will do that. I urge my colleagues to support the bill. 
Again, I want to thank the chairman 
for his support on this. As I said, we have passed this bill before with wide bipartisan support. I am very hopeful we can do that again today. 
International cooperation is very 
critical to doing more than we alone can do. We have, arguably, the best re-searchers in the world, producing the most advanced technology, but in working together with others, we can do even more than we have. The impact that it can have on the everyday lives 
of Americans is tremendous, so I urge my colleagues to support this bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. 
b1815 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH) 
that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1156, as amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
The title of the bill was amended so 
as to read: ‘‘A bill to authorize the es-tablishment or designation of a work-ing group under the National Science and Technology Council to identify and coordinate international science and technology cooperation opportuni-ties.’’. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
WEATHER RESEARCH AND FORE-
CASTING INNOVATION ACT OF 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1561) to improve the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion’s weather research through a fo-cused program of investment on afford-able and attainable advances in obser-vational, computing, and modeling ca-pabilities to support substantial im-provement in weather forecasting and prediction of high impact weather events, to expand commercial opportu-nities for the provision of weather data, and for other purposes, as amend-ed. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1561 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Weather Re-
search and Forecasting Innovation Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. PUBLIC SAFETY PRIORITY. 
In accordance with NOAA’s critical mis-
sion to provide science, service, and steward-ship, the Under Secretary shall prioritize weather research, across all weather pro-grams, to improve weather data, forecasts, and warnings for the protection of life and property and the enhancement of the na-tional economy. 
SEC. 3. WEATHER RESEARCH AND FORECASTING 
INNOVATION. 
(a) P ROGRAM .—The Assistant Adminis-
trator for OAR shall conduct a program to develop improved understanding of and fore-cast capabilities for atmospheric events and their impacts, placing priority on developing more accurate, timely, and effective warn-ings and fore-casts of high impact weather events that endanger life and property. 
(b) P
ROGRAM ELEMENTS .—The program de-
scribed in subsection (a) shall focus on the following activities: 
(1) Improving the fundamental under-
standing of weather consistent with section 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.086 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3368 May 19, 2015 
2, including the boundary layer and other at-
mospheric processes affecting high impact weather events. 
(2) Improving the understanding of how the 
public receives, interprets, and responds to warnings and forecasts of high impact weather events that endanger life and prop-erty. 
(3) Research and development, and transfer 
of knowledge, technologies, and applications to the NWS and other appropriate agencies and entities, including the American weath-er industry and academic partners, related to— 
(A) advanced radar, radar networking tech-
nologies, and other ground-based tech-nologies, including those emphasizing rapid, fine-scale sensing of the boundary layer and lower troposphere, and the use of innovative, dual-polarization, phased array technologies; 
(B) aerial weather observing systems; (C) high performance computing and infor-
mation technology and wireless communica-tion networks; 
(D) advanced numerical weather prediction 
systems and forecasting tools and techniques that improve the forecasting of timing, track, intensity, and severity of high impact weather, including through— 
(i) the development of more effective 
mesoscale models; 
(ii) more effective use of existing, and the 
development of new, regional and national cloud-resolving models; 
(iii) enhanced global weather models; and (iv) integrated assessment models; (E) quantitative assessment tools for meas-
uring the impact and value of data and ob-serving systems, including OSSEs (as de-scribed in section 8), OSEs, and AOAs; 
(F) atmospheric chemistry and inter-
actions essential to accurately character-izing atmospheric composition and pre-dicting meteorological processes, including cloud microphysical, precipitation, and at-mospheric electrification processes, to more effectively understand their role in severe weather; and 
(G) additional sources of weather data and 
information, including commercial observing systems. 
(4) A technology transfer initiative, carried 
out jointly and in coordination with the As-sistant Administrator for NWS, and in co-operation with the American weather indus-try and academic partners, to ensure contin-uous development and transition of the lat-est scientific and technological advances into NWS operations and to establish a proc-ess to sunset outdated and expensive oper-ational methods and tools to enable cost-ef-fective transfer of new methods and tools into operations. 
(c) E
XTRAMURAL RESEARCH .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—In carrying out the pro-
gram under this section, the Assistant Ad-ministrator for OAR shall collaborate with and support the non-Federal weather re-search community, which includes institu-tions of higher education, private entities, and nongovernmental organizations, by making funds available through competitive grants, contracts, and cooperative agree-ments. 
(2) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of 
Congress that not less than 30 percent of the funds for weather research and development at OAR should be made available for the pur-pose described in paragraph (1). 
(d) R
EPORT .—The Under Secretary shall 
transmit to Congress annually, concurrently with NOAA’s budget request, a description of current and planned activities under this section. 
SEC. 4. TORNADO WARNING IMPROVEMENT AND 
EXTENSION PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Under Secretary, in 
collaboration with the American weather in-dustry and academic partners, shall estab-
lish a tornado warning improvement and ex-tension program. 
(b) G
OAL.—The goal of such program shall 
be to reduce the loss of life and economic losses from tornadoes through the develop-ment and extension of accurate, effective, and timely tornado forecasts, predictions, and warnings, including the prediction of tornadoes beyond one hour in advance. 
(c) P
ROGRAM PLAN.—Not later than 6 
months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Assistant Administrator for OAR, in coordination with the Assistant Adminis-trator for NWS, shall develop a program plan that details the specific research, develop-ment, and technology transfer activities, as well as corresponding resources and timelines, necessary to achieve the program goal. 
(d) B
UDGET FOR PLAN.—Following comple-
tion of the plan, the Under Secretary, acting through the Assistant Administrator for OAR, in coordination with the Assistant Ad-ministrator for NWS, shall transmit annu-ally to Congress a proposed budget cor-responding to the activities identified in the plan. 
SEC. 5. HURRICANE FORECAST IMPROVEMENT 
PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Under Secretary, in 
collaboration with the American weather in-dustry and academic partners, shall main-tain the Hurricane Forecast Improvement Program (HFIP). 
(b) G
OAL.—The goal of such program shall 
be to develop and extend accurate hurricane forecasts and warnings in order to reduce loss of life, injury, and damage to the econ-omy. 
(c) P
ROGRAM PLAN.—Not later than 6 
months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Assistant Administrator for OAR, in consultation with the Assistant Adminis-trator for NWS, shall develop a program plan that details the specific research, develop-ment, and technology transfer activities, as well as corresponding resources and timelines, necessary to achieve the program goal. 
(d) B
UDGET FOR PLAN.—Following comple-
tion of the plan, the Under Secretary, acting through the Assistant Administrator for OAR, in consultation with the Assistant Ad-ministrator for NWS, shall transmit annu-ally to Congress a proposed budget cor-responding to the activities identified in the plan. 
SEC. 6. WEATHER RESEARCH AND DEVELOP-
MENT PLANNING. 
Not later than 6 months after the date of 
enactment of this Act, and annually there-after, the Under Secretary, acting through the Assistant Administrator for OAR, in co-ordination with the Assistant Administra-tors for NWS and NESDIS, shall issue a re-search and development and research to op-erations plan to restore and maintain United States leadership in numerical weather pre-diction and forecasting that— 
(1) describes the forecasting skill and tech-
nology goals, objectives, and progress of NOAA in carrying out the program con-ducted under section 3; 
(2) identifies and prioritizes specific re-
search and development activities, and per-formance metrics, weighted to meet the operational weather mission of NWS to achieve a weather-ready Nation; 
(3) describes how the program will collabo-
rate with stakeholders, including the Amer-ican weather industry and academic part-ners; and 
(4) identifies, through consultation with 
the National Science Foundation, American weather industry, and academic partners, re-search necessary to enhance the integration of social science knowledge into weather 
forecast and warning processes, including to improve the communication of threat infor-mation necessary to enable improved severe weather planning and decisionmaking on the part of individuals and communities. 
SEC. 7. OBSERVING SYSTEM PLANNING. 
The Under Secretary shall— (1) develop and maintain a prioritized list 
of observation data requirements necessary to ensure weather forecasting capabilities to protect life and property to the maximum extent practicable; 
(2) undertake, using OSSEs, OSEs, AOAs, 
and other appropriate assessment tools, on-going systematic evaluations of the com-bination of observing systems, data, and in-formation needed to meet the requirements listed under paragraph (1), assessing various options to maximize observational capabili-ties and their cost-effectiveness; 
(3) identify current and potential future 
data gaps in observing capabilities related to 
the requirements listed under paragraph (1); and 
(4) determine a range of options to address 
gaps identified under paragraph (3). 
SEC. 8. OBSERVING SYSTEM SIMULATION EX-
PERIMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In support of the require-
ments of section 7, the Assistant Adminis-trator for OAR shall undertake OSSEs to quantitatively assess the relative value and benefits of observing capabilities and sys-tems. Technical and scientific OSSE evalua-tions— 
(1) may include assessments of the impact 
of observing capabilities on— 
(A) global weather prediction; (B) hurricane track and intensity fore-
casting; 
(C) tornado warning lead times and accu-
racy; 
(D) prediction of mid-latitude severe local 
storm outbreaks; and 
(E) prediction of storms that have the po-
tential to cause extreme precipitation and flooding lasting from 6 hours to 1 week; and 
(2) shall be conducted in cooperation with 
other appropriate entities within NOAA, other Federal agencies, the American weath-er industry, and academic partners to ensure the technical and scientific merit of OSSE results. 
(b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—OSSEs shall quan-
titatively— 
(1) determine the potential impact of pro-
posed space-based, suborbital, and in situ ob-serving systems on analyses and forecasts, including potential impacts on extreme weather events across all parts of the Na-tion; 
(2) evaluate and compare observing system 
design options; and 
(3) assess the relative capabilities and 
costs of various observing systems and com-binations of observing systems in providing data necessary to protect life and property. 
(c) I
MPLEMENTATION .—OSSEs— 
(1) shall be conducted prior to the acquisi-
tion of major Government-owned or Govern-ment-leased operational observing systems, including polar-orbiting and geostationary satellite systems, with a lifecycle cost of more than $500,000,000; and 
(2) shall be conducted prior to the purchase 
of any major new commercially provided data with a lifecycle cost of more than $500,000,000. 
(d) P
RIORITY OSSE S.— 
(1) G LOBAL NAVIGATION SATELLITE SYSTEM  
RADIO OCCULTATION .—Not later than Decem-
ber 31, 2015, the Assistant Administrator for OAR shall complete an OSSE to assess the value of data from Global Navigation Sat-ellite System Radio Occultation. 
(2) G
EOSTATIONARY HYPERSPECTRAL SOUND -
ER GLOBAL CONSTELLATION .—Not later than 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY7.036 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3369 May 19, 2015 
December 31, 2016, the Assistant Adminis-
trator for OAR shall complete an OSSE to assess the value of data from a geostationary hyperspectral sounder global constellation. 
(e) R
ESULTS .—Upon completion of all 
OSSEs, results shall be publicly released and accompanied by an assessment of related pri-vate and public sector weather data sourcing options, including their availability, afford-ability, and cost effectiveness. Such assess-ments shall be developed in accordance with section 50503 of title 51, United States Code. 
SEC. 9. COMPUTING RESOURCES 
PRIORITIZATION REPORT. 
Not later than 12 months after the date of 
enactment of this Act, and annually there-after, the Under Secretary, acting through the NOAA Chief Information Officer, in co-ordination with the Assistant Administrator for OAR and the Assistant Administrator for NWS, shall produce and make publicly avail-able a report that explains how NOAA in-tends to— 
(1) continually support upgrades to pursue 
the fastest, most powerful, and cost effective high performance computing technologies in support of its weather prediction mission; 
(2) ensure a balance between the research 
to operations requirements to develop the next generation of regional and global mod-els as well as highly reliable operational models; 
(3) take advantage of advanced develop-
ment concepts to, as appropriate, make next generation weather prediction models avail-able in beta-test mode to operational fore-casters, the American weather industry, and partners in academic and government re-search; and 
(4) use existing computing resources to im-
prove advanced research and operational weather prediction. 
SEC. 10. COMMERCIAL WEATHER DATA. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—Section 60161 of title 51, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘This prohibition shall not extend to— 
‘‘(1) the purchase of weather data through 
contracts with commercial providers; or 
‘‘(2) the placement of weather satellite in-
struments on cohosted government or pri-vate payloads.’’. 
(b) S
TRATEGY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 6 months 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Commerce, in consultation with the Under Secretary, shall transmit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a strategy to enable the procurement of quality commer-cial weather data. The strategy shall assess the range of commercial opportunities, in-cluding public-private partnerships, for ob-taining surface-based, aviation-based, and space-based weather observations. The strat-egy shall include the expected cost effective-ness of these opportunities as well as provide a plan for procuring data, including an ex-pected implementation timeline, from these nongovernmental sources, as appropriate. 
(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The strategy shall in-
clude— 
(A) an analysis of financial or other bene-
fits to, and risks associated with, acquiring commercial weather data or services, includ-ing through multiyear acquisition ap-proaches; 
(B) an identification of methods to address 
planning, programming, budgeting, and exe-cution challenges to such approaches, includ-ing— 
(i) how standards will be set to ensure that 
data is reliable and effective; 
(ii) how data may be acquired through 
commercial experimental or innovative tech-niques and then evaluated for integration 
into operational use; 
(iii) how to guarantee public access to all 
forecast-critical data to ensure that the American weather industry and the public continue to have access to information crit-ical to their work; and 
(iv) in accordance with section 50503 of 
title 51, United States Code, methods to ad-dress potential termination liability or can-cellation costs associated with weather data or service contracts; and 
(C) an identification of any changes needed 
in the requirements development and ap-proval processes of the Department of Com-merce to facilitate effective and efficient im-plementation of such strategy. 
(3) A
UTHORITY FOR AGREEMENTS .—The As-
sistant Administrator for NESDIS may enter into multiyear agreements necessary to carry out the strategy developed under this subsection. 
(c) P
ILOT PROGRAM .— 
(1) C RITERIA .—Not later than December 31, 
2015, NOAA shall publish data standards and specifications for space-based commercial weather data. 
(2) P
ILOT CONTRACT .— 
(A) C ONTRACT .—Not later than October 1, 
2016, NOAA shall, through an open competi-tion, enter into at least one pilot contract with a private sector entity capable of pro-viding data that meet the standards and specifications set by NOAA to provide com-mercial weather data in a manner that al-lows NOAA to calibrate and evaluate the data. 
(B) A
SSESSMENT OF DATA VIABILITY .—Not 
later than October 1, 2019, NOAA shall trans-mit to Congress the results of a determina-tion of the extent to which data provided under the contract entered into under sub-paragraph (A) meet the criteria published under paragraph (1). 
(3) O
BTAINING FUTURE DATA .—NOAA shall, 
to the extent feasible, obtain commercial weather data from private sector providers. 
(4) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
There are authorized to be appropriated out of funds made available for procurement, ac-quisition, and construction at NESDIS, $9,000,000 for carrying out this subsection. 
SEC. 11. ENVIRONMENTAL INFORMATION SERV-
ICES WORKING GROUP. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The NOAA Science 
Advisory Board shall continue to maintain a standing working group named the Environ-mental Information Services Working Group (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Working Group’’) to— 
(1) provide advice for prioritizing weather 
research initiatives at NOAA to produce real improvement in weather forecasting; 
(2) provide advice on existing or emerging 
technologies or techniques that can be found in private industry or the research commu-nity that could be incorporated into fore-casting at NWS to improve forecasting skill; 
(3) identify opportunities to improve com-
munications between weather forecasters, Federal, State, local, tribal, and other emer-gency management personnel, and the pub-lic; and to improve communications and partnerships among NOAA and the private and academic sectors; and 
(4) address such other matters as the 
Science Advisory Board requests of the Working Group. 
(b) C
OMPOSITION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Working Group shall 
be composed of leading experts and innovators from all relevant fields of science and engineering including atmospheric chemistry, atmospheric physics, meteor-ology, hydrology, social science, risk com-munications, electrical engineering, and computer sciences. In carrying out this sec-tion, the Working Group may organize into 
subpanels. 
(2) N
UMBER .—The Working Group shall be 
composed of no fewer than 15 members. Nominees for the Working Group may be for-warded by the Working Group for approval by the Science Advisory Board. Members of the Working Group may choose a chair (or co-chairs) from among their number with ap-proval by the Science Advisory Board. 
(c) A
NNUAL REPORT .—The Working Group 
shall transmit annually to the Science Advi-sory Board for submission to the Under Sec-retary a report on progress made by NOAA in adopting the Working Group’s recommenda-tions. The Science Advisory Board shall transmit this report to the Under Secretary. Within 30 days of receipt of such report, the Under Secretary shall transmit it to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. 
SEC. 12. INTERAGENCY WEATHER RESEARCH 
AND INNOVATION COORDINATION. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Director of the 
Office of Science and Technology Policy shall establish an Inter-agency Committee for Advancing Weather Services to improve coordination of relevant weather research and forecast innovation activities across the Federal Government. The Interagency Com-mittee shall— 
(1) include participation by the National 
Aeronautics and Space Administration, the Federal Aviation Administration, NOAA and its constituent elements, the National Science Foundation, and such other agencies involved in weather forecasting research as the President determines are appropriate; 
(2) identify and prioritize top forecast 
needs and coordinate those needs against budget requests and program initiatives across participating offices and agencies; and 
(3) share information regarding oper-
ational needs and forecasting improvements across relevant agencies. 
(b) C
O-CHAIR .—The Federal Coordinator for 
Meteorology shall serve as a co-chair of this panel. 
(c) F
URTHER COORDINATION .—The Director 
shall take such other steps as are necessary to coordinate the activities of the Federal Government with those of the American weather industry, State governments, emer-gency managers, and academic researchers. 
SEC. 13. OAR AND NWS EXCHANGE PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Assistant Adminis-
trator for OAR and the Assistant Adminis-trator for NWS may establish a program to detail OAR personnel to the NWS and NWS personnel to OAR. 
(b) G
OAL.—The goal of this program is to 
enhance forecasting innovation through reg-ular, direct interaction between OAR’s world-class scientists and NWS’s operational staff. 
(c) E
LEMENTS .—The program shall allow up 
to 10 OAR staff and NWS staff to spend up to 1 year on detail. Candidates shall be jointly selected by the Assistant Administrator for OAR and the Assistant Administrator for NWS. 
(d) R
EPORT .—The Under Secretary shall re-
port annually to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Rep-resentatives and to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate on participation in such program and shall highlight any innovations that come from this interaction. 
SEC. 14. VISITING FELLOWS AT NWS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Assistant Adminis-
trator for NWS may establish a program to host postdoctoral fellows and academic re-searchers at any of the National Centers for Environmental Prediction. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY7.036 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3370 May 19, 2015 
(b) G OAL.—This program shall be designed 
to provide direct interaction between fore-casters and talented academic and private sector researchers in an effort to bring inno-vation to forecasting tools and techniques available to the NWS. 
(c) S
ELECTION AND APPOINTMENT .—Such fel-
lows shall be competitively selected and ap-pointed for a term not to exceed 1 year. 
SEC. 15. NOAA WEATHER READY ALL HAZARDS 
AWARD PROGRAM. 
(a) P ROGRAM .—The Assistant Adminis-
trator for NWS is authorized to establish the NOAA Weather Ready All Hazards Award Program. This award program shall provide annual awards to honor individuals or orga-nizations that use or provide NOAA Weather Radio All Hazards receivers or transmitters to save lives and protect property. Individ-uals or organizations that utilize other early warning tools or applications also qualify for this award. 
(b) G
OAL.—This award program draws at-
tention to the life-saving work of the NOAA Weather Ready All Hazards Program, as well as emerging tools and applications, that pro-vide real-time warning to individuals and communities of severe weather or other haz-ardous conditions. 
(c) P
ROGRAM ELEMENTS .— 
(1) N OMINATIONS .—Nominations for this 
award shall be made annually by the Weath-er Field Offices to the Assistant Adminis-trator for NWS. Broadcast meteorologists, weather radio manufacturers and weather warning tool and application developers, emergency managers and public safety offi-cials may nominate individuals and/or orga-nizations to their local Weather Field Of-fices, but the final list of award nominees must come from the Weather Field Offices. 
(2) S
ELECTION OF AWARDEES .—Annually, the 
Assistant Administrator for NWS shall choose winners of this award whose timely actions, based on NOAA weather radio all hazards receivers or transmitters or other early warning tools and applications, saved lives and/or property or demonstrated public service in support of weather or all hazard warnings. 
(3) A
WARD CEREMONY .—The Assistant Ad-
ministrator for NWS shall establish a means of making these awards to provide maximum public awareness of the importance of NOAA Weather Radio, and such other warning tools and applications as are represented in the awards. 
SEC. 16. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) AOA.—The term ‘‘AOA’’ means an Anal-
ysis of Alternatives. 
(2) NESDIS.—The term ‘‘NESDIS’’ means 
the National Environmental Satellite, Data, and Information Service. 
(3) NOAA.—The term ‘‘NOAA’’ means the 
National Oceanic and Atmospheric Adminis-tration. 
(4) NWS.—The term ‘‘NWS’’ means the Na-
tional Weather Service. 
(5) OAR.—The term ‘‘OAR’’ means the Of-
fice of Oceanic and Atmospheric Research. 
(6) OSE.—The term ‘‘OSE’’ means an Ob-
serving System Experiment. 
(7) OSSE.—The term ‘‘OSSE’’ means an Ob-
serving System Simulation Experiment. 
(8) U
NDER SECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Under 
Secretary’’ means the Under Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere. 
SEC. 17. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) F ISCAL YEAR 2015.—There are author-
ized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2015— 
(1) $90,800,000 to OAR to carry out this Act, 
of which— 
(A) $70,000,000 is authorized for weather 
laboratories and cooperative institutes; and 
(B) $20,800,000 is authorized for weather and 
air chemistry research programs; and (2) out of funds made available for research 
and development at NOAA, an additional amount of $16,000,000 for OAR to carry out the joint technology transfer initiative de-scribed in section 3(b)(4). 
(b) F
ISCAL YEARS 2016 AND 2017.—For each 
of fiscal years 2016 and 2017, there are author-ized to be appropriated to OAR— 
(1) $100,000,000 to carry out this Act, of 
which— 
(A) $80,000,000 is authorized for weather 
laboratories and cooperative institutes; and 
(B) $20,000,000 is authorized for weather and 
air chemistry research programs; and 
(2) an additional amount of $20,000,000 for 
the joint technology transfer initiative de-scribed in section 3(b)(4). 
(c) L
IMITATION .—No additional funds are 
authorized to carry out this Act, and the amendments made by this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH) and the gentle-
woman from Oregon (Ms. B ONAMICI ) 
each will control 20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SMITH of Texas. I ask unani-
mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and to include ex-traneous material on H.R. 1561, the bill now under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of Texas. I yield such 
time as he may consume to the gen-tleman from Oklahoma (Mr. L
UCAS ), 
who is the vice chairman of the Science, Space, and Technology Com-mittee, and the sponsor of this legisla-tion. 
Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Speaker, I want to 
thank the gentleman from Texas, Chairman S
MITH, for his continued 
leadership on the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
H.R. 1561, the Weather Research and 
Forecasting Innovation Act of 2015, prioritizes the protection of life and property at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration by focus-ing research and computing resources on improving weather forecasting, quantitative observing data planning, Next Generation modeling, and an em-phasis on research to operations tech-nology transfer. 
I echo Chairman S
MITH’s concerns 
that severe weather greatly affects large parts of the country, and as a Representative from Oklahoma, I un-derstand the need for improvement firsthand. In 2013, the deadly storms in my home State were a stark reminder that we can do better to predict severe weather events and provide longer lead times to protect Americans in harm’s way. 
I am proud that this legislation has a 
dedicated tornado warning improve-ment Program. The goal of this pro-gram is to reduce the loss from torna-does by advancing the understanding of fundamental meteorological science, allowing detection and notifications that are more accurate, effective, and timely. Constituents in my home State will 
benefit greatly from longer tornado warning lead times, which will save lives and better protect property. H.R. 1561 makes clear that NOAA will prioritize weather research and protect lives and property through a focused, affordable, attainable, and forward- looking research plan at the agency’s research office. 
This bill also helps encourage innova-
tion and new capacities developed through NOAA’s Weather Research Program, like creating a joint tech-nology transfer from the Office of Oce-anic and Atmospheric Research. This transfer is essential to get new fore-casting models and technologies out of the research side of NOAA and into our operational forecast. 
This bill directs NOAA to develop 
plans to restore our country’s leader-ship in weather forecasting. It is no se-cret that many people in our weather community are distraught that our forecasting capacities have deterio-rated in recent years. While other countries are making great strides in weather advancements, Americans are paying the price for lost leadership with their lives and their wallets. This is another reminder that we can do bet-ter. 
This bill prompts NOAA to actively 
consider new commercial data and pri-vate sector solutions to further en-hance our weather forecasting capac-ities. This legislation includes a pilot program which will provide NOAA a clear and credible demonstration of the valuable data from commercial tech-nologies available today. 
This legislation is substantially simi-
lar to last year’s bipartisan Weather Forecasting Improvement Act, which passed the House by a voice vote. The bill before us today updates authoriza-tion numbers to reflect current spend-ing levels, adjusts dates to reflect cur-rent operating status, and incorporates minor additions and technical changes to improve the bill’s clarity and intent. 
This legislation is the result of a bi-
partisan agreement last year and again this year. I want to thank the gen-tleman from Oklahoma (Mr. B
RIDENSTINE ), the Subcommittee on 
Environment chairman, for his active leadership on this issue in the last Con-gress and for getting us here today. 
I also want to thank the ranking 
member of the Subcommittee on Envi-ronment, the gentlewoman from Or-egon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ), for her efforts in 
crafting a bipartisan agreement and joining in this most worthwhile initia-tive to save American lives and prop-erty through better weather fore-casting. 
Finally, the Weather Research and 
Forecasting Innovation Act has re-ceived numerous letters of support which I would like to mention, includ-ing letters from Utah State University, Space Environment Technologies, Metro Weather, Utah Science Tech-nology and Research Initiative. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY7.036 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3371 May 19, 2015 
Once again, it is a good bill. It has 
been worked on diligently. We need to pass it. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise in support of H.R. 1561, the 
Weather Research and Forecasting In-novation Act of 2015. This bill, intro-duced by my friend, Mr. L
UCAS , builds 
on the work that subcommittee chair-man Mr. B
RIDENSTINE and former sub-
committee chairman Mr. S TEWART and 
I did in the last Congress. 
The language before us today is the 
result of a truly bipartisan effort with extensive discussions and negotiations across the aisle. Although the bill is not perfect, it is a good bill and a bet-ter bill than the one that passed in the last Congress, and I ask all my col-leagues to support it. 
The National Oceanic and Atmos-
pheric Administration has many im-portant tasks at the cutting edge of science and service. The agency’s re-sponsibilities for weather forecasting are critical to our country. 
We are proud of the good work of 
NOAA and its dedicated employees. They are a committed workforce, re-sponsible for keeping our communities safe during inclement weather. 
But with the increasing frequency of 
severe weather events, there can and should be improvements in weather forecasting. For example, forecasts can be more precise regarding what will happen and when. Forecasts can pro-vide more lead time, especially of se-vere weather events, to allow people to prepare. Forecast information can be communicated more effectively to the public and those in harm’s way so we can reduce the loss of life and property. 
This bill is designed to make sure 
that NOAA achieves these important goals. H.R. 1561 draws upon the model of innovation used by the military services where researchers work hand in hand with those on the front lines to develop innovations that have real- world practical returns. 
The bill connects the research side of 
NOAA, the Office of Oceanic and At-mospheric Research, more effectively with the forecasting needs of the Na-tional Weather Service. The bill con-tains several provisions that will im-prove interactions and information sharing between OAR and NWS. It also establishes new ways for NOAA to hear from and work with the broader re-search and private weather commu-nities. 
NOAA is not the only agency that re-
searches weather or has responsibility for communicating forecast informa-tion, so the bill establishes interagency coordination, through the Office of Science and Technology Policy, across the agencies that have these respon-sibilities. This coordination will lever-age our limited resources and more rapidly spread the adoption of best tools and practices across agencies. 
H.R. 1561 recognizes that the best 
forecasts in the world will not fully serve the public’s needs unless we have an effective communications system. 
The bill directs NOAA to do more re-search, listen to experts, and improve its risk communication techniques. The bill also reestablishes a program that allows NOAA to make awards to people who save the lives of others through reliance on NOAA’s Weather Radio All Hazards program. 
This bill also establishes a pilot pro-
gram at NOAA to look to the commer-cial sector for weather forecasting data. This is an overdue effort to en-sure that Federal dollars are spent ef-fectively and leveraged appropriately. 
Additionally, the bill requires NOAA 
to run simulations of the effect of dif-ferent configurations of instruments and datasets on forecasting accuracy so the agency can look at the benefits and costs of different arrays of sensors. It is important to make sure that these requirements are not too prescriptive so that NOAA is able to use the most efficient, accurate, and cost-effective model for the situation. I will continue to work with my colleagues on the other side of the aisle on how we can make these provisions work well. 
In summary, the changes in this bill 
will bring about advances that result in better development and deployment of forecast innovations and technology. Importantly, most of these changes are coming at little or no cost. The bill is focused on changes to internal proc-esses rather than simply spending more money. To the degree that the bill does expand the agency’s authorization for weather research, it is done in line with anticipated needs in this area. 
Again, I want to thank the Members 
on both sides of the aisle for their input and support. I am particularly grateful to Ms. J
OHNSON for her support 
during negotiations as well as Mr. L
UCAS and Mr. B RIDENSTINE . Also, I 
want to thank the hard-working staff on both sides of the aisle for their ef-forts to keep coming back to the table and helping to move this forward. 
Mr. Chairman, we also received many 
letters of support for H.R. 1561 from more than 20 different organizations, including the Weather Coalition; the University Corporation for Atmos-pheric Research, which represents more than 100 research institutions; the Global Weather Corporation; the American Weather and Climate Indus-try Association; the American Com-mercial Space Weather Association; and many others. Additionally, we re-ceived letters of support from a number 
of individuals who serve on the Envi-ronmental Information Services Work-ing Group, which is one of NOAA’s sci-entific advisory bodies. 
Mr. Chairman, I ask my colleagues to 
support this bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
want to first thank the gentlewoman from Oregon for her work on this bill. She has been a strong advocate and an initiator on the benefits that this bill does promote. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he 
may consume to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. B
RIDENSTINE ), the 
chairman of the Subcommittee on En-vironment of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
Mr. BRIDENSTINE. Mr. Speaker, I 
would like to just echo the comments of my colleague from Oklahoma, the vice chairman of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Mr. L
UCAS , and of course the ranking mem-
ber, Ms. B ONAMICI . I think your sum-
mation of this bill is right on target. 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to attest 
that H.R. 1561, the Weather Research and Forecasting Innovation Act, is the very first step in what will lead us to a day when we have zero deaths from tor-nadoes. I want to repeat that. This is the very first step of what is necessary to move us to a day where we have zero deaths from tornadoes. Those of us from the great State of Oklahoma un-derstand this all too well. 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to first 
thank Chairman S
MITH, Vice Chairman 
LUCAS , and the Subcommittee on Envi-
ronment Ranking Member B ONAMICI for 
their tireless efforts to see this bipar-tisan legislation move forward. 
The burgeoning commercial private 
sector for space-based weather data and aviation-based weather data has voiced its support for this legislation. I would like to mention letters to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology from PlanetiQ, Tempus Global Data, Panasonic Avionics Cor-poration, GeoOptics, and Spire Global. 
H.R. 1561 builds on the foundation 
laid by my House-passed Weather Fore-casting Improvement Act from last Congress and directs NOAA to prioritize activities that will save lives and protect property. This is critically important to my State, which is in the heart of Tornado Alley. 
In fact, I just went home for the 
weekend. Saturday night, about mid-night, all of the tornado sirens started going off. My wife and I got up. We got our kids out of bed. We brought them downstairs. We set up their beds in my closet. My wife and I turned on the TV, and we surfed the Internet trying to find out where the tornadoes were and where they were touching down. 
This is critically important, and I am 
sure my experience this weekend, which is not unique to this weekend, is also an experience by many of my con-stituents and others throughout the State of Oklahoma. We must do all we can to improve our ability to predict the weather. 
H.R. 1561 will help NOAA to develop 
more accurate and timely warnings for not only tornadoes, but also hurricanes and other high-impact weather events. It calls on NOAA to develop a plan to regain and maintain our forecasting capabilities that are second to none in the world because right now we, unfor-tunately, are lagging behind our coun-terparts in Europe, the U.K., and Can-ada. The bill encourages better co-operation across NOAA offices and en-hances collaboration with universities such as the University of Oklahoma, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.089 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3372 May 19, 2015 
which is a national leader in weather 
research. 
Mr. Speaker, I am particularly proud 
of a new section in this year’s version that we have worked closely with in-dustry, NOAA, and other Members of Congress to include. H.R. 1561 author-izes a pilot program for NOAA to pur-chase commercial space-based weather data and test it against NOAA’s propri-etary data. It also calls on NOAA to publish standards it expects from any purchased data from the commercial sector. 
Mr. Speaker, this has the potential 
to be a major paradigm shift provision. This is the first step towards changing the business model. I believe we need to change the business model, moving to a day where the government does not purchase, own, and operate huge monolithic billion-dollar satellites but, rather, utilizes the innovation of the private sector to provide the data nec-essary to feed our data assimilation systems and our numerical weather models. 
b1830 
This will ultimately allow NOAA to 
focus its resources on the research and development necessary to improve our modeling capabilities, computing ca-pacity, and warning lead times out-lined in this legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, I believe there will 
come a time when there will be zero deaths from tornados. I think this bill will help us implement the necessary steps to get there. 
I, once again, thank my colleagues 
on the Science Committee for all their hard work, and I look forward to work-ing with our counterparts in the Sen-ate to move this legislation to the President’s desk. 
I encourage all my colleagues to sup-
port this bill. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I con-
tinue to reserve the balance of my time 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 
H.R. 1561 has received overwhelming support from the weather enterprise and industry. I would like to mention letters of support from AccuWeather, The Weather Company, Science and Technology Corporation, and Carmel Research Center as well. 
Mr. Speaker, I will insert in the 
R
ECORD a full list of the 25 letters of 
support the Science Committee re-ceived for this legislation. 
LETTERS OF SUPPORT FOR H.R. 1561—T HE 
WEATHER RESEARCH AND FORECASTING IN-
NOVATION ACT OF 2015 
COMPANIES  
AccuWeather, American Commercial Space 
Weather Association, Atmospheric & Space Technology Research Associates, American Weather and Climate Industry Association, Carmel Research Center, GeoOptics, Global Weather Corporation, MetraWeather, Panasonic Avionics Corporation, Planet IQ. 
Space Environment Technologies, Spire 
Global, Science Technology Corporation, Tempus Global Data, The Weather Company, University Corporation of Atmospheric Re-search, Utah Science Technology and Re-search Initiative, Utah State University, Weather Coalition, Weather Decision Tech-
nologies. 
INDIVIDUAL MEMBERS OF THE ENVIRONMENTAL  
INFORMATION SERVICES WORKING GROUP  
Walt Dabbert—Vaisala, Philip Ardanuy— 
Raytheon, Waren Qualley—Harris, Jean Vieux—Vieux Hydrology, Julie Winkler— Michigan State University. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
have no other request for time, but I just want to thank the three original cosponsors we have on the floor to-night—Mr. L
UCAS , Mr. B RIDENSTINE , 
and Ms. B ONAMICI —for sponsoring such 
an important piece of legislation. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, let me 
say, again, that this is a good bill that will improve weather forecasting inno-vation and services. 
The results of the changes contained 
in this legislation? The public will be safer because of more timely and more accurate forecasts that will protect lives and property. We will also be growing our economy and creating jobs through this bill. 
Researchers have found that annual 
variations in weather can produce bil-lions of dollars in reduced U.S. gross domestic product. With stakes that large, we owe it to our Nation to im-prove weather forecasting. 
H.R. 1561 takes intelligent steps to 
support NOAA and to drive needed change in how we harness research to forecasting needs. 
Again, I want to thank the many 
leaders in the research community and the private weather sector who pro-vided advice to the committee as we worked on this bill. I also want to ex-tend my appreciation to the Under Sec-retary of Commerce for Oceans and At-mosphere, Dr. Kathy Sullivan, for her cooperation and advice. 
I will continue working with my col-
leagues across the aisle and in the other body until we have a good, final bill. Again, I thank my cosponsors, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1561, the Weather Research and Forecasting Inno-vation Act of 2015. 
I want to take a moment to acknowledge 
that getting to where we are today was not easy. This is an update to a bill the House passed two years ago, and we have spent several months in this Congress negotiating over how to rework that legislation. 
I want to especially recognize the efforts of 
Environment Subcommittee Chairman J
IM 
BRIDENSTINE and Ranking Member S UZANNE  
BONAMICI as well as the bill’s sponsor, Mr. 
LUCAS . Their leadership and commitment has 
really driven this process forward. Today’s bill is a testament to their dedication and rep-resents one very positive step forward on the long and continuous road to improving the American weather forecasting system. 
America has some of the most diverse and 
dangerous weather events of any country. From my home state of Texas, all the way to Maine, hurricanes and tropical storms annually batter our coasts. Likewise, the central por-tions of our country, from Texas to Illinois are 
the most tornado prone areas in the entire world. 
Unfortunately, all you’ve had to do over the 
last few weeks is pick up a newspaper or turn on the television to see the true impact torna-does can have on American families. To help our citizens cope with these potentially dev-astating events, we need to have the very best weather forecasting and warning capabili-ties. 
The National Weather Service and the Of-
fice of Oceanic and Atmospheric Research at 
NOAA play a central role in protecting the lives and property of every American. 
The bill before us today will help accelerate 
innovation and the transition of cutting-edge weather research into essential weather fore-casting tools and products. 
The legislation accomplishes this goal by 
breaking down the barriers that exist between the weather research community, our nation’s forecasters, and the private-sector weather en-terprise. Improving collaboration and coopera-tion within NOAA, but also between the agen-cy and the broader weather community will ex-tend the accuracy and timing of our weather predictions. Such improvements will ultimately save lives and make our communities safer. 
Mr. Speaker, the weather is a central part of 
everyday life and resiliency to severe weather events is an important part of strengthening the nation’s economic security. H.R. 1561 will advance our weather forecasting capabilities and I urge my colleagues to support its pas-sage. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
H.R. 1561, ‘‘The Weather Research and 
Forecasting Innovation Act of 2015,’’ will greatly improve our severe weather fore-casting capabilities. I thank the gentleman from Oklahoma, Mr. L
UCAS , the Vice Chairman 
of the Science Committee, for introducing this bill. 
Severe weather routinely affects large por-
tions of the United States. This year we al-ready have seen the devastating effects of tor-nados across our country, especially in Texas, Oklahoma, Missouri, Kansas, Alabama, and Mississippi among other states. 
The deaths and the damage from severe 
weather underscore our need for a world-class weather prediction system that helps protect American lives and property. 
Unfortunately, our leadership has slipped in 
severe weather forecasting. European weather models routinely predict America’s weather better than we do. We need to make up for lost ground. 
H.R. 1561 improves weather observation 
systems and next generation modeling capa-bilities. 
This bill prioritizes weather research at the 
National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion’s (NOAA’s) research agency. This will im-prove forecasts and warnings. 
It prompts NOAA to actively engage new 
commercial data and private sector weather solutions through a corrimercial weather data pilot project. 
The bill requires a cost-benefit analyses for 
the procurement of observing system data. 
It increases forecast warning lead times for 
tornadoes and hurricanes. And it creates a joint technology transfer fund in NOAA’s Office of Oceanic and Atmospheric Research to help speed technologies developed through NOAA’s weather research into operation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.090 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3373 May 19, 2015 
The enhanced prediction of major storms is 
of great importance to protecting the public from injury and loss of property. 
In addition to Mr. L
UCAS , I also want to 
thank the Chairman of the Environment Sub-committee, the gentleman from Oklahoma, Mr. B
RIDENSTINE , and the Environment Sub-
committee Ranking Member, the gentlewoman from Oregon, Ms. B
ONAMICI , for their sponsor-
ship of this bipartisan bill. 
I urge my colleagues to support this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH) 
that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1561, as amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY LAB-
ORATORY MODERNIZATION AND TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER ACT OF 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1158) to improve management of the National Laboratories, enhance technology commercialization, facili-tate public-private partnerships, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1158 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Department of Energy Laboratory Mod-ernization and Technology Transfer Act of 2015’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents of this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. 
Sec. 2. Definitions. Sec. 3. Savings clause. 
TITLE I—INNOVATION MANAGEMENT AT 
DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY 
Sec. 101. Technology transfer and transi-
tions assessment. 
Sec. 102. Sense of Congress. Sec. 103. Nuclear energy innovation. 
TITLE II—CROSS-SECTOR PARTNER-
SHIPS AND GRANT COMPETITIVENESS 
Sec. 201. Agreements for Commercializing 
Technology pilot program. 
Sec. 202. Public-private partnerships for 
commercialization. 
Sec. 203. Inclusion of early-stage technology 
demonstration in authorized technology transfer activities. 
Sec. 204. Funding competitiveness for insti-
tutions of higher education and other nonprofit institutions. 
Sec. 205. Participation in the Innovation 
Corps program. 
TITLE III—ASSESSMENT OF IMPACT 
Sec. 301. Report by Government Account-
ability Office. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) D
EPARTMENT .—The term ‘‘Department’’ 
means the Department of Energy. 
(2) N ATIONAL LABORATORY .—The term ‘‘Na-
tional Laboratory’’ means a Department of Energy nonmilitary national laboratory, in-
cluding— 
(A) Ames Laboratory; (B) Argonne National Laboratory; (C) Brookhaven National Laboratory; (D) Fermi National Accelerator Labora-
tory; 
(E) Idaho National Laboratory; (F) Lawrence Berkeley National Labora-
tory; 
(G) National Energy Technology Labora-
tory; 
(H) National Renewable Energy Labora-
tory; 
(I) Oak Ridge National Laboratory; (J) Pacific Northwest National Laboratory; (K) Princeton Plasma Physics Laboratory; (L) Savannah River National Laboratory; (M) Stanford Linear Accelerator Center; (N) Thomas Jefferson National Accelerator 
Facility; and 
(O) any laboratory operated by the Na-
tional Nuclear Security Administration, but only with respect to the civilian energy ac-tivities thereof. 
(3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of Energy. 
SEC. 3. SAVINGS CLAUSE. 
Nothing in this Act or an amendment 
made by this Act abrogates or otherwise af-fects the primary responsibilities of any Na-tional Laboratory to the Department. 
TITLE I—INNOVATION MANAGEMENT AT 
DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY 
SEC. 101. TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER AND TRANSI-
TIONS ASSESSMENT. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of en-
actment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall transmit to the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources of 
the Senate a report which shall include— 
(1) an assessment of the Department’s cur-
rent ability to carry out the goals of section 1001 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16391), including an assessment of the role and effectiveness of the Director of the Office of Technology Transitions; and 
(2) recommended departmental policy 
changes and legislative changes to section 1001 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16391) to improve the Department’s ability to successfully transfer new energy technologies to the private sector. 
SEC. 102. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of the Congress that the 
Secretary should encourage the National Laboratories and federally funded research and development centers to inform small businesses of the opportunities and resources that exist pursuant to this Act. 
SEC. 103. NUCLEAR ENERGY INNOVATION. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in con-sultation with the National Laboratories, relevant Federal agencies, and other stake-holders, shall transmit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a report assessing the Department’s capabili-ties to authorize, host, and oversee privately funded fusion and non-light water reactor prototypes and related demonstration facili-ties at Department-owned sites. For pur-poses of this report, the Secretary shall con-sider the Department’s capabilities to facili-tate privately-funded prototypes up to 20 megawatts thermal output. The report shall address the following: 
(1) The Department’s safety review and 
oversight capabilities. 
(2) Potential sites capable of hosting re-
search, development, and demonstration of prototype reactors and related facilities for the purpose of reducing technical risk. (3) The Department’s and National Labora-
tories’ existing physical and technical capa-bilities relevant to research, development, and oversight. 
(4) The efficacy of the Department’s avail-
able contractual mechanisms, including co-operative research and development agree-ments, work for others agreements, and agreements for commercializing technology. 
(5) Potential cost structures related to 
physical security, decommissioning, liabil-ity, and other long-term project costs. 
(6) Other challenges or considerations iden-
tified by the Secretary, including issues re-lated to potential cases of demonstration re-actors up to 2 gigawatts of thermal output. 
TITLE II—CROSS-SECTOR PARTNERSHIPS 
AND GRANT COMPETITIVENESS 
SEC. 201. AGREEMENTS FOR COMMERCIALIZING 
TECHNOLOGY PILOT PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall carry 
out the Agreements for Commercializing Technology pilot program of the Depart-ment, as announced by the Secretary on De-cember 8, 2011, in accordance with this sec-tion. 
(b) T
ERMS .—Each agreement entered into 
pursuant to the pilot program referred to in subsection (a) shall provide to the contractor of the applicable National Laboratory, to the maximum extent determined to be appro-priate by the Secretary, increased authority to negotiate contract terms, such as intellec-tual property rights, payment structures, 
performance guarantees, and multiparty col-laborations. 
(c) E
LIGIBILITY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Any director of a National 
Laboratory may enter into an agreement pursuant to the pilot program referred to in subsection (a). 
(2) A
GREEMENTS WITH NON -FEDERAL ENTI -
TIES.—To carry out paragraph (1) and subject 
to paragraph (3), the Secretary shall permit the directors of the National Laboratories to execute agreements with a non-Federal enti-ty, including a non-Federal entity already receiving Federal funding that will be used to support activities under agreements exe-cuted pursuant to paragraph (1), provided that such funding is solely used to carry out the purposes of the Federal award. 
(3) R
ESTRICTION .—The requirements of 
chapter 18 of title 35, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Bayh-Dole Act’’) shall apply if— 
(A) the agreement is a funding agreement 
(as that term is defined in section 201 of that title); and 
(B) at least 1 of the parties to the funding 
agreement is eligible to receive rights under that chapter. 
(d) S
UBMISSION TO SECRETARY .—Each af-
fected director of a National Laboratory shall submit to the Secretary, with respect to each agreement entered into under this section— 
(1) a summary of information relating to 
the relevant project; 
(2) the total estimated costs of the project; (3) estimated commencement and comple-
tion dates of the project; and 
(4) other documentation determined to be 
appropriate by the Secretary. 
(e) C
ERTIFICATION .—The Secretary shall re-
quire the contractor of the affected National Laboratory to certify that each activity car-ried out under a project for which an agree-ment is entered into under this section— 
(1) is not in direct competition with the 
private sector; and 
(2) does not present, or minimizes, any ap-
parent conflict of interest, and avoids or neutralizes any actual conflict of interest, as a result of the agreement under this section. 
(f) E
XTENSION .—The pilot program referred 
to in subsection (a) shall be extended until October 31, 2017. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY7.041 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3374 May 19, 2015 
(g) R EPORTS .— 
(1) O VERALL ASSESSMENT .—Not later than 
60 days after the date described in subsection (f), the Secretary, in coordination with di-rectors of the National Laboratories, shall submit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources of the Senate a report that— 
(A) assesses the overall effectiveness of the 
pilot program referred to in subsection (a); 
(B) identifies opportunities to improve the 
effectiveness of the pilot program; 
(C) assesses the potential for program ac-
tivities to interfere with the responsibilities of the National Laboratories to the Depart-ment; and 
(D) provides a recommendation regarding 
the future of the pilot program. 
(2) T
RANSPARENCY .—The Secretary, in co-
ordination with directors of the National 
Laboratories, shall submit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Sen-ate an annual report that accounts for all incidences of, and provides a justification for, non-Federal entities using funds derived from a Federal contract or award to carry out agreements pursuant to this section. 
SEC. 202. PUBLIC-PRIVATE PARTNERSHIPS FOR 
COMMERCIALIZATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsections (b) 
and (c), the Secretary shall delegate to direc-tors of the National Laboratories signature authority with respect to any agreement de-scribed in subsection (b) the total cost of which (including the National Laboratory contributions and project recipient cost share) is less than $1,000,000, if such an agree-ment falls within the scope of— 
(1) a strategic plan for the National Lab-
oratory that has been approved by the De-partment; or 
(2) the most recent Congressionally ap-
proved budget for Department activities to be carried out by the National Laboratory. 
(b) A
GREEMENTS .—Subsection (a) applies 
to— 
(1) a cooperative research and development 
agreement; 
(2) a non-Federal work-for-others agree-
ment; and 
(3) any other agreement determined to be 
appropriate by the Secretary, in collabora-tion with the directors of the National Lab-oratories. 
(c) A
DMINISTRATION .— 
(1) A CCOUNTABILITY .—The director of the 
affected National Laboratory and the af-fected contractor shall carry out an agree-ment under this section in accordance with applicable policies of the Department, in-cluding by ensuring that the agreement does not compromise any national security, eco-nomic, or environmental interest of the United States. 
(2) C
ERTIFICATION .—The director of the af-
fected National Laboratory and the affected contractor shall certify that each activity carried out under a project for which an agreement is entered into under this section does not present, or minimizes, any apparent conflict of interest, and avoids or neutralizes any actual conflict of interest, as a result of the agreement under this section. 
(3) A
VAILABILITY OF RECORDS .—Within 30 
days of entering an agreement under this section, the director of a National Labora-tory shall submit to the Secretary for moni-toring and review all records of the National Laboratory relating to the agreement. 
(4) R
ATES .—The director of a National Lab-
oratory may charge higher rates for services performed under a partnership agreement en-tered into pursuant to this section, regard-less of the full cost of recovery, if such funds are used exclusively to support further re-search and development activities at the re-
spective National Laboratory. 
(d) E
XCEPTION .—This section does not 
apply to any agreement with a majority for-eign-owned company. 
(e) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 12 of 
the Stevenson-Wydler Technology Innova-tion Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3710a) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) 
as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, and indenting the subparagraphs appro-priately; 
(B) by striking ‘‘Each Federal agency’’ and 
inserting the following: 
‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), each Federal agency’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—Notwithstanding para-
graph (1), in accordance with section 202(a) of the Department of Energy Laboratory Mod-ernization and Technology Transfer Act of 2015, approval by the Secretary of Energy shall not be required for any technology transfer agreement proposed to be entered into by a National Laboratory of the Depart-ment of Energy, the total cost of which (in-cluding the National Laboratory contribu-tions and project recipient cost share) is less than $1,000,000.’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘sub-
section (a)(1)’’ each place it appears and in-serting ‘‘subsection (a)(1)(A)’’. 
SEC. 203. INCLUSION OF EARLY-STAGE TECH-
NOLOGY DEMONSTRATION IN AU-THORIZED TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER ACTIVITIES. 
Section 1001 of the Energy Policy Act of 
2005 (42 U.S.C. 16391) is amended by— 
(1) redesignating subsection (g) as sub-
section (h); and 
(2) inserting after subsection (f) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(g) E ARLY -STAGE TECHNOLOGY DEM-
ONSTRATION .—The Secretary shall permit the 
directors of the National Laboratories to use funds authorized to support technology transfer within the Department to carry out early-stage and pre-commercial technology demonstration activities to remove tech-nology barriers that limit private sector in-terest and demonstrate potential commer-cial applications of any research and tech-nologies arising from National Laboratory activities.’’. 
SEC. 204. FUNDING COMPETITIVENESS FOR IN-
STITUTIONS OF HIGHER EDUCATION AND OTHER NONPROFIT INSTITU-TIONS. 
Section 988(b) of the Energy Policy Act of 
2005 (42 U.S.C. 16352(b)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Except as 
provided in paragraphs (2) and (3)’’ and in-serting ‘‘Except as provided in paragraphs (2), (3), and (4)’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) E
XEMPTION FOR INSTITUTIONS OF HIGHER  
EDUCATION AND OTHER NONPROFIT INSTITU -
TIONS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Paragraph (1) shall not 
apply to a research or development activity performed by an institution of higher edu-cation or nonprofit institution (as defined in section 4 of the Stevenson-Wydler Tech-nology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3703)). 
‘‘(B) T
ERMINATION DATE .—The exemption 
under subparagraph (A) shall apply during the 6-year period beginning on the date of enactment of this paragraph.’’. 
SEC. 205. PARTICIPATION IN THE INNOVATION 
CORPS PROGRAM. 
The Secretary may enter into an agree-
ment with the Director of the National Science Foundation to enable researchers funded by the Department to participate in the National Science Foundation Innovation Corps program. TITLE III—ASSESSMENT OF IMPACT 
SEC. 301. REPORT BY GOVERNMENT ACCOUNT-
ABILITY OFFICE. 
Not later than 3 years after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Con-gress a report— 
(1) describing the results of the projects de-
veloped under sections 201, 202, and 203, in-cluding information regarding— 
(A) partnerships initiated as a result of 
those projects and the potential linkages presented by those partnerships with respect to national priorities and other taxpayer- funded research; and 
(B) whether the activities carried out 
under those projects result in— 
(i) fiscal savings; (ii) expansion of National Laboratory capa-
bilities; 
(iii) increased efficiency of technology 
transfers; or 
(iv) an increase in general efficiency of the 
National Laboratory system; and 
(2) assess the scale, scope, efficacy, and im-
pact of the Department’s efforts to promote technology transfer and private sector en-gagement at the National Laboratories, and make recommendations on how the Depart-ment can improve these activities. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
JODYB. H ICEof Georgia). Pursuant to 
the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH) and the gentleman from Il-
linois (Mr. L IPINSKI ) each will control 
20 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 1158, the bill now under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1158, the Depart-
ment of Energy Laboratory Moderniza-tion and Technology Transfer Act of 2015, enables the Department of Energy to better form partnerships with non- Federal entities and transfer research to the private sector. 
I want to thank the gentleman from 
Illinois (Mr. H
ULTGREN ) for his initia-
tive on this issue and the gentleman from Colorado, Representative E
D 
PERLMUTTER , for cosponsoring this im-
portant piece of legislation as well. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he 
may consume to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. H
ULTGREN ), the sponsor of 
this legislation. 
Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, before 
I get started, we also have several let-ters of support on this that I would submit for the R
ECORD . One is from the 
Bipartisan Policy Center on behalf of the American Energy Innovation Coun-cil; another is from Third Way. They support this bill. The final one is from the American Nuclear Society. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY7.040 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3375 May 19, 2015 
BIPARTISAN POLICY CENTER , 
March 24, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNBOEHNER , 
Speaker of the House, House of Representatives, 
H–232 of the Capitol, Washington, DC. 
Hon. N ANCY PELOSI , 
Minority Leader, House of Representatives, H– 
204 of the Capitol, Washington, DC. 
DEAR SPEAKER BOEHNER AND LEADER  
PELOSI : On behalf of the American Energy 
Innovation Council (AEIC), we write to urge the prompt consideration of H.R. 1158 De-partment of Energy Laboratory Moderniza-tion and Technology Transfer Act. Similar legislation (H.R. 5120) easily passed the House during the last Congress. The bill en-joys strong bipartisan support and was co- 
sponsored by both Chairman Lamar Smith (R-TX) and Ranking Member Eddie Bernice Johnson (D-TX) of the Committee on Science, Space and Technology. 
The AEIC is a group of America’s top busi-
ness executives who came together starting in 2010 to recommend ways to promote American innovation in clean energy tech-nology. We are united in our belief that tech-nology innovation—especially in energy—is at the heart of many of the central eco-nomic, national security, competitiveness, and environmental challenges facing our na-tion. We believe strong support for robust, public investments in energy innovation is critical to a vibrant American economy. 
H.R. 1158 gives the National Labs needed 
flexibility to enter into more effective part-nerships with businesses and universities, particularly with respect to early-stage tech-nology demonstration. We anticipate that H.R. 1158 will unlock more private invest-ment in clean energy technology R&D, and we endorse this bill. 
Accelerating technology innovation is a 
smart investment for America’s future. We look forward to working with you to once again secure House passage of this important legislation. 
Sincerely, 
C
HADHOLLIDAY , 
Co-Chair, American 
Energy Innovation Council. 
N
ORMAUGUSTINE , 
Co-Chair, American 
Energy Innovation Council. 
THIRD WAY, 
March 9, 2015. 
Hon. R ANDY HULTGREN , 
Member, House Committee on Science, Space, 
and Technology, Rayburn House Office Building, Washington, DC. 
Hon. E
DPERLMUTTER , 
Member, House Committee on Science, Space, 
and Technology, Longworth House Office Building, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR CONGRESSMAN HULTGREN AND CON-
GRESSMAN PERLMUTTER , we write in support 
of H.R. 1158, the Department of Energy (DOE) Laboratory Modernization and Tech-nology Transfer Act of 2015. It is critical that the United States maximizes the ability of our national labs to partner with the pri-vate sector to develop and commercialize new energy technologies, particularly around advanced nuclear power. Your bipar-tisan bill, which has been approved by the Committee and sent to the House, will begin a vital assessment of the labs’ capabilities and offer ways to get the best return on tax-payers’ investment in energy innovation. 
The world faces a profound paradox: ever- 
increasing global energy demand and the need to dramatically reduce carbon emis-sions. That’s why Third Way strongly be-lieves that the development of advanced nu-clear reactors is critical. With dozens of re-actor projects underway in the United States, this country has the opportunity to 
create enormous economic, national secu-rity, and environmental benefits if we can provide the right platform for private com-panies to develop and commercialize these advanced nuclear technologies. Public-pri-vate partnerships of the type envisioned in your legislation can help industry to tran-scend some of the technological and regu-latory barriers it faces and bring this prom-ising energy source to market 
We applaud your leadership in the sponsor-
ship of this bill. There is pent-up demand in the private sector to work with the national labs to develop innovative advanced nuclear, carbon capture, and other energy solutions. H.R. 1158 is a very important step to ensure that happens. We look forward to supporting it as it moves through the House and Senate. 
Sincerely, 
J
OSHFREED , 
Vice President for the Clean Energy Program. 
AMERICAN NUCLEAR SOCIETY , 
La Grange Park, IL, March 23, 2015. 
Hon. L AMAR SMITH, 
Chairman, Committee on Science, Space & Tech-
nology, House of Representatives, Wash-ington, DC. 
Hon. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON , 
Ranking Member, Committee on Science, Space 
& Technology, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN AND RANKING MEMBER  
JOHNSON : I write on behalf of the 11,000 mem-
bers of the American Nuclear Society to ex-press our support for H.R. 1158, the Depart-ment of Energy Laboratory Modernization and Technology Transfer Act of 2015. 
We appreciate your efforts to harness the 
intellectual assets of our national labora-tories through broader technology commer-cialization and public-private partnership initiatives. We are especially grateful for Section 104 which directs the Department of Energy to assess its ability to ‘‘incubate’’ 
privately-funded advanced research and test reactor prototypes at national laboratories. 
ANS strongly supports expanded federal 
engagement in advanced, non-light water nu-clear research and development. It is becom-ing increasingly clear that the U.S. and the world will need to significantly expand its nuclear generating capacity in the coming decades to address growing energy demands while reducing harmful emissions. 
Historically, the U.S. led the world in de-
veloping new reactor technology. However, several other nations, including Russia and China, have moved aggressively to develop so-called Generation IV reactors which offer distinct advantages over their light water counterparts. As such, the U.S. must recom-mit itself to improving its advanced reactor technology portfolio in order to maintain its influence over global nuclear safety and non-proliferation norms. This legislation, if en-acted, would provide needed support toward that objective. 
Sincerely, 
M
ICHAEL BRADY RAAP, 
President, American Nuclear Society. 
Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I want 
to thank the distinguished chairman, Mr. S
MITH, as well as the gentleman 
from Colorado (Mr. P ERLMUTTER ) for 
helping bring this legislation to the floor again this Congress. 
H.R. 1158, the Department of Energy 
Laboratory Modernization and Tech-nology Transfer Act, ensures that the Department of Energy has the tools it needs to allow new startups, small businesses, universities, and the gen-eral public at large to do what they do best: react to market signals and inno-vate. The Federal Government and the na-
tional labs play a vital role doing the basic research needed to maintain America’s position as a safe and inno-vative nation. Their ability to build large research tools at our user facili-ties is the crown jewel in our Nation’s research capabilities. This is the model other nations, like China, are copying. 
Far too often, however, the discov-
eries made in our labs get stuck in the labs. This is due to a number of rea-sons, and this bill seeks to break down some of the barriers that make this happen. 
Many of these problems are also out-
lined in chapter three of the ‘‘Interim Report of the Commission to Review the Effectiveness of the National En-ergy Laboratories.’’ 
I quote from the report: ‘‘Over 50 
prior studies and reports published over the past 40 years detail short-comings in the relationship between the DOE and its laboratories.’’ 
It continues: 
They present a strikingly consistent pat-
tern of criticism and recommendations for improvement. 
The committee and I have reviewed 
many of these prior reports, and this bill attempts to act on a few of these consistent, noncontroversial rec-ommendations. 
By extending the pilot for ACT agree-
ments within DOE, the labs are given the ability to negotiate more flexible contracts with non-Federal entities that would like to take the labs’ re-search and turn it into viable products. 
Section 201 in the bill also allows re-
searchers using Federal funds to enter into these agreements, so long as any Federal funds are used exclusively for their intended research purposes. 
Section 203 of the bill will continue 
to chip away at what many call the valley of death, what many startups never make it through because they cannot prove their concept. 
This section would allow DOE to use 
their tech transfer funds for early- stage, precommercial proof of concept demonstrations so the private sector can finally pick up technologies and develop them with private funds. This legislation would also grant to the di-rectors of national labs the signature authority for many agreements with non-Federal entities. 
These are decisions that the Sec-
retary of Energy must make under cur-rent law, meaning decisions a lab di-rector can make over a phone call in the course of a day must weave their way through the agency’s bureaucracy before it lands on the Secretary’s desk. 
This bill also seeks to improve the 
Department’s relationship with small businesses that can take part in the SBIR–STTR program, and it encour-ages the Secretary to enter into agree-ment with the I–Corps program at NSF. 
While I do understand that DOE has 
begun a similar pilot, called Lab Corps, I am worried that this pilot housed in EERE is so narrow in focus that it will 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:55 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY7.044 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3376 May 19, 2015 
not be applicable for most of our labs’ 
advancement. An accelerator tech-nology being developed for medical treatments, for instance, would not be able to access the current pilot. 
Section 103 of this legislation will 
also require DOE to undertake an hon-est assessment of its capabilities to au-thorize, host, and oversee prototype re-actors at DOE sites. This is a critical issue for the United States’ position as a nuclear technology leader. The United States has not hosted a new re-search reactor in decades, and there are not any current applications under review at the Nuclear Regulatory Com-mission. 
Unfortunately, the U.S. has become 
so risk averse that we have regulated ourselves out of business for building the concept reactors that might some day lead to commercially deployable, safer, and more efficient nuclear tech-nologies. We are driving companies overseas. I look forward to seeing the results of this report from DOE. 
Our national labs have been at the 
cutting edge of technological develop-ment, and we must always ensure that it is in the national interest. This bill helps to ensure that is the case because a discovery lost in the labs is a dis-covery wasted. 
That is why I encourage my col-
leagues to support this bill. 
Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 
1158, the Department of Energy Lab-oratory Modernization and Technology Transfer Act of 2015. 
I would like to thank Mr. H
ULTGREN , 
Mr. P ERLMUTTER , and my colleagues on 
both sides of the aisle for working to-gether to produce a strong bipartisan bill. I would like to thank Chairman S
MITH and Ranking Member J OHNSON  
for getting this bill through committee and to the floor here tonight. 
DOE’s national labs are responsible 
for some of the greatest research being conducted in the world, both basic and applied. Some of this research has great potential to become new com-mercial technologies if our labs provide the type of support that increases the likelihood of technology transfer. 
This could have enormous beneficial 
impacts for our Nation, not just in new technologies, but by making the most 
of our investments at these labs. That is why improving technology transfer from American research facilities, both national labs and universities, has been one of my top priorities on the Science Committee for the past decade. 
H.R. 1158 ensures that our national 
labs have the resources needed to fa-cilitate the transfer of new tech-nologies to the private sector. It great-ly increases the breadth of companies that are eligible to engage in a new pilot program that provides for more flexible partnerships, similar to those in the private sector, and lengthens the program for 2 years. This was an im-portant issue that came up at a hear-ing 2 years ago, and I am happy that we are getting that done in this bill. This bill also empowers labs to uti-
lize technology transfer funds on projects that demonstrate commercial applications for their research and technologies, and it asks the Depart-ment of Energy for a report on activi-ties related to the congressionally mandated technology commercializa-tion fund which the Department is im-plementing through the newly formed Office of Technology Transitions. 
I personally asked Secretary Moniz 
about past use of this fund, and so I am pleased by the recent actions of DOE in the direction of the TCF at this time. This bill has impacts beyond labs as well. It would significantly decrease fi-nancial obstacles that prevent non-profit research organizations, including many universities, from working with the Department. 
The bill includes language that I 
wrote that would make the National Science Foundation’s highly successful Innovation Corps Program, which pairs up grant recipients with motivated en-trepreneurs to help get their ideas in the commercial arena, available to the DOE through a partnership with the NSF. 
Finally, the bill ensures that effec-
tive reporting and accountability sys-tems are in place so we are able to clearly determine the performance of these new tools, as well as any further steps that will need to be taken. 
Mr. Speaker, the innovations that 
have come out of DOE’s national lab-oratories and research programs are second to none. Argonne National Lab, which is located in my district, is one of the best. 
All these federally funded institu-
tions and initiatives have been a crit-ical component of our knowledge-based economy, and this bill will ensure that they not only continue, but they im-prove their incredible track record. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, we 
have no other requests for time on this, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from Colo-rado (Mr. P
ERLMUTTER ). 
b1845 
Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I 
would like to thank Mr. L IPINSKI for 
his work on this bill and for yielding me this time. 
I rise today to support H.R. 1158, the 
Department of Energy Laboratory Modernization and Technology Trans-fer Act. I want to thank my friend from Illinois (Mr. H
ULTGREN ) for spon-
soring this bill and working with me and our colleagues on this important piece of legislation. 
This legislation provides tools to 
spur and accelerate the transfer of new technologies developed at our national labs. It extends the Agreements for Commercializing Technology, or ACT, pilot program for 2 more years and also significantly broadens the range of companies able to participate in the 
program, allowing for more flexible partnership agreements. 
The bill will allow labs to use their 
technology to transfer funds for activi-ties which identify and demonstrate commercial opportunities for their re-search and technologies. 
This legislation also removes burdens 
which currently prevent many univer-sities and other nonprofit research in-stitutions from working with the De-partment of Energy. This will encour-age further collaboration between uni-versity researchers across the country and our wealth of knowledge at the na-tional labs. 
Mr. Speaker, I represent Golden, Col-
orado, and the National Renewable En-ergy Laboratory. Quite simply, NREL is the premier energy efficiency and re-newable energy lab in the world. For more than 40 years, NREL has led the charge in research and design of renew-able energy products directly affecting the way we utilize and secure Amer-ican energy. 
This bill will help provide labs like 
NREL with important tools so they can best lead our country’s research on re-newable and sustainable forms of en-ergy and transportation and, ulti-mately, bring these life-changing inno-vations to consumers. I have seen the great work being done at NREL, and I know this great work is happening at other national labs all across the coun-try. 
Last year, DOE signed an agreement 
for commercializing technology with the Wells Fargo Foundation to utilize NREL and other DOE national labs to further research in energy-efficient buildings-related technologies, and this bill allows that agreement to be ex-tended for at least 2 more years. 
DOE’s 17 national laboratories and 
research programs have been the birth-place to some of our most revolu-tionary technologies. When this re-search is harnessed by entrepreneurs and business leaders, startups with one or two employees can grow into compa-nies employing dozens, if not hundreds, of people. 
We want to make sure these federally 
funded institutions and initiatives re-main an important foundation of our knowledge-based economy. That is why I am proud to cosponsor this bipartisan legislation with the gentleman from Il-linois (Mr. H
ULTGREN ), giving sci-
entists and researchers in both the public and private sector tools and freedom they need to unlock a new wave of innovation. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Vir-ginia (Mr. B
EYER ). 
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I would 
like to thank Mr. H ULTGREN and Mr. 
PERLMUTTER for their leadership on 
this important issue. 
This bill helps foster opportunities 
for entrepreneurs to more easily access technologies coming out of the Depart-ment of Energy and connect the bril-liant minds to the equally brilliant 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.095 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3377 May 19, 2015 
minds in the private sector who can 
then commercialize this technology. 
Federal R&D is responsible for many 
of the industries and technologies that now drive our national wealth—the most earth-shattering example, the Internet, developed by government sci-entists at DARPA. 
Federal research spawned the biotech 
and semiconductor industries; gave us tools like the laser, GPS, and MRI; and, through the World Wide Web and the Internet, has entirely changed the way we find a restaurant, talk to our children, and sell cars. 
The role of the private sector in de-
veloping technology is vital, and gov-ernment must lead the way in innova-tion, providing the patient capital nec-essary to perform research without any known commercial application or con-cern for profit. 
I am reminded of the fascinating idea 
that mathematicians who develop things in their heads, in their offices, with no application to anything, so often, within weeks, will find that that mathematical new idea applies to real- life situations. 
Einstein marveled at the power of 
pure mathematics, and he said, ‘‘How can it be that mathematics, being after all a product of human thought which is independent of experience, is so ad-mirably appropriate to the objects of reality?’’ 
In 1959, the physicist Eugene Wigner 
described this problem as ‘‘the unrea-sonable effectiveness of mathematics.’’ 
H.R. 1158 helps bring these pieces to-
gether, mathematics, physics, chem-istry, biology, and technology; and I urge my colleagues to support it. 
Thank you, Chairman S
MITH, Mr. 
HULTGREN , and Mr. P ERLMUTTER . 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself the balance of my time. 
Mr. Speaker, before I wrap up on the 
bill we are debating right now, I just wanted to thank Chairman S
MITH for 
his work on this, along with Ranking Member J
OHNSON . Working together, 
we were able to get these bills done here on the floor tonight. 
I know that tomorrow we will have a 
little bit more of a contentious debate on a bill coming out of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee; but I just wanted to, again, commend the chairman and Ranking Member J
OHN-
SON for our work together on these 
bills. 
We know there are important things 
that we can get done and we need to get done and will be very helpful to our Nation, and I am glad that we were able to do those things on these bills that we have brought forward here to-night, a good bipartisan mix of bills showing bipartisan cooperation. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to conclude by 
asking my colleagues to support H.R. 1158, the Department of Energy Lab-oratory Modernization and Technology Transfer Act. I want to thank Mr. H
ULTGREN and 
Mr. P ERLMUTTER for their work on this 
bill. I think there are many things that we can’t even see right now that will come out of this, but I am certain that our national labs and the great value that they are to our Nation will con-tinue, and this will allow them to con-tinue to not only do their research, but to do an even better job of producing new technologies that will be a great 
benefit to all of us. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 
1158, the Department of Energy Laboratory Modernization and Technology Transfer Act of 2015, enables the Department of Energy (DOE) to better form partnerships with non- federal entities and transfer research to the private sector. 
I thank the gentleman from Illinois, Rep. 
R
ANDY HULTGREN , for his initiative on this 
issue, and the gentleman from Colorado, Rep. E
DPERLMUTTER , for it cosponsoring this im-
portant legislation. 
The Department of Energy is the largest 
federal supporter of basic research and devel-opment and sponsors 47 percent of federal basic research in the physical sciences. 
The Department’s science and energy re-
search is conducted at over 300 sites nation-wide. More than 31,000 researchers take ad-vantage of DOE user facilities each year. 
This includes the Department’s 17 National 
Labs, which provide the foundation for the De-partment of Energy’s research and develop-ment infrastructure. 
These labs keep America at the forefront of 
global technological capabilities. They ensure that we continue to conduct critical research in high energy physics, advanced scientific com-puting, biological and environmental research, nuclear physics, fusion energy sciences, basic energy sciences, and applied energy research and development in fossil, nuclear and renew-able energy. 
The innovative early stage research per-
formed at the labs can have great value for the private sector, but often goes unnoticed. 
Because of a communication gap between 
the labs and the private sector, ideas and technology are often slow to reach the market. And federal government red tape discourages the private sector from using the unique state- of-the-art facilities the national labs offer. 
This bill grants lab directors signature au-
thority for agreements with private sector enti-ties valued at less than $1 million. And it ex-tends a pilot program that allows for more flexible contract terms between companies and lab operators. 
This bill also requires DOE to assess its ca-
pability to authorize, host, and oversee pri-vately funded fusion research and next gen-eration fission reactor prototypes. 
Due to regulatory uncertainty from the Nu-
clear Regulatory Commission, the private sec-tor currently has little incentive or ability to build reactor prototypes. 
This legislation represents a bipartisan, bi-
cameral agreement to modernize and increase the productivity of the DOE national lab sys-tem. 
I again thank Mr. H
ULTGREN and Mr. P ERL-
MUTTER for their initiative on this issue and en-
courage my colleagues to support this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
MITH) 
that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1158, as amended. 
The question was taken; and (two- 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-
VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2262, SPURRING PRIVATE AEROSPACE COMPETITIVENESS AND ENTREPRENEURSHIP ACT OF 2015; PROVIDING FOR CONSID-ERATION OF H.R. 880, AMERICAN RESEARCH AND COMPETITIVE-NESS ACT OF 2015; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF MO-TIONS TO SUSPEND THE RULES; AND PROVIDING FOR PRO-CEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM MAY 22, 2015, THROUGH MAY 29, 2015 
Mr. STIVERS, from the Committee 
on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–127) on the resolution (H. Res. 273) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2262) to facilitate a pro- growth environment for the developing commercial space industry by encour-aging private sector investment and creating more stable and predictable regulatory conditions, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 880) to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to simplify and make permanent the research cred-it; providing for consideration of mo-tions to suspend the rules; and pro-viding for proceedings during the pe-riod from May 22, 2015, through May 29, 2015, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-
VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1335, STRENGTHENING FISH-ING COMMUNITIES AND IN-CREASING FLEXIBILITY IN FISH-ERIES MANAGEMENT ACT 
Mr. STIVERS, from the Committee 
on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–128) on the resolution (H. Res. 274) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1335) to amend the Mag-nuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act to provide flexi-bility for fishery managers and sta-bility for fishermen, and for other pur-poses, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
VIRGINIA TASK FORCE 1 
(Mrs. COMSTOCK asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
tonight to thank the brave men and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.096 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3378 May 19, 2015 
women of Virginia Task Force 1, a do-
mestic and international disaster re-sponse resource sponsored by the Fair-fax County Fire and Rescue Depart-ment. 
I was honored to welcome these mir-
acle workers home this past Saturday morning after their 3-week deployment to Nepal. 
Virginia Task Force 1, in partnership 
with USAID, is always at the ready to answer the call when tragedy or nat-ural disaster strikes, either at home or abroad. Nepal was devastated by two major earthquakes, resulting in the loss of over 8,500 lives, and Virginia Task Force 1 was there to help. 
With their incredible skill and team-
work, they were able to rescue a 15- year-old boy trapped in the rubble for 5 days. When the second earthquake hit, they saved a 41-year-old woman who was trapped in a four-story building. They also medically treated countless others. 
When they returned home on Satur-
day morning, they were enthusiasti-cally greeted by their relatives and families. Those families also endure countless hours of worry while their family members and loved ones are halfway around the world in unfamiliar and dangerous circumstances. 
Mr. Speaker, the Members of Vir-
ginia Task Force 1 are truly fabulous and wonderful ambassadors for the Commonwealth of Virginia and our country, and it is an honor and a privi-lege to thank them for their coura-geous service to the people of Nepal and to the work they do every day in our country. 
f 
MANDATED FIXED WHEELCHAIR 
LIFTS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Ari-zona (Mr. S
CHWEIKERT ) is recognized 
for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Speaker, I 
am going to do a budget presentation in a couple of moments, but I wanted to actually come up here and, with my good friend from South Carolina, M
ICK 
MULVANEY , talk about a little article 
that popped up in The Economist last week, and there is the issue. 
This place has fairly short memories, 
but about 2 years ago, there were a handful of us coming here and talking about sort of an esoteric issue, some-thing called—what is it—wheelchair lifts. 
For those of us who represent resort 
areas, I am blessed to represent the community of Scottsdale, a wonderful area. I had one of my resort owners call me, and in a fairly gruff voice, saying: ‘‘David, do you know what the Justice Department is doing to me? I have seven pools and Jacuzzis, and appar-ently, I have to put permanent fixed wheelchair lifts at every pool and Ja-cuzzi.’’ 
He said: ‘‘I want to be sensitive and 
caring to my mobility-challenged guests.’’ He went on to tell me the story that 
for 10 years, he had had a portable wheelchair lift, and it had never been requested. Here we are, 2 years later. He has torn up his landscaping; he has put in the units. Guess what is now happening? 
He has called me and told me that 
now his insurance rates are starting to really bounce up because of unattrac-tive nuisance. The very things M
ICK 
MULVANEY predicted, I like to say I 
predicted 2 years ago, are coming true. 
I would like to yield to the gen-
tleman from South Carolina (Mr. M
ULVANEY ). Tell us the other side of 
the story of what is going on. 
Mr. MULVANEY. Mr. S CHWEIKERT , 
thank you for the opportunity to talk about this a little bit without the pres-
sures of the 2-minute timer or a 3- minute timer, actually talk about something in detail for a change in this House because it merits the discussion. 
My experience with it, Mr. 
S
CHWEIKERT , was exactly the same as 
yours—they are not exactly the same. I am not from the resort part of South Carolina. Mr. S
ANFORD and Mr. R ICE 
get that. I am from the more rural in-land part of the State; but we have got a lot of freeways and a lot of small businesses operating hotels, a lot of them owned by Asian Americans. 
I was approached by a group of In-
dian American hotel owners last year. These are folks, mom-and-pop oper-ations, that might own one hotel, they might own two. They told me the same story you just told about these pool lifts having to go in. 
A lot of them, like your friends with 
the resorts, had the portable lifts, so if anybody ever asked for help getting into and out of a pool by themselves, they had the ability to do that. Of course, similar to your story, none of them had ever been asked. 
The Department of Justice came in 
and said: You know what, we are going to require you, under the terms of the Americans with Disabilities Act, to put these fixed pool lifts in every single body of water that you have; so if you have a regular size pool, a kiddie pool, and a hot tub, that is three of these fixed lifts. 
It was a tremendous burden on these 
small businesses who, as you men-tioned, wanted to help folks who need-ed help in getting in and out of the pool, but just wanted to do it with a portable machine, as opposed to a standard machine. 
b1900 
They came in, and they said: Look, 
Mr. M
ULVANEY , we have seen this act 
before. This is how we got rid of diving boards. This is why we don’t have any diving boards. 
Years ago, people said they were an 
attractive nuisance. Kids were jumping off of them and hurting themselves, so now that entire generation of Ameri-cans has grown up without diving boards. 
What is going to happen now is that 
the next generation of Americans is going to grow up without swimming 
pools at hotels for the exact reason that you have just mentioned. 
We spent 40 years getting rid of these 
things that children could climb up on and jump off of into the pool, and now the Department of Justice has required these hotel owners to come in and put the exact same thing back in. 
It is no longer a diving board. Now it 
is a mechanical chair. But to an 8-year- old, it looks like something to climb up and jump off of. So they were la-menting the fact not only that their business is going to be hurt but that part of the enjoyment of coming to the hotel would be gone and not available to their customers, and that eventu-ally, you would see them start filling in their swimming pools. Unfortu-nately, I think that is the way that we are moving. 
But they also talked about some-
thing—and this is to the point of the article that you just mentioned, The Economist from April 25, which is that there was a private right of action in the regulations that came forward. And what this means, to folks who aren’t familiar with what that means, is that anybody can sue. In fact, in the United States of America, when anybody can sue, typically, anybody does sue. 
The article goes into great length 
about one very, very energetic plaintiff who filed 529 lawsuits against small- business owners at hotels throughout the southeast. In fact, in one particular period of time, they hit 50 hotels in a row shortly after the regulation be-came effective so that they could file their lawsuit against the hotel owners. 
I will read one of my favorite pas-
sages in the article, which is something that should be enlightening for all of us: ‘‘There is evidence that lawyers ex-plicitly target small businesses, which are more likely to pay up without a fight.’’ 
There we go. That is what we have 
done in the name of helping people whom folks were already trying to help. But in the name of having the government tell small business and large business how to help people, what do we end up with? Essentially a jobs bill for the plaintiff’s bar. 
Before we started today, the gen-
tleman from Arizona (Mr. S
CHWEIKERT ) 
and I were talking about why we were going to take a few minutes to talk about this. 
As my friend from Massachusetts, 
Barney Frank, said before he left: ‘‘Ev-erybody always says, ‘I hate to say I told you so,’ but the truth of the mat-ter is, people love saying, ‘I told you 
so.’’’ 
This is exactly what we said would 
happen. And why the Department of Justice saw fit to single out small busi-ness hoteliers who were already trying to help people and say, You know what, we know better than you how to help people. You think these portable units are good? Well, we think the fixed units are better. And trust us because we are from the government, and we are here to help you. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.097 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3379 May 19, 2015 
What do we end up with as a result of 
the government trying to fix the prob-lem? We end up with small businesses making less money. And I know not a lot of people are sympathetic to that. I certainly am. I used to be a small-busi-ness person. And believe me, the people who worked for me liked it when I made money. So did I. But I recognize the fact that a lot of people are not sympathetic to small business. But small business makes less money. 
Kids are going to have less access to 
swimming pools as they travel the country. Think about that for a second. How absurd is that, that we are going to end up filling in swimming pools in order to prevent lawsuits. 
And then lastly, and the worst is, you 
will end up with a situation where all we have done is empower a small group of overzealous trial lawyers and their plaintiffs. 
It is a sad story but one that we hear 
again and again in America. And I only hope that the next time the govern-ment comes up with an idea like this on how to fix things, they will look to what is happening now to the small- business hotel owners as an example of 
government gone wrong. 
Mr. SCHWEIKERT. I remember you 
and I having this conversation on the floor and particularly Members from the left coming to the microphone and basically scolding me on how insensi-tive I was. 
Now I realize that my father may 
have been right about something. He said: ‘‘It is almost always about the money.’’ 
When you look at The Economist ar-
ticle, you start to realize that this was a jobs act for the Democrat supporters and the trial bar because they are run-ning up and down our communities, suing small businesses. 
And I believe you are absolutely cor-
rect: our future will be hotels and re-sorts without pools at all. 
Once again, the folks in the opposi-
tion questioned our sensitivity, our love for our brothers and sisters. And we were trying to say, This is the eco-nomic argument, and here is the liti-gious argument. And we lost. 
The administration basically gave 
into the trial bar, and now we do have the ‘‘I told you so.’’ 
Mr. MULVANEY. I would suggest to 
you, Mr. S
CHWEIKERT , that you were, in 
fact, being insensitive: you were being insensitive to the trial bar. 
Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Darn it. I knew I 
was doing something wrong. 
Mr. MULVANEY. Listen, I had the 
same experience as you did, Mr. S
CHWEIKERT . I was in the Longworth 
House Office Building a couple years back. You and I wrote a bill together to try to either delay or prevent the DOJ from putting this regulation into effect, and we had people literally pro-testing outside of our office, folks from the disability community who wanted this particular accommodation. And I am completely sympathetic to that. 
What I think they failed to see at the 
time and failed to grasp was, number one, they were already being accommo-
dated. My guess is that 99.9 percent of 
the people who came to protest had never asked to use one of these port-able lifts at hoteliers, so they were not aware of the fact that they were there but, at the same time, they never gave any thought to the unintended con-sequences of this particular piece of regulation that the DOJ promulgated. And I think that, again, is a lesson to be learned. 
A government that is big enough to 
give you everything that you want is big enough to take from you every-thing that you have. And this, in a very small way, is what we saw in the promulgation of this particular regula-tion. 
Mr. SCHWEIKERT. The closing 
thought on this colloquy: 
We are already seeing the insurance 
world starting to charge higher and higher and higher fees for apartments, hotels, resorts that have these lifts, these permanent platforms. It is be-
cause they are already modeling the risk that someone—hopefully not with alcohol involved—but someone is going to crawl up on top of one and jump in. The same litigation profile that re-moved diving boards 20, 30 years ago, the other side basically has driven us to. And they are going to be our broth-ers and sisters out there. There are going to be some that are going to be hurt, maybe hurt severely, and ulti-mately, what is our future? The re-moval of the swimming pools. 
We have got to thank the folks on 
the left that weren’t willing to discuss rational economics and the DOJ, once again, for making a bunch of money for their trial bar friends. 
Mr. MULVANEY. We will get equal-
ity, Mr. S
CHWEIKERT . We will have 
equal access to the swimming pools under this regulation because no one will have the access. That will be the ultimate result here. 
In an effort to make it accessible to 
everybody, we will end up making it accessible to no one, and in the final analysis, that is a sad state of equality that I don’t think anybody should ap-plaud. 
Mr. SCHWEIKERT. This is not a 
petty little issue. This is just a simple example that we talk about here al-most every day of the runaway arro-gance of Washington believing they are going to run our businesses, run our lives, and sort of the obvious outcomes that turn out to be fairly disastrous. 
So, Mr. M
ULVANEY , I appreciate you 
coming down and giving us some of your time. 
Mr. MULVANEY. Mr. S
CHWEIKERT , 
thank you for the opportunity. 
THE BUDGET  
Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Speaker, I 
am going to set up here in a second. I am going to actually walk through something we have been working on in our office now for the last month, and that is, what is really going on in budg-et numbers. 
We did a budget town hall about 2 
weeks ago in Scottsdale. And I always like to start it with a simple question 
that says, How many of you are tired of seeing us in Congress fight with each other? And the hands always go up, and they say, Yes, you have to stop fight-ing with each other. 
And I always try to make the point: 
it is about the money. You need to un-derstand how bad the underlying finan-cial data is and what is really going on in the scale of debt and deficits and just the sheer scale of spending but also where that spending is going be-cause we have so many of my brothers and sisters here, we go out and cam-paign and say things like: We are going to take care of waste and fraud. We are going to take care of this and foreign aid. We are going to do this and that. And they are not providing an honest picture of where the money is and where it actually goes. 
So we are going to do about 10 of 
these boards. I know it is going to get technical. 
When you run for Congress, one of 
the first things that happens, if you are a numbers guy, the pollster and the consultants sit you down and say, You can’t use big numbers. People won’t understand them. 
In this presentation, I am going to 
treat everyone like adults—these aren’t Republican numbers; they are not even Democrat numbers, though the majority of these slides actually do come from the White House—to under-stand what is actually underlying in the data and how quickly it is eroding. 
Two points of reference: For decades, 
we used to talk about how we were going to hit this inflection point when baby boomers began moving into re-tirement and what was going to happen to the debt curve and what was going to happen to the curve of consumption of the entitlements. 
Guess what. We are now well into 
that inflection point. It has begun, and Congress has done very, very, very lit-tle in regards to mandatory spending. You are going to see on these boards that that is actually what may take us down as a Republic. 
So this is 2010. Let’s just do this as a 
reference. And remember, 2010 was a year when there was still lots of stim-ulus money, lots of other spending out there. 
You see the blue. The blue is what we 
refer to as mandatory spending. It is primarily Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, some transfer programs, in-terest, veterans, and the new health care law. 
Okay. In 2010, about 63 percent of our 
spending was in that blue area; 37 per-cent was what we call discretionary. That is what we get to vote on here be-cause what is in the blue is in for-mulas. 
I have been here a little over 4 years. 
I have really had absolutely no influ-ence on that blue area. It is a formula. You hit a certain age, you get a certain benefit. 
But I want you to watch what is hap-
pening in that entitlement, in that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.098 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3380 May 19, 2015 
mandatory spending. And, yes, this is 
the very discussion that gets people unelected because people get very upset, but we have to have an adult conversation of what is really going on here. 
So we are going to do a couple of 
these slides just to sort of create a ref-erence. 
Here is where we are this year. And 
you remember, on that slide, I think the blue area was about 63 percent of our total spending. This year, it is 69 percent of our total spending. And ob-viously then the discretionary, what we get to vote on as Members, has now gone down to 31 percent. 
Do you notice the movement? And 
that is just in the last 5 years. 
So where are we going? Well, right 
now, to give you a different way of looking at this, this is our 2015 mod-eling from the White House. This green area is our revenues. That is the total revenues coming into your Federal Government. That purple area is our debt. That is what we are going to bor-row this year to make up for our short-falls, though you will be happy to know that, as of about 48 hours ago, the ad-ministration changed the debt number from $576 billion for the 2015 fiscal year to—now it is going to be $582.5 billion. This continues to erode. 
We are going to talk about that at 
the end here, what is actually going on in GDP, on economic growth in this country. And if we do not develop a growth-oriented agenda, we can’t meet our obligations. We cannot keep those promises we have made. 
And with that, I stand here in shock 
of how often we engage in these de-bates, and it is not a growth-oriented focus. 
So one thing on this slide I really 
want you to get: blue over here is man-datory spending. The red is discre-tionary, with defense. Defense is con-sidered discretionary. We have to bor-row either every dime of defense or every dime of everything else, other than defense and mandatory or discre-tionary—Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, interest on the debt, vet-erans benefits, and the new health care law. 
b1915 
Mr. Speaker, we have to borrow ei-
ther every dime of defense or every dime of discretionary other than de-fense, and that is in this year’s budget. That is how quickly this is moving away from us. 
So what happens if we look way off 
into the future, like 4 years from now? 2020 is only 4 years from now. When I first got elected in 2011, I did a presen-tation here. The numbers I am going to show you that happen in 4 years were not supposed to happen until 9 years from now. This is to give you an idea of how quickly the numbers are eroding. Yet I hear almost no one talking about it. 
So we are going to be working on 
that budget in 4 years. Do you remem-ber that 2010 slide? Sixty-three percent 
of our spending went to Medicare, Med-icaid, Social Security, interest on the debt, veterans’ benefits, and the new healthcare law. Well, it is going to be 76 percent—76—three-quarters of all of our spending. We are only going to be voting on 24 percent of the budget, and half of that will be defense. 
I don’t know if anyone knows, be-
cause these numbers are small and it is hard to watch, what we will be spend-ing in 2020 on discretionary. So defense and all the litany of programs you think of are basically going to be al-most identical to what we were spend-ing 10 years earlier. I will hold that up as one of the successes of the Repub-lican House. We have been very dis-ciplined on spending on what we had the ability to influence, which was the discretionary budget, but the formulaic portion of our budget, entitlements, continues to explode. It is almost as if Washington, D.C., did not know that there was a baby boom, did not know people were going to be turning 65, did not know that 76 million of our broth-ers and sisters were born in about an 18-year period of time, and now we are into the third year of baby boomers be-ginning to retire, and that inflection has begun. 
So just as a reference, because I often 
get asked for this slide—and we are putting these slides up on our Web site—there is the spending pie chart for this year. You will see the blue area is all the way to here: Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, the transfer pro-grams also including the new healthcare law, interest on the debt, veterans’ benefits. 
Two weeks ago when we were doing a 
budget presentation in my hometown of Scottsdale-Phoenix, I had one woman who was absolutely positive, if we would cut foreign aid, we would be just fine here. It is important to under-stand. Do you see this little red area here? Foreign aid would be ultimately nothing but a small sliver within that. Yes, it is something, but in many ways, it is theater. 
If you have a politician standing in 
front of you and they are not talking about the mandatory spending and the speed of its growth, you are not having an honest budget discussion. It is hard because in many places around the country, when you stand behind a microphone and hold up these boards and start to say that we need to have an honest conversation about the math underlying Medicare, Medicaid, Social Security, and what is going to happen on interest on the debt, the new healthcare law and its cost projections blowing through the ceiling, and vet-erans’ benefits, often those Members who have tried to have that conversa-tion get unelected. 
But if you have someone walk in to 
our door here and say, ‘‘David, we so desperately need new spending on this,’’ we often pull out our charts and say, ‘‘You are absolutely right. This would be wonderful. Do you have a so-lution to help me refine and deal with 
and manage the explosion of the cost in Medicare?’’ And they just stare at you like we are not allowed to talk about that. But that is what is going on here. 
So let’s do another slide to just sort 
of see how the numbers really are ex-ploding. If I came to you and said, hey, in 4 years, that 3.8—and it is actually a $3.75 billion budget we are going to have this year. So 3.756 trillion—sorry, not billion, trillion. So we are going to spend $3.8 trillion this year. In 4 years, we are going to be spending an addi-tional $1 trillion on top of that, an ad-ditional trillion, and every dime of that is going into mandatory spending. It is not going into health research; it is not going into new parts; it is not going into building a new aircraft car-rier; and it is not going into all these programs that we all talk about be-cause it is easy politics. Every dime of that additional trillion dollars in 4 years from now will be in Medicare, Medicaid, Social Security, interest on the debt, veterans’ benefits, and the new healthcare law. 
How many times have you heard 
that? This is right in front of us. This is what is going on. Your government is growing at an exponential pace, but it is not in the area where we, as Mem-bers of Congress, get to vote because it is in the formula areas, the mandatory spending. 
Are you starting to see a theme in 
this discussion and on the slides? I am trying to build an understanding out there with both my brothers and sis-ters here in Congress and the public out there that if we are not willing to 
have honest conversations, particu-larly with this coming Presidential election, about entitlements, manda-tory spending, and ways we can man-age them—and it is not cuts, but there are much better ways we can deliver these. 
You put all the programs, all the 
promises we have made at risk because just pretending everything is going to be fine means you are basically dooming them to a really ugly future, or the country to an ugly future. So, Mr. Speaker, this gives you an inter-esting projection. 
Now, if we go beyond that 2020 slide, 
if we go 9 years out—9 years out—we will be running over trillion-dollar deficits, and that is using the current GDP projections for the future, which we are going to talk about that model on the very end slide. There is some-thing horribly wrong in how we are modeling our future income growth into this country. 
The math is real. I know it is uncom-
fortable and it is almost sacrilegious to many of the political people here, say-ing: Well, we are not allowed to talk about that. David, why are you such a downer? Don’t you want to get re-elected? Why aren’t you doing happy talk? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.099 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3381 May 19, 2015 
I am optimistic about the country. I 
am optimistic about some things hap-pening out there in the economy de-spite government. But you have to un-derstand, in 9 years, interest will be $1 trillion. And think about this: it is al-most going to be approaching all dis-cretionary. At that time, in 9 years, we will be about $1.4 trillion in interest. Our best interest projection is over $1 trillion. 
The chart, when you go a couple 
years out, we will be spending more money on interest than all of defense, all of discretionary, all of education, all of parts, all of health research, ev-erything else. That is what we are doing. We are creating this trap where, as we build more and more debt and build more and more debt and build more and more debt, that becomes our Achilles heal. That becomes our fra-gility in this country. 
So once again, remember that earlier 
slide where I went over there and marked that now this year’s deficit projection is $582.5 billion, and that is coming from the White House as of about 2 days ago. 
We had someone in our office earlier 
today. We were trying to do some mod-eling. If GDP continues to do what we think is happening right now, we could be having a discussion this coming Oc-tober that the 2015 shortfall was almost $600 billion. You do realize that is ap-proaching double what the optimistic projections were last year for 2015. 
There is something horribly wrong 
out there. It is a combination of lack of economic growth and, let’s be honest, the mandatory spending, the entitle-ments, are growing faster than the un-derlying models we have built. 
So this is an interesting slide just to 
give you the point of talking about in-flection. It is a fancy word that a lot of the statisticians like to use, and we politicians will use it. But there it, and it has begun. We are well into it. 
Do you see where those blue lines 
start to explode? But do you notice something interesting? The red lines, from about here over basically stay substantially flat. That is the discre-tionary spending. That is what we get to vote on. That is your defense. That is everything else other than the man-datory spending. 
But what is exploding through the 
ceiling? It looks like Washington, D.C., failed to understand the demographic issues that were heading towards this country and systematically avoided them, because I am sure it had nothing to do with my brothers and sisters often caring more about their next election than having to go through the painful process of educating our voters to understand this is your greatest threat, I believe, to our Republic. 
One more slide to put this in perspec-
tive. The blue line is interest. The red line is all—all—of defense spending. Do you notice something, that in about 7 years, 6
1⁄2years, we are now spending 
more money in interest than all of de-fense? All of defense. It is 6 years away. Actually, in reality, my math is closer 
to 5
1⁄2, but we will use the 6 years. 
Think about that. We will be spend-
ing more money in interest on U.S. sovereign debt than we are spending on all defense of the Nation. It is absurd. And this is what we are about to hand to our kids. As a matter of fact, this is no longer about our kids. This is about us now. The numbers have eroded so fast, it is here. And the happy talk that we were doing just 1 year ago, particu-larly coming from the administration, has not turned out to be true. 
So one of the things that is going on 
out there, can you regulate yourself to prosperity? Can you tax yourself to prosperity? Can you, in an arrogant fashion, have a bureaucracy that is so inept, its ability to even when we do bi-partisan, pro-growth pieces of legisla-tion like the JOBS Act—we all got to-gether here 3 years ago and did the JOBS Act. You do realize there are still substantial portions of that piece of legislation that are still sitting at the SEC that still don’t have their rules because of the underlying politics behind them? They are 3 years beyond their due date, but we still don’t have them. 
There is something horribly wrong in 
this government if we don’t have an honest discussion and actually then do something about our Tax Code, our regulatory code, access to opportunity, and then the difficult one, the design within our entitlement state, which is something the Republicans for the last 4 years, 5 years, have been putting into our budget. 
Do you all remember the television 
commercial of the P
AUL RYAN look- 
alike throwing grandma over the cliff? Great politics, horrible math, because the Republicans, P
AUL RYAN and the 
rest of us, stood up and said that we are willing to actually propose a model that saves Medicare and deals with this curve that consumes everything in our path. It is really bad politics; it is hon-est math. And we get the crap kicked out of us for telling the truth. 
So now we get to look at a slide like 
this. We were projecting 3.1 percent GDP for this year. As of a few hours ago, the Atlanta Fed, which actually does this really interesting modeling of collecting current statistics and con-stantly adjusting their GDP projec-tions, now has us not at 3.1 percent GDP for this year—and remember, every point of GDP is—it matters what velocity model you use—about $80 bil-lion to $100 billion of revenue. So you start to realize that a couple of points of GDP is a big deal. The Atlanta Fed’s GDP calculation on their Web site now is 0.7 percent GDP coming in in this quarter, and the indicators look like we are going to get additional down-ward revisions on the first quarter. 
Mr. Speaker, we are in trouble. Yes, 
the politicians will get up here and blame each other and blame each other, but it doesn’t make the math go away. b1930 
The other thing is also—and this is 
one of my pet peeves here—we system-atically do not tell the truth, and this is a Republican and Democrat problem. Some of it is because we use really bad modeling data, really bad underlying statistics; we underestimate the swings 
during boom times and slowdowns. We systematically have blown our GDP calculation; but understand, that GDP calculation has a lot to do with what we model as our spending, has a lot to do with what ends up happening on our debt. 
If you look at this chart, the red is 
what real GDP turned out to be; the blue was our projection, and systemati-cally, we are dramatically under the projection. It looks like this year we are crashing and burning. I am des-perately hoping the third quarter and the fourth quarter get really healthy, but there is something horribly wrong out there. 
Is this administration, are my broth-
ers and sisters on the left, finally will-ing to have that conversation about the Tax Code, about our regulatory state, those very things that—let’s face it—are stymying future growth and our ability to save this country? 
One last slide just to sort of provide 
an opportunity—for those of you who have an interest in watching some of these numbers, and there are those out there who are also sort of numbers geeks, this is that GDPNow. Yes, it is often a pessimistic calculator; except for the small problem is, the last cou-ple of years, it has actually been the accurate calculator of actual GDP growth. This is right off the GDPNow Web site from the Atlanta Fed, show-ing it looks like, now, we are all the way down to a .7 percent GDP growth in the second quarter. 
A little bit else on this and then I 
will stop this thing I am doing, which may be bordering on a tirade. If you are particularly geeky, last week, you would have seen the Journal of Eco-nomic Perspectives did an entire report on Social Security calculations. 
There is a handful of folks here with 
all sorts of letters behind their names, mostly Ph.D., talking about Social Se-curity is actually in worse shape than we tell people, that they are close to $1 trillion additional underfunded in the latest projections, and that some of the modeling are simple things like we are actually using really bad life expect-ancy tables. 
Now, I have incredible respect for the 
actuaries over at Medicare and Social Security; I think they deal with some amazing data sets, but some of the Na-tion’s finest economists and Ph.D. economists are starting to write public articles, saying: We are in real trouble here. 
Remember, last year, when the 
Mercatus did their detailed projection on unfunded liabilities and debt for the United States, they came in with a number that scared me half to death. They actually came in with a number 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.100 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3382 May 19, 2015 
of $205 trillion, as if you did GAAP 
standard accounting, not government accounting, standard accounting for the debt of this Nation and our un-funded liabilities. 
Go on the Internet right now, and 
look up what is the wealth of the world. Some of the best models say the wealth of the world is about $180 tril-lion. We have universities out there modeling that U.S. sovereign debt and unfunded liabilities are over $200 tril-lion. Our unfunded liabilities are great-er than the wealth of the world. 
We are better than this. This is the 
greatest issue in front of us, and we spend so little time actually having an honest discussion about the math. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
CAMPAIGN SPENDING 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
POLIQUIN ). Under the Speaker’s an-
nounced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CNERNEY ) is recognized for 60 min-
utes as the designee of the minority leader. 
Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I am 
going to talk a little bit about spend-ing today, like my friend and colleague from Arizona, but I am going to talk about spending of a different kind. I am going to talk about campaign spending. 
Campaign spending is quite an issue, 
and I want to spend about an hour or less talking about its effect, and I want to talk about some of the solutions 
that we have out there that might make a big difference. 
First, I want to say I truly believe in 
my heart of hearts that the United States of America is the greatest coun-try in the world, probably the greatest country that the world has ever seen and may see in the future. You can just see that by some of the markers. 
The notions of freedom that this 
country has had in the past have in-spired nations; they have inspired indi-viduals around the world. Our eco-nomic strength is unrivaled. Our cul-tural influence reaches every corner of the world. Our military power is abso-lutely unrivaled. 
However, again, I truly believe that 
we can do better, and I will tell you some of the big challenges that we are facing right now, that if we take on these challenges, we will even be a greater Nation. 
First of all, we need massive invest-
ments in our Nation’s infrastructure, our highways, our bridges, our ports, our airports. We need it in our broadband. We just need a massive amount of investment in our Nation’s infrastructure. 
Our Nation’s education is falling be-
hind. Yes, we have some of the greatest schools, some of the greatest univer-sities in the entire world, some of our public schools, some of our charter schools and private schools unrivaled; but there are a lot of schools that are struggling and producing students that really can’t compete in today’s world. We need to do immigration reform. 
We have 12, 15 million people in this country that are undocumented that live in the shadows that may or may not pay taxes that contribute to our economy but are always afraid of being deported. 
We have climate change. Climate 
change is here; it is progressing; it is going to get worse. We need to do something about it as soon as possible. 
We have a vanishing middle class. 
There is a huge disparity in incomes between the richest and the poorest in this country, and it is increasing. Our middle class is vanishing. They are feeling more and more insecure. They are unable to send their kids to college. We have a huge challenge in that re-gard. 
We have a need to establish back-
ground checks for purchase of weapons and to close the gun show loopholes. 
We need to create a sustainable econ-
omy. 
These are huge challenges that we 
need to attend from the Congress, from this body, from the House of Rep-resentatives, from the United States Senate, from the State legislatures, from local governments; but we are un-able to attack these problems, in a large part, because of the way cam-paigns are financed. 
Now, we see a growing perversion of 
Presidential campaigns. We have super-PACs. We have dark donors, and they are having meetings with Presi-dential candidates, which are allowed by the laws because the candidates are not official candidates. 
No one knows what is legal and en-
forceable right now in Presidential candidate financing; and worse than that, foreign money is probably coming into all of these campaigns now. 
I just want to say elections up and 
down the ballot are being more and more perverted each election. All Americans should be concerned. 
While I was waiting to speak this 
evening, I just read an article in the National Journal Daily today that stated: ‘‘According to data gathered in 21 states by the National Institute on Money in State Politics, $175 million was spent by them in 2006’’—that is local politics; that is city council and school boards—‘‘a number that ballooned to $245 million four years later.’’ 
That is a delta of $70 million in-
creases in local campaign financing in just 4 years, and that is a fraction of the total expected to be spent in future local races. 
Before I go further, what I would like 
to do is take a break and yield to my friend and colleague from North Caro-lina (Mr. J
ONES ). He wants to say a few 
words. 
Mr. JONES. Mr. M CNERNEY , thank 
you very much, and I want to thank you for taking the lead tonight to be on the floor. I know you have other Members of Congress to join you in your hour, but I have been here for 20 years, and I must tell you that, since I have been here, I have never seen as 
much influence by the special interests as I do now, and that is because of money. 
Actually, both parties—and that is 
why you are a Democrat, I am a Repub-lican—but both parties seem to suc-cumb to the influence of money to get bills to the floor. 
I am a strong supporter of J
OHNSAR-
BANES , who is from Maryland. You have 
your bill that I have joined today, by the way, to sign my name to your reso-lution, and I am on J
OHN SARBANES ’ 
bill, which is H.R. 20. The title is the Government By the People Act. 
I will touch on four quick points. One 
is building a government of, by, and for the people. The second part of the bill says empower the Americans to par-ticipate. The third part is amplify the voice of the people and then fight back against Big Money special interests. 
In my few minutes, Mr. M
CNERNEY , 
what I would like to talk about is the influence of money. I am a Republican and proud to be one; you are a Demo-crat and proud to be one, but I will tell you that I have seen so many bills this year get to the floor of the House be-cause, in my opinion, it is because of the influence of special interests. 
You and I recently had a bill on the 
floor that basically said that we would change the law that would allow the mobile home companies that sell mo-bile homes—many people in my dis-trict, 45,000 people own mobile homes, and there will be others buying mobile homes—but they will change the con-tract to say that it would go from 8 to 12 percent. 
Well, who did it benefit? It was War-
ren Buffett. I don’t deny Warren Buffett his success. He is a very suc-cessful man, and I am happy for him. What this bill did was to say to the av-erage person that maybe in California or North Carolina that needs to buy a mobile home, because that is the best they can do: we are going to let you pay more in interest. 
I was the only Republican to vote 
‘‘no’’ on that bill. I said this back in my district, and quite frankly, I was pleased that the majority of people agree with me that we should be con-siderate of those people who cannot af-ford to buy better than a mobile home; but there, again, that special interest influence, that is what you just said a moment ago. 
I am of the firm belief that if we do 
not change the system—you have an H.J. Res. that you have introduced. I talk about J
OHN SARBANES ’ H.R. 20. 
That will create an alternative to the system that we have. 
You and I both know that Citizens 
United that said that a corporation is an individual has created a lot of the problems that we face today. I will say that the American people need to get behind what you are trying to do, what Mr. S
ARBANES is trying to do—and I, in 
a lesser way—to return the power of the people to the people because, too 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.102 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3383 May 19, 2015 
many times, decisions here in Wash-
ington are made because special inter-ests, whether it be a Democrat or Re-publican leadership, puts it on the floor. 
I believe that the people, as you be-
lieve, have a right to let this be the people’s House and not the special in-terests House. 
I am delighted to be on the floor with 
you tonight. I will stay just a few min-
utes, if you want to call back on me in a couple of minutes. I will be here until a little bit after 8, but I wanted to thank you for getting on the floor to-night to speak about this issue be-cause, if we are going to let the people own the government, then we must give the power back to the people. 
Mr. M
CNERNEY. Thank you, Mr. 
JONES . 
I just want to point out, again, that 
this is bipartisan. Mr. J ONES is a Re-
publican; I am a Democrat. We both see the corrosive influence of money here in Washington, and we want to do something about it. 
A lot of our colleagues agree with us 
wholeheartedly but are actually afraid to say it. They are afraid to get up here because they know, if they do, they are going to be targeted by this special in-terest money, by super-PAC money, by dark money. 
The sad thing is that you don’t know 
that it is coming. You could be running a good, solid, healthy campaign argu-ing the issues and, all of a sudden, see a $2 million television ad against you, and they would be going after you for very personal misleading ads, which could destroy you and your family, for no reason other than you don’t want to see so much money in campaign spend-ing. 
b1945 
Let me look at some of the specific 
risks and problems that we see today because of the way campaigns are fi-nanced. 
First of all, campaign financing 
makes elected officials less effective in their jobs because of the time you have to spend raising money. 
Here in Congress, it is not unusual to 
see a Member of Congress spend 2, 4, 6 hours a day on the phone, begging peo-ple for money. That lessens your effec-tiveness. You can’t spend the time you should be spending on studying legisla-tion, in talking to colleagues, in find-ing ways to compromise on issues. 
The second item is negative cam-
paign ads turn off voters and suppress votes. 
Boy, we saw in this last election a 
turnout of 40 percent, 35 percent, and 30 percent in some districts, and a lot of that has to do with the negativity that people see on TV. They don’t know what to believe. They think they are both bums, and they just close their noses and vote for the least worse or they don’t vote at all. That is the sec-ond. 
The effect of campaign financing 
makes for wasteful government spend-ing. This is an issue that, I think, folks 
like my predecessor here tonight was talking about. The Tea Party folks should be interested in this issue be-
cause the way campaigns are financed causes wasteful government spending. Boy, I will tell you that I sympathize with the Tea Party objectives. Govern-ment seems big. It seems wasteful. It seems loaded. It seems ineffective. There is wasteful spending. There are projects that shouldn’t be funded. A lot of that has to do with the way cam-paigns are financed. 
The next one is a big one. This is im-
portant. It is kind of what I mentioned before. It is the threat of negative cam-paign ads causes elected officials to avoid important and controversial issues: 
Now, I do not care if you are a Repub-
lican or a Democrat. If you are a Re-publican, you have risk in your pri-mary elections. If you are a Democrat, it is of big money coming in and trying to trash you personally in election campaigns. If you are a Democrat, you have more risk coming in in general elections. So it doesn’t matter what party you are in. It doesn’t matter whether you are conservative or lib-eral. The way campaigns are financed is causing our government to be waste-ful, and it is causing it to be ineffec-tive. I think that needs to be improved. 
There is another problem that I men-
tioned earlier. Foreign money is com-ing into these campaigns now. Do you want to see foreigners, do you want to see folks from Russia or from China or from any country besides the United States having an influence on our elec-tions? 
The amount of money coming into 
elections continues to grows election by election. We had $6.2 million in 2010 versus $3 billion in 2012. I think I have gotten a million or a billion mixed up there. Sorry about that. Elected offi-cials respond more to wealthy donors than they do to nonwealthy donors. It is simply a matter of access. Someone gives you money, and they are more likely to have access, and that means that you are more likely to be sympa-thetic to their legislative goals. 
Judicial races are getting more ex-
pensive and tainted as well. Do you want to have a judge in a case that you may be bringing to court to have got-ten his seat or her seat because of the way the campaign finance trashed his opponent? I do not think so. 
In general, people have become very 
cynical about government because of the negative advertising, and people lose faith in our government. To have the greatest country in the world and the things that this country has ac-complished—the innovation, the science, the freedoms that we have es-tablished throughout the world—and then have people cynical about our government because of the campaign financing is more than a tragedy. Cam-paign spending is a zero-sum game. Let me tell you what I mean by that. 
Consider that you are in a meeting. 
You have got a 1 hour, and you have got 12 people, so everyone has 5 min-
utes to speak. Now, what if somebody takes 10 minutes? Then somebody else is going to lose out. Campaignspeak is like that too because people in this country are only willing to listen to a certain amount of campaign rhetoric, and then after that point, they turn off their minds. They don’t want to hear any more. The folks with the biggest money get out there. They fill the air-waves, and they fill your mailboxes, and they have people knock on your doors. Pretty soon, you don’t want to hear any more, so the guy with the lesser money is losing freedom of speech. So I think it is a freedom of speech issue. Those are some of the issues I have. 
With PACs and Super PACs and dark 
money—this is an interesting one— campaigns are no longer going to be controlled by the candidates. You could have a situation in which Super PACs and PACs have five times more money than the candidate himself or herself, in which case they are control-ling all of the levers in the campaign. So those are some of the issues that, I think, are caused by the excessive spending in our campaigns. 
I again yield to the gentleman from 
North Carolina (Mr. J
ONES ) to take up 
the case here. 
Mr. JONES. I thank the gentleman. I 
appreciate listening to you, and it re-minds me of a conversation I had on the floor of the House last week. 
As you know, I have been here 20 
years. I came with Newt Gingrich, and Bill Clinton was the President. We did some good things for the American people, so I am kind of an older man, so to speak. I vote my conscience up here, and it gets me in trouble. I voted twice against the Speaker of the House, and it got me in trouble, but I do what I think is right. 
I was sitting on the floor, and this 
gentleman—I will not say his name or where he is from because I don’t have permission to do that. He came up to me and said, ‘‘Walter, I am probably going to—’’ He is 20 years younger than I am. I am 72 now. He said, ‘‘I am prob-ably going to be like you,’’ and he is a Republican. He said, ‘‘I will probably be like you and will never be a chair-man or a ranking member of anything because I cannot do anything that would dampen or threaten my integ-rity.’’ 
I said, ‘‘What do you mean?’’ He said, ‘‘Well, in January, I was told 
that I could be a subcommittee chair-man, but I would have to raise $300,000.’’ 
The point that you are trying to 
make tonight—and you are doing a good job—with J
OHN SARBANES ’ bill, 
H.R. 20, which I hope people look up, as well as with your resolution, is that too oftentimes—and I will say in both parties—we have people in leadership who say you have to raise X amount of dollars if you want to be a chairman. What happens to that person in eastern North Carolina, where I am from, who 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:41 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.103 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3384 May 19, 2015 
makes $35,000 or $40,000 a year who 
can’t buy influence in Washington? 
That is what you are trying to do to-
night, and that is why I wanted to be with you, and I admire you for taking the floor tonight. Where are their spokesmen? We are the people’s House, and all of a sudden, everything is about money, winning reelections with money—big money. The average citi-zens are beginning to be turned off by the fact that they don’t have much in-fluence, and that is why what you are doing tonight is very special. 
I was thinking about the gentleman 
who said to me, ‘‘I will be like you, Walter Jones. I will probably never be a chairman or a ranking member be-cause you are trying to keep your in-tegrity in place.’’ If we had a system that you are proposing and J
OHNSAR-
BANES is proposing that would have a 
system for those who don’t want to be bought and paid for by special inter-ests, they would have an alternative by raising their money in the State and in the district, and they would be re-warded for raising their money in that State. Then their allegiance would be to the State and the district. 
Again, I am going to stay a few more 
minutes, but I want to compliment you on what you are doing tonight. 
Mr. M
CNERNEY. I thank the gen-
tleman. I don’t know of anyone who has more integrity in this institution than you do, so I am honored that you would come down here and talk with me tonight about this important issue. 
Now, the American people, as far as I 
can tell, are clearly in favor of reduc-ing campaign money, campaign spend-ing. I have some Gallup Poll numbers here that were taken by The Huff-ington Post from November 7 through November 9, 2014, which was during the last election or right after the last election. 
The first question: Would you support or oppose amend-
ing the Constitution to give Congress more power to create restrictions on campaign spending? 
In favor of that was 53 percent; op-
posed was 23 percent; and not sure was 22 percent. So it was a very strong ma-jority in favor of a constitutional amendment like I am going to discuss in a little while. 
The second question: Do you think limiting contributions 
to political campaigns helps to prevent corruption in politics, or does it have no impact on corruption? 
The question is will corruption be 
curtailed by limiting campaign spend-ing. The answer that it helps prevent corruption: 52 percent; no impact on corruption: 28 percent; and not sure: 20 percent. Again, people feel strongly about this issue. 
The last question that I will read is: Which of the following statements do 
you agree with more: Elections are generally won by the candidate who raises the most money? The answer is 59 percent of Americans believe that; 18 percent don’t believe that; and 23 per-cent are unsure. So I think this is a 
strong issue that we should be talking about. 
How do we move forward? Unfortunately, the Supreme Court 
appears to have a strong bias toward more money in politics, and it has con-sistently issued rulings to that effect. The Supreme Court even sought out, they even asked for, the infamous Citi-zens United case to be brought forward to them. Then, ultimately, they ruled that corporations have the same rights—free speech—as individual citi-zens do, as individual people do. The meaning of that decision is that cor-porations can use their treasuries to fi-nance campaigns. 
I can’t think of anything more corro-
sive or destructive to our democracy than that. The system was already bad before the Citizens United decision, but this thing made it much worse. Unfor-tunately, the Citizens United decision is just one of a series of decisions that allows more and more money into poli-tics, and I truly believe that this is a threat to our cherished democratic and republican institutions. 
This trend is not confined to the Su-
preme Court. Earlier this year, the Re-publican-controlled Senate, in concur-rence with the Republican-controlled House of Representatives, passed legis-lation that increased the total individ-uals could contribute to political par-ties by a factor of 10—going from $35,000 to over $300,000. 
What can we do about it? The good news is that there are real-
ly a number of very good ideas that have been proposed, and I think it is important for us to go over some of those ideas. My friend W
ALTER JONES  
has mentioned J OHN SARBANES ’ idea, 
and I will go into that in a little bit of detail. But there are others, and I think it is important that the Amer-ican people be aware of some of these proposals out there and what they might offer and to let them decide, let the American people decide. 
Do they want to see a legislative ap-
proach like J
OHN SARBANES ’ great ap-
proach?—I support it—or a constitu-tional amendment like mine and oth-ers that I will bring up as we go for-ward tonight? These proposals all have merit. They are all worth studying and thinking about, and I would be happy to support any of the ones that I am going to talk about this evening and to consider other ones that may not have been brought forward yet. The pro-posals, again, fall into two categories— legislative proposals and constitu-tional amendments. 
Legislative proposals are a little bit 
easier to enact, but they are subject to Supreme Court and lower court over-turning. So you can work hard, and you can get it passed and then have the Supreme Court or some other court overturn it. The constitutional amend-ment has a very high bar. It is very dif-ficult to get a constitutional amend-ment passed, and it should be. You don’t want people just willy-nilly pass-ing an amendment to change the Con-
stitution. It requires a two-thirds vote in the House of Representatives, a two- thirds vote in the Senate, and three- quarters of the State legislatures throughout the country to pass that amendment for it to become part of the Constitution; but once it becomes part of the Constitution, the courts can’t touch it. They can interpret it, but they can’t overturn it. 
There is legislation that I would like 
to talk about, but some of my col-leagues who were going to be here to-night couldn’t be because of a change in schedule. I think one of the impor-tant approaches, mostly championed by C
HRIS VANHOLLEN from Maryland, 
is the disclosure and transparency ap-proach, which is that people who do-nate ought to be disclosed quickly and broadly so that people know where money is coming from. That is a very important idea. 
b2000 
Also, Government By the People, 
J
OHNSARBANES ’ approach, which I will 
talk about in a little while; and there is also legislation that would create public finance, and I think that is a very good approach, too. 
There are two constitutional amend-
ments, one by D
ONNA EDWARDS , a col-
league of mine from Maryland, that overturns Citizens United, and there is one by T
EDDEUTCH , a colleague of 
mine from Florida. T EDDEUTCH from 
Florida would basically allow Congress to enact laws on campaign financing that could not be overturned by the Supreme Court. I think that is a good approach. I support that. In theory, it has got a beauty to it. 
Then there is my approach, which ba-
sically would eliminate PACs and do other things. I would like to talk in some detail about my resolution now, and we will get the board up to talk about it. This is called H.J. Res. 31, and again, it is a proposed constitutional amendment. As you can see, it has four parts. 
The first part, I think, is probably 
the most important, and it says basi-cally that money that comes in to po-litical election campaigns to support or oppose a candidate for office can only come from individual citizens and only go to the campaign controlled by the candidate or the principal cam-paign controlled by the candidate or from a system of public election fi-nancing. 
So what does that mean? That means 
that when money comes in, it can only come from individual citizens. It can’t come from corporations; it can’t come from any other sources. It just comes from individual citizens, and it can only go to the campaign controlled by the candidate. That means that it can’t go to political action committees, PACs; it can’t go to super-PACs; it can’t be dark money. The only money that can influence elections directly or indirectly to support or oppose a can-didate has to come from individual 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.104 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3385 May 19, 2015 
citizens. It has to go only to the can-
didate, to the campaign controlled by the candidate. That is a very strong re-quirement. It is probably the strongest requirement out there right now, but I think it is important. 
By the way, the first requirement ap-
plies to elections for individual can-didates at all levels of government, from the President on down to the Con-gress, the Senate, State governments, city governments, and so on. 
The second measure is similar to the 
first. This requirement, money to sup-port or oppose a State ballot initiative to change a State constitution or for other purposes can only come from in-dividuals who are able to vote for the measure or from a system of public election financing. I think that is im-portant because you have ballot initia-tives in my home State of California, for example, and you see millions of dollars coming in from out of State. Why would somebody from out of State have an opportunity to influence a State ballot initiative in California? I think it is wrong, and I think that this would take care of that problem. 
The third requirement is that Con-
gress, the States, and the local juris-dictions must establish limits that an individual can contribute to any one election campaign, including limits on the amount a candidate may con-tribute to his or her own campaign. Now, for that particular requirement, we already have that in the U.S. House and U.S. Senate. The limit at this point in time is $2,700 per election. So every time your voters can go to the booth for you, people can contribute, individuals can contribute $2,700, so the primary election and the general elec-tion. In the House of Representatives elections are every 2 years, so you can collect an amount of $5,400 over the election cycle for your campaign. 
Now, if you collect $5,400 before the 
primary and you lose the primary, then you are going to have to give back the money that was donated for the gen-eral election. So that would be you would have to give $2,700 back to the donors that gave that to you. 
Also, it is important that it requires 
governments to limit the amount a candidate can spend on their own cam-paign. Some of our candidates are ex-tremely wealthy. They have millions or hundreds of millions or more. They can buy their seat in Congress easily, and this would limit that. I think, again, this is very, very important. 
The last is probably one of the more 
controversial of the four, but it says that the total of contributions to a candidate’s campaign from individuals who are not able to vote for the can-didate cannot be greater than the total of contributions from individuals who can vote for the candidate. Now, geo-graphically what that would mean is that money coming from outside of your congressional district, or from your State if you are a Senator, can’t exceed money that comes from inside your district if you are a congressional candidate or State if you are a Sen-
ator. It wouldn’t affect the Presi-dential race as much because every-body in the United States is in the President’s district, but it would also affect local districts as well. With that, that wraps up the discussion of my pro-posed constitutional amendment. 
I want to talk a little bit about J
OHN 
SARBANES ’ bill, and I think it is a fine 
bill. It is not a constitutional amend-ment. What it does is it gives you a tax credit for money that you can con-tribute to a campaign. So if you can contribute $50 to a campaign, then you get a tax credit of $50, which means money back on your income tax re-turn; the same amount that you con-tribute, you get back. But also it matches that contribution by 6 to 1. So you will end up giving the candidate quite a bit more than you are actually contributing. It is a good measure. It is a good proposal. It would sort of even out the effect of PACs. I find myself supporting that. 
Again, my colleague, T
EDDEUTCH , 
has a couple of constitutional amend-ments in the 114th Congress. One of them is called Democracies for All, H.J. Res. 119, and also H.J. Res. 22 that creates funding limits and creates a distinction between individuals and corporations, but what it really does is allows Congress to limit, to enact laws that will be enforceable and not over-turned by the Supreme Court. 
We have V
ANHOLLEN in the 114th 
Congress, H.R. 430, and what this does is it requires disclosure so that when campaign contributions are made, we can determine who made those con-tributions—very important. I think it would make a big difference. 
Then we have a number of proposals 
to create public financing. My col-league from Kentucky, J
OHNYARMUTH , 
had one in the 113th Congress, Fair Elections Now Act. In the 114th Con-gress, which is this Congress, D
AVID 
PRICE has H.R. 424, which establishes a 
system of public financing. 
These are all good. I think I would be 
supportive of any of these kinds of ap-proaches. I think the American public needs to be protected. I think our cher-ished Democratic and Republican insti-tutions are a threat here, whether it is because candidates are bombarded by negative ads, whether it is because can-
didates are influenced by big donors, whether it is because more and more money is coming in to these elections every single cycle. There is a lot of rea-sons why we need to look at campaign financing and select one of these ap-proaches and go with it and change the system that we have to a system that really does respond to the American public. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: 
Mr. C HAFFETZ (at the request of Mr. 
MCCARTHY ) for today and the balance of the week on account of an unsched-
uled medical procedure. 
Mr. D ONOVAN (at the request of Mr. 
MCCARTHY ) for today and the balance 
of the week on account of the birth of his first child. 
f 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, 
reported and found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the following title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 2252. An act to clarify the effective 
date of certain provisions of the Border Pa-trol Agent Pay Reform Act of 2014, and for other purposes. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. M CNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I 
move that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 8 o’clock and 9 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House ad-journed until tomorrow, Wednesday, May 20, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morning- hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
1517. A letter from the Chairman and Presi-
dent, Export-Import Bank, transmitting a statement, pursuant to Sec. 2(b)(3) of the Ex-port-Import Bank Act of 1945, as amended, on a transaction involving Gunes Ekspres Havacilik A.S. of Antalya, Turkey; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
1518. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Communications and Information, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting the second quarterly report from the National Telecommunications and Information Ad-ministration regarding the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority transition, pursuant to the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2015, Pub. L. 113-235; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
1519. A letter from the Deputy Assistant 
Administrator, Office of Diversion Control, Drug Enforcement Administration, Depart-ment of Justice, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final order — Schedules of Controlled Substances: Extension of Temporary Place-ment of UR-144, XLR11, and AKB48 in Sched-ule I of the Controlled Substances Act [Docket No.: DEA-414] received May 18, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
1520. A letter from the Director, Defense 
Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer and Acceptance to Israel, pursuant to Sec. 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, Pub. L. 94-329, as amend-ed, Transmittal No.: 15-36; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
1521. A letter from the Assistant Legal Ad-
viser, Office of Treaty Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a list of international agreements other than treaties entered into by the United States, to be transmitted to Congress within sixty days in accordance with the Case-Zablocki Act, 1 U.S.C. 112b; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
1522. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of the Treasury, transmitting pursuant 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY7.106 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3386 May 19, 2015 
to Sec. 401(c) of the National Emergencies 
Act, 50 U.S.C. 1641(c), and Sec. 204(c) of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, 50 U.S.C. 1703(c), the six-month periodic report on the national emergency with re-spect to Belarus that was declared in Execu-tive Order 13405 of June 16, 2006; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
1523. A letter from the Assistant Attorney 
General, Office of Legislative Affairs, De-partment of Justice, transmitting two re-ports pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Re-form Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105-277; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
1524. A letter from the Director, Office of 
Human Resources, Environmental Protec-tion Agency, transmitting seventeen reports pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105-277; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
1525. A letter from the Chairman, National 
Endowment for the Arts, transmitting the Chairman’s Semiannual Report on Final Ac-tion Resulting from Audit Reports, Inspec-tion Reports, and Evaluation Reports for the period of October 1, 2014 through March 31, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 5; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
1526. A letter from the Assistant Attorney 
General, Office of Legislative Affairs, De-partment of Justice, transmitting a report providing a FY 2016 Estimate for the Free Clinic Program, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 233(o); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
1527. A letter from the Assistant Attorney 
General, Office of Legislative Affairs, De-partment of Justice, transmitting the ‘‘2014 Biennial Report to Congress on the Effec-tiveness of Grant Programs Under the Vio-lence Against Women Act’’, as required by Sec. 1003(b) of the Violence Against Women Act of 2000; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 
1528. A letter from the Chief, Publications 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final rule — Depreciation of Precious Metals (Rev. Rul. 2015-11) received May 18, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. SMITH of Texas: Committee on 
Science, Space, and Technology. H.R. 1119. A bill to improve the efficiency of Federal re-search and development, and for other pur-poses (Rept. 114–121). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas: Committee on 
Science, Space, and Technology. H.R. 874. A bill to amend the Department of Energy High-End Computing Revitalization Act of 2004 to improve the high-end computing re-search and development program of the De-partment of Energy, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–122). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas: Committee on 
Science, Space, and Technology. H.R. 1156. A bill to authorize the establishment of a body under the National Science and Technology Council to identify and coordinate inter-national science and technology cooperation opportunities (Rept. 114–123). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas: Committee on 
Science, Space, and Technology. H.R. 1158. A bill to improve management of the National 
Laboratories, enhance technology commer-cialization, facilitate public-private partner-ships, and for other purposes; with an amend-ment (Rept. 114–124). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas: Committee on 
Science, Space, and Technology. H.R. 1162. A bill to make technical changes to provisions authorizing prize competitions under the Stevenson-Wydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980; with an amendment (Rept. 114– 125). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas: Committee on 
Science, Space, and Technology. H.R. 1561. A bill to improve the National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration’s weather re-search through a focused program of invest-
ment on affordable and attainable advances in observational, computing, and modeling capabilities to support substantial improve-ment in weather forecasting and prediction of high impact weather events, to expand commercial opportunities for the provision of weather data, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–126). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. STIVERS: Committee on Rules. House 
Resolution 273. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 2262) to facilitate a pro-growth environment for the developing commercial space industry by encouraging private sector investment and creating more stable and predictable regulatory conditions, and for other purposes; providing for consid-eration of the bill (H.R. 880) to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to simplify and make permanent the research credit; pro-viding for consideration of motions to sus-pend the rules; and providing for proceedings during the period from May 22, 2015, through May 29, 2015 (Rept. 114–127). Referred to the House Calendar. 
Mr. BYRNE: Committee on Rules. House 
Resolution 274. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 1335) to amend the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act to provide flexibility for fishery managers and stability for fishermen, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–128). Re-ferred to the House Calendar. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. UPTON (for himself, Ms. 
DEGETTE , Mr. P ITTS, Mr. P ALLONE , 
and Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas): 
H.R. 6. A bill to accelerate the discovery, 
development, and delivery of 21st century cures, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. COLLINS of Georgia (for him-
self, Mr. C
ROWLEY , Mr. S MITH of Mis-
souri, Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of Cali-
fornia, Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. C OLLINS of 
New York, and Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ  
of California): 
H.R. 2405. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to extend the special ex-pensing rules for certain film and television productions and to provide for special ex-pensing for live theatrical productions; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. WITTMAN (for himself, Mr. 
W
ALZ, Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, 
and Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas): H.R. 2406. A bill to protect and enhance op-
portunities for recreational hunting, fishing, and shooting, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in ad-dition to the Committees on Agriculture, Energy and Commerce, Transportation and Infrastructure, and the Judiciary, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
(for himself and Mr. C
OURTNEY ): 
H.R. 2407. A bill to reverse declining milk 
consumption in schools; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois 
(for himself, Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Ms. L EE, 
and Mr. C UMMINGS ): 
H.R. 2408. A bill to establish in the Admin-
istration for Children and Families of the Department of Health and Human Services the Federal Interagency Working Group on Reducing Child Poverty to develop a na-tional strategy to eliminate child poverty in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
By Mr. SWALWELL of California (for 
himself, Mr. C
OLLINS of New York, 
and Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of 
New York): 
H.R. 2409. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to allow small businesses to defer the payment of certain employment taxes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. D
EFAZIO (for himself, Ms. N OR-
TON, Mr. N ADLER , Ms. B ROWN of Flor-
ida, Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas, Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. L ARSEN of 
Washington, Mr. C APUANO , Mrs. 
NAPOLITANO , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. S IRES, 
Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. 
CARSON of Indiana, Mr. N OLAN , Mrs. 
KIRKPATRICK , Ms. T ITUS, Ms. E STY, 
Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, and Ms. 
BROWNLEY of California) (all by re-
quest): 
H.R. 2410. A bill to authorize highway in-
frastructure and safety, transit, motor car-rier, rail, and other surface transportation programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, Ways and Means, Science, Space, and Technology, Natural Re-sources, Oversight and Government Reform, the Budget, and Rules, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. HANNA (for himself and Mr. 
S
COTT of Virginia): 
H.R. 2411. A bill to support early learning; 
to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. THOMPSON of California (for 
himself, Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , Mr. 
CA´RDENAS , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. 
NEAL, Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New 
Mexico, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. V ANHOL-
LEN, Mr. T ONKO , Mr. K EATING , Mr. 
WELCH , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. T EDLIEUof 
California, Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of 
California, Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. 
HUFFMAN , Mr. R UIZ, Mr. E LLISON , Mr. 
BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, 
Ms. K USTER , Mr. C OHEN , and Mr. 
MCDERMOTT ): 
H.R. 2412. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to extend the credit for res-idential energy efficient property and the en-ergy credit; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mrs. WALORSKI (for herself, Mr. 
V
ISCLOSKY , Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mr. 
ROKITA , Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:41 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L19MY7.000 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3387 May 19, 2015 
MESSER , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. 
BUCSHON , and Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana): 
H.R. 2413. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 601 South Main Street in Elkhart, Indiana, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Jesse L. Williams Post Office’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. BURGESS (for himself, Mr. 
L
ONG, and Mr. S CHRADER ): 
H.R. 2414. A bill to facilitate the respon-
sible communication of scientific and med-ical developments; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 
By Mr. BURGESS (for himself and Mr. 
E
NGEL ): 
H.R. 2415. A bill to amend the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to provide for establishment of a streamlined data review program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. BURGESS: 
H.R. 2416. A bill to amend the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to evaluate the potential use of evidence from clinical experience to help support the approval of new indications for approved drugs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. BURGESS (for himself and Mr. 
C
UMMINGS ): 
H.R. 2417. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-
cation Act of 1965 to establish fair and con-sistent eligibility requirements for graduate medical schools operating outside the United States and Canada; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. DOLD (for himself, Mr. I
SRAEL , 
Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Ms. R OS- 
LEHTINEN , and Mr. C OLE): 
H.R. 2418. A bill to amend title 49, United 
States Code, to reduce the fuel economy ob-ligations of automobile manufacturers whose fleets contain at least 50 percent fuel choice enabling vehicles, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. BARTON: 
H.R. 2419. A bill to amend the Public 
Health Services Act to reauthorize funding for the National Institutes of Health; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. BARTON: 
H.R. 2420. A bill to reduce administrative 
burdens on researchers; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. BARTON: 
H.R. 2421. A bill to amend the Public 
Health Service Act to increase account-ability at the National Institutes of Health; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. SHIMKUS: 
H.R. 2422. A bill to amend the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to third-party quality system assessment; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. SHIMKUS: 
H.R. 2423. A bill to amend the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to valid scientific evidence; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. SHIMKUS: 
H.R. 2424. A bill to amend the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to training and oversight in least burden-some appropriate means concept; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. SHIMKUS: 
H.R. 2425. A bill to amend the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to the recognition of standards; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. SHIMKUS: 
H.R. 2426. A bill to amend the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to easing regulatory burden with respect to certain class I and class II devices; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. SHIMKUS: 
H.R. 2427. A bill to amend the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to advisory committee process; to the Com-
mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. SHIMKUS: 
H.R. 2428. A bill to amend the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to humanitarian device exemption applica-tions; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 
By Mr. M
CDERMOTT (for himself, Mr. 
BLUMENAUER , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. 
KAPTUR , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. C ONYERS , 
Ms. N ORTON , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. D EFA-
ZIO, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. 
HASTINGS , Ms. B ROWNLEY of Cali-
fornia, Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Ms. M OORE , 
Mr. R USH, Mr. M EEKS , Mr. H INOJOSA , 
Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. 
GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Il-
linois, Mrs. C APPS , Mr. C A´RDENAS , 
Mr. W ELCH , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. 
LARSON of Connecticut, Mr. D OGGETT , 
Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. L ARSEN of Wash-
ington, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. B RENDAN  
F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
CICILLINE , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. K IND, 
and Mr. S MITH of Washington): 
H.R. 2429. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to exclude from gross in-come any discharge of income contingent and income-based student loan indebtedness; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. LOWENTHAL (for himself, Mr. 
B
LUMENAUER , Mrs. B USTOS , Mrs. 
CAPPS , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. C A´RDENAS , 
Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Ms. 
JUDY CHU of California, Mr. 
CICILLINE , Ms. C LARK of Massachu-
setts, Mr. C LAY, Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. 
COHEN , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. C ONYERS , 
Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. D EGETTE , Ms. 
DELAURO , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. 
DESAULNIER , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. D OG-
GETT , Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. E LLISON , Ms. 
ESHOO , Ms. E STY, Mr. F ARR, Mr. 
FATTAH , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. 
GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. H IMES, Mr. H ONDA , 
Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. J OHN-
SON of Georgia, Mr. K EATING , Mr. 
LANGEVIN , Ms. L EE, Mr. L EVIN, Mr. 
TEDLIEUof California, Mr. L IPINSKI , 
Mr. L OEBSACK , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. 
LYNCH , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of 
New York, Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. M CCOL-
LUM, Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. M CGOV-
ERN, Mr. M CNERNEY , Ms. M ENG, Ms. 
MOORE , Mr. N ADLER , Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO , Mr. N OLAN , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
PASCRELL , Mr. P ETERSON , Ms. P IN-
GREE , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. 
PRICE of North Carolina, Mr. 
QUIGLEY , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. R OYBAL - 
ALLARD , Mr. R YANof Ohio, Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Mr. S CHIFF , Ms. S LAUGHTER , 
Mr. S MITH of Washington, Ms. 
SPEIER , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , 
Mr. W ALZ, Mr. W ELCH , and Mr. Y AR-
MUTH ): 
H.R. 2430. A bill to designate as wilderness 
certain Federal portions of the red rock can-yons of the Colorado Plateau and the Great Basin Deserts in the State of Utah for the benefit of present and future generations of people in the United States; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. AGUILAR: 
H.R. 2431. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide a credit against tax for job training expenses of employers; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. BEYER (for himself and Mr. 
N
OLAN ): 
H.R. 2432. A bill to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to provide for a gender equal-ity-focused investment option under the Thrift Savings Plan; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. BILIRAKIS: 
H.R. 2433. A bill to amend the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to enhancing combination products review; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mrs. BLACK (for herself, Mr. D
ANNY  
K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. M CDERMOTT , 
Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. M ARINO , 
Mr. L ANGEVIN , and Ms. B ASS): 
H.R. 2434. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide for a refundable adoption tax credit; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mrs. BLACKBURN: 
H.R. 2435. A bill to amend the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with regard to the Reagan-Udall Foundation; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mrs. BLACKBURN (for herself and 
Mrs. C
APPS ): 
H.R. 2436. A bill to amend the Public 
Health Service Act with respect to appro-priate age groupings to be included in re-search studies involving human subjects; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mrs. BLACKBURN: 
H.R. 2437. A bill to amend part B of title 
XVIII of the Social Security Act regarding high cost durable medical equipment, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. COLLINS of New York: 
H.R. 2438. A bill to amend the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to broader application of Bayesian statistics and adaptive trial designs; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. COLLINS of New York: 
H.R. 2439. A bill to amend the Public 
Health Service Act with respect to the Silvio O. Conte Senior Biomedical Research Serv-ice; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 
By Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina: 
H.R. 2440. A bill to amend the Public 
Health Service Act to improve loan repay-ment programs of the National Institutes of Health; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. GRAVES of Missouri: 
H.R. 2441. A bill to award a Congressional 
gold medal, collectively, to the 1st American Volunteer Group of the Chinese Air Force, also known as the AVG Flying Tigers, in rec-ognition of their service to the nation; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in ad-dition to the Committee on House Adminis-tration, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. GRIJALVA (for himself, Ms. 
L
EE, Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, 
Mr. C ONNOLLY , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. 
CARTWRIGHT , Ms. J UDY CHUof Cali-
fornia, Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. 
NORTON , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. C ON-
YERS , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. F ARR, Ms. 
KAPTUR , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. 
POCAN , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mrs. B EATTY , 
Ms. F UDGE , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. 
HAHN, Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. M OORE , 
and Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia): 
H.R. 2442. A bill to amend title XVI of the 
Social Security Act to update eligibility for the supplemental security income program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. GUTHRIE: 
H.R. 2443. A bill to amend the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to CLIA waiver study design guidance for in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L19MY7.100 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3388 May 19, 2015 
vitro diagnostics; to the Committee on En-
ergy and Commerce. 
By Mr. GUTHRIE: 
H.R. 2444. A bill to authorize the Commis-
sioner of Food and Drugs to award grants for studying the process of continuous drug manufacturing; to the Committee on Energy 
and Commerce. 
By Mr. GUTHRIE: 
H.R. 2445. A bill to express the sense of 
Congress with respect to enabling Food and Drug Administration scientific engagement; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. GUTHRIE: 
H.R. 2446. A bill to amend title XIX of the 
Social Security Act to require the use of electronic visit verification for personal care services furnished under the Medicaid pro-gram, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. HARRIS: 
H.R. 2447. A bill to amend the Public 
Health Service Act to provide for an NIH re-search strategic plan; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. HARRIS: 
H.R. 2448. A bill to amend the Public 
Health Service Act to authorize a program of high-risk, high-reward research; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. LEWIS (for himself, Ms. R
OS- 
LEHTINEN , Mr. B ECERRA , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mrs. C APPS , Mr. C A´RDENAS , 
Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. C LARK of Massa-
chusetts, Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. C ROWLEY , 
Mrs. D AVIS of California, Ms. 
DEGETTE , Mr. D ELANEY , Ms. 
DELBENE, Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. D OGGETT , 
Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsyl-
vania, Ms. D UCKWORTH , Ms. E DWARDS , 
Ms. K USTER , Mr. L EVIN, Mr. T EDLIEU 
of California, Mr. S EAN PATRICK  
MALONEY of New York, Ms. M CCOL-
LUM, Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. M EEKS , 
Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. N ADLER , 
Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. 
PETERS , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. 
RANGEL , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. 
SCHIFF , Mr. S WALWELL of California, 
Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Ms. 
TITUS, Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. V ANHOL-
LEN, Mr. V ARGAS , Mrs. W ATSON COLE-
MAN, Mr. Y ARMUTH , Ms. B ASS, Ms. 
JACKSON LEE, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , and 
Mr. L OWENTHAL ): 
H.R. 2449. A bill to prohibit discrimination 
in adoption or foster care placements based on the sexual orientation, gender identity, or marital status of any prospective adoptive or foster parent, or the sexual orientation or gender identity of the child involved; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. TED LIEU of California (for 
himself, Ms. P
ELOSI , Mrs. D AVIS of 
California, Mr. E NGEL , Mr. F ARR, Mr. 
PETERS , Ms. H AHN, Mrs. W ATSON  
COLEMAN , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. T AKANO , 
Mr. R USH, Mr. W ELCH , Ms. C LARKE of 
New York, Ms. L EE, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , 
Mr. P OCAN , Mrs. B EATTY , Ms. N OR-
TON, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , 
Mr. K ILDEE , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. E LLI-
SON, Mr. L EWIS, Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. 
QUIGLEY , Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. S EANPAT-
RICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. 
CA´RDENAS , Mr. S CHIFF , Ms. C LARK of 
Massachusetts, Mr. R UIZ, Ms. S PEIER , 
and Mr. H ONDA ): 
H.R. 2450. A bill to prohibit, as an unfair 
and deceptive act or practice, commercial sexual orientation conversion therapy, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 
By Mr. LIPINSKI (for himself, Mr. 
J
OYCE , Mr. H IGGINS , Mrs. L AWRENCE , 
Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. N ORTON , 
and Mrs. D INGELL ): H.R. 2451. A bill to amend title 23 and title 
49, United States Code, to strengthen domes-tic content standards, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. LONG (for himself, Mr. S
CHRA -
DER, and Mr. B URGESS ): 
H.R. 2452. A bill to amend the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to facilitating dissemination of health care economic information; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Ms. NORTON: 
H.R. 2453. A bill to amend title 40, United 
States Code, to authorize the National Cap-ital Planning Commission to designate and modify the boundaries of the National Mall area in the District of Columbia reserved for the location of commemorative works of pre-eminent historical and lasting significance to the United States and other activities, to require the Secretary of the Interior and the Administrator of General Services to make recommendations for the termination of the authority of a person to establish a com-memorative work in the District of Colum-bia and its environs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. PERRY: 
H.R. 2454. A bill to provide for the public 
disclosure of information regarding surveil-lance activities under the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act of 1978; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select), for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. PITTS: 
H.R. 2455. A bill to amend the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to precision medicine; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. PITTS: 
H.R. 2456. A bill to amend the Public 
Health Service Act to ensure the sharing of data generated from research with the pub-lic; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 
By Ms. PLASKETT: 
H.R. 2457. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to allow the work oppor-tunity credit to small businesses which hire individuals who are members of the Ready Reserve or National Guard, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. RICHMOND (for himself and 
Mr. S
CALISE ): 
H.R. 2458. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 5351 Lapalco Boulevard in Marrero, Lou-isiana, as the ‘‘Lionel R. Collins, Sr. Post Of-fice Building’’; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 
By Ms. SLAUGHTER (for herself, Mr. 
T
EDLIEUof California, Mr. R ANGEL , 
and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY ): 
H.R. 2459. A bill to amend the Federal 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to enhance the reporting requirements pertaining to use of antimicrobial drugs in food animals; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. ZELDIN: 
H.R. 2460. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to improve the provision of adult day health care services for veterans; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS: 
H. Res. 272. A resolution electing Members 
to certain standing committees of the House of Representatives; considered and agreed to. 
By Ms. BORDALLO (for herself, Mr. 
L
OWENTHAL , Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali-
fornia, Ms. L EE, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. R AN-
GEL, Mr. P IERLUISI , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. 
TAKANO , Mr. S CHIFF , Ms. J UDYCHUof 
California, Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , and Mr. 
MCDERMOTT ): 
H. Res. 275. A resolution supporting the 
goals and ideals of National Asian and Pa-cific Islander HIV/AIDS Awareness Day; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York (for herself and Mrs. B
LACKBURN ): 
H. Res. 276. A resolution honoring the Na-
tional Association of Women Business Own-ers on its 40th anniversary; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. SCHWEIKERT (for himself and 
Mr. H
ASTINGS ): 
H. Res. 277. A resolution honoring the Tu-
nisian People for their democratic transi-tion; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. SCHWEIKERT: 
H. Res. 278. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives that the United States should initiate negotia-tions to enter into a free trade agreement with Tunisia; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. UPTON: 
H.R. 6. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 
By Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: 
H.R. 2405. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause I, Section 8 of Article I of the 
United States Constitution which reads: ‘‘The Congress shall have the power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts, and Ex-cises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts, and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States.’’ 
By Mr. WITTMAN: 
H.R. 2406. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3—The Con-
gress shall have Power to regulate Com-merce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2—The Con-
gress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations re-specting the Territory or other Property be-longing to the United States 
Amendment II—A well regulated Militia, 
being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed. 
By Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania: 
H.R. 2407. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18. To make all 
laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing pow-ers, and all other powers vested by this Con-stitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof. 
By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois: 
H.R. 2408. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L19MY7.100 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3389 May 19, 2015 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I of the Constitution and its subse-
quent amendments and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States 
By Mr. SWALWELL of California: 
H.R. 2409. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8; Sixteenth Amendment 
By Mr. D
EFAZIO: 
H.R. 2410. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1, Clause 3, and 
Clause 18 of the Constitution. 
By Mr. HANNA: 
H.R. 2411. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. THOMPSON of California: 
H.R. 2412. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 
By Mrs. WALORSKI: 
H.R. 2413. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 7. 
By Mr. BURGESS: 
H.R. 2414. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Per Section 8, Clause 1 of the Constitution, 
Congress shall have the power to lay and col-lect taxes. Per the Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution, Congress shall have the power regulate Commerce with foreign Nations and among the several States. 
By Mr. BURGESS: 
H.R. 2415. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Per Section 8, Clause 1 of the Constitution, 
Congress shall have the power to lay and col-lect taxes. Per the Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution, Congress shall have the power regulate Commerce with foreign Nations and among the several States. 
By Mr. BURGESS: 
H.R. 2416. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Per Section 8, Clause 1 of the Constitution, 
Congress shall have the power to lay and col-lect taxes. Per the Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution, Congress shall have the power regulate Commerce with foreign Nations and among the several States. 
By Mr. BURGESS: 
H.R. 2417. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: ‘‘To regulate 
Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes’’ 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1: ‘‘The Con-
gress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States.’’ 
By Mr. DOLD: 
H.R. 2418. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3. 
By Mr. BARTON: 
H.R. 2419. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the 
Constitution states that Congress has the authority to ‘‘regulate Commerce with for-eign nations, and among the several states.’’ 
By Mr. BARTON: 
H.R. 2420. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the 
Constitution states that Congress has the authority to ‘‘regulate Commerce with for-eign nations, and among the several states.’’ 
By Mr. BARTON: 
H.R. 2421. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the 
Constitution states that Congress has the authority to ‘‘regulate Commerce with for-eign nations, and among the several states.’’ 
By Mr. SHIMKUS: 
H.R. 2422. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: To regulate 
Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
By Mr. SHIMKUS: 
H.R. 2423. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: To regulate 
Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
By Mr. SHIMKUS: 
H.R. 2424. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: To regulate 
Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
By Mr. SHIMKUS: 
H.R. 2425. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: To regulate 
Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
By Mr. SHIMKUS: 
H.R. 2426. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: To regulate 
Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
By Mr. SHIMKUS: 
H.R. 2427. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: To regulate 
Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
By Mr. SHIMKUS: 
H.R. 2428. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: To regulate 
Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
By Mr. M
CDERMOTT: 
H.R. 2429. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause I of Section VIII of Article I. 
By Mr. LOWENTHAL: 
H.R. 2430. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion 
‘‘The Congress shall have power to dispose 
of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property 
belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to prejudice any claims of the United States, or of any particular state.’’ 
By Mr. AGUILAR: 
H.R. 2431. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 and Clause 18 of Sec-
tion 8, of Article 1 of the United States Con-stitution. 
By Mr. BEYER: 
H.R. 2432. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 or Section 8 of Article I of the 
Constitution 
By Mr. BILIRAKIS: 
H.R. 2433. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress 
shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uni-form throughout the United States; 
By Mrs. BLACK: 
H.R. 2434. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United 
States Constitution. 
By Mrs. BLACKBURN: 
H.R. 2435. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mrs. BLACKBURN: 
H.R. 2436. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mrs. BLACKBURN: 
H.R. 2437. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. COLLINS of New York: 
H.R. 2438. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the US Constitution 
By Mr. COLLINS of New York: 
H.R. 2439. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the US Constitution 
By Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina: 
H.R. 2440. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The authority to enact this bill is derived 
from, but may not be limited to, Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. GRAVES of Missouri: 
H.R. 2441. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 Section 8 ‘‘. . . and provide for the . . . general wel-
fare of the United States . . .’’ 
‘‘. . . to make all Laws which shall be nec-
essary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers . . .’’ 
This legislation seeks to award the Con-
gressional gold medal, collectively, to the 1st American Volunteer Group of the Chinese Air Force. 
By Mr. GRIJALVA: 
H.R. 2442. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
U.S. Const. art. I, §§1 and 8. 
By Mr. GUTHRIE: 
H.R. 2443. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:41 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY7.053 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3390 May 19, 2015 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 The Congress shall have Power To lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; 
...  To regulate Commerce with foreign Na-
tions, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes; 
...  To make all Laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. GUTHRIE: 
H.R. 2444. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 The Congress shall have Power To lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; 
...  To regulate Commerce with foreign Na-
tions, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes; 
...  To make all Laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. GUTHRIE: 
H.R. 2445. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 The Congress shall have Power To lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; 
...  To regulate Commerce with foreign Na-
tions, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes; 
...  To make all Laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. GUTHRIE: 
H.R. 2446. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 The Congress shall have Power To lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; 
...  To regulate Commerce with foreign Na-
tions, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes; 
...  To make all Laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or 
Officer thereof. 
By Mr. HARRIS: 
H.R. 2447. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 Section 8 
By Mr. HARRIS: 
H.R. 2448. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 Section 8 
By Mr. LEWIS: 
H.R. 2449. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. 
By Mr. TED LIEU of California: 
H.R. 2450. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the 
Constitution, Congress has the power to col-lect taxes and expend funds to provide for the general welfare of the United States. Congress may also make laws that are nec-essary and proper for carrying into execution their powers enumerated under Article I. 
By Mr. LIPINSKI: 
H.R. 2451. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Con-
stitution, which allows Congress to regulate commerce among the several states. 
By Mr. LONG: 
H.R. 2452. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-
stitution, which states ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
By Ms. NORTON: 
H.R. 2453. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
clauses 14 and 18 of section 8 of article I of 
the Constitution. 
By Mr. PERRY: 
H.R. 2454. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8. 
By Mr. PITTS: 
H.R. 2455. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 
By Mr. PITTS: 
H.R. 2456. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 
By Ms. PLASKETT: 
H.R. 2457. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 (General Wel-
fare Clause) 
Article 4, Section 3, Clause 2 (Territories 
Clause) 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 (Necessary 
and Proper Clause) 
By Mr. RICHMOND: 
H.R. 2458. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Constitutional authority for this bill 
stems from Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. 
By Ms. SLAUGHTER: 
H.R. 2459. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I of the 
United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. 
By Mr. ZELDIN: 
H.R. 2460. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 9: Mr. F INCHER and Mr. A MODEI . 
H.R. 21: Mr. R IBBLE . 
H.R. 67: Mr. J EFFRIES . 
H.R. 167: Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
H.R. 169: Mr. B ENISHEK . 
H.R. 224: Mr. J EFFRIES and Ms. S LAUGHTER . 
H.R. 226: Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. S LAUGHTER , 
and Mrs. L AWRENCE . 
H.R. 232: Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania 
and Mr. C LEAVER . 
H.R. 244: Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. T HOMPSON of 
Mississippi, and Mr. R OGERS of Alabama. 
H.R. 303: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. W ITTMAN , 
Mrs. C APPS , and Mr. D EFAZIO. 
H.R. 343: Mr. W ITTMAN . 
H.R. 353: Mr. A BRAHAM . 
H.R. 382: Mr. P ERLMUTTER . 
H.R. 402: Mr. G ROTHMAN and Mr. 
FARENTHOLD . 
H.R. 427: Mr. C ALVERT . 
H.R. 429: Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 483: Mr. P ETERS . 
H.R. 532: Ms. J UDY CHUof California and 
Mr. S ERRANO . 
H.R. 539: Mr. L OEBSACK , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. 
NOLAN , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, 
Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. K ILMER , and Mr. B EYER . 
H.R. 540: Mr. R OUZER . 
H.R. 542: Mr. H IMES. 
H.R. 555: Mrs. N OEM. 
H.R. 556: Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. D ENT, and 
Mr. M OOLENAAR  
H.R. 564: Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS . 
H.R. 572: Mr. O LSON . 
H.R. 578: Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina, 
Ms. S TEFANIK , and Mr. B OUSTANY . 
H.R. 581: Mr. U PTON . 
H.R. 628: Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. 
LOEBSACK , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Ms. 
BROWNLEY of California, Mr. J OYCE , Mr. 
LANCE , Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina, and 
Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 672: Mr. B LUMand Mr. N OLAN . 
H.R. 700: Mr. Y ARMUTH . 
H.R. 721: Mr. H ILL. 
H.R. 761: Ms. M ATSUI . 
H.R. 767: Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania 
and Mr. C LEAVER . 
H.R. 784: Mr. N ADLER . 
H.R. 785: Mr. M EEKS , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , and 
Mr. G ARAMENDI . 
H.R. 793: Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi. 
H.R. 815: Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. P ETERS on, Mr. 
Rodney Davis of Illinois, and Mr. B ENISHEK . 
H.R. 816: Mr. B RAT and Mr. H UIZENGA of 
Michigan. 
H.R. 838: Mr. A LLEN . 
H.R. 863: Mr. U PTON , Mr. M ARCHANT , and 
Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 879: Mr. G ROTHMAN and Mr. B UCSHON . 
H.R. 913: Mr. K EATING and Ms. J UDYCHUof 
California. 
H.R. 923: Mr. P ALAZZO . 
H.R. 924: Mr. A LLEN and Mr. J ODYB. H ICE 
of Georgia. 
H.R. 969: Mrs. D AVIS of California and Mr. 
CRAWFORD . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:55 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY7.057 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3391 May 19, 2015 
H.R. 980: Mr. T AKAI and Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS 
of Illinois. 
H.R. 985: Mr. S MITH of Washington and Mr. 
HULTGREN . 
H.R. 986: Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. L UCAS , and Mr. P OMPEO . 
H.R. 999: Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana. 
H.R. 1002: Mr. R OKITA and Mr. P ETERSON . 
H.R. 1062: Mr. A MODEI and Mr. R ICEof 
South Carolina. 
H.R. 1087: Mr. B UTTERFIELD . 
H.R. 1089: Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. P ETERSON , and 
Mr. H ANNA . 
H.R. 1141: Mr. W ESTERMAN . 
H.R. 1174: Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. 
KATKO , and Mr. S ENSENBRENNER . 
H.R. 1175: Ms. E SHOO , Mr. L OEBSACK , and 
Mr. L IPINSKI . 
H.R. 1188: Mr. L IPINSKI and Mr. P OEof 
Texas. 
H.R. 1192: Mrs. H ARTZLER and Mr. P AS-
CRELL . 
H.R. 1194: Mr. V ANHOLLEN . 
H.R. 1197: Mr. H ONDA , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. 
NEAL, Mr. H IMES, Mr. M OULTON , and Mr. 
RICHMOND . 
H.R. 1221: Mr. B YRNE , Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. 
SCHRADER , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Ms. 
BONAMICI , Mr. K ILMER , and Mr. R OGERS of 
Kentucky. 
H.R. 1225: Mr. K INGof New York. 
H.R. 1234: Mr. L AUDERMILK . 
H.R. 1258: Mrs. D AVIS of California and Mr. 
BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1271: Mr. W ALZ. 
H.R. 1283: Mr. F RANKS of Arizona. 
H.R. 1284: Mr. C UMMINGS . 
H.R. 1299: Mrs. R OBY. 
H.R. 1300: Mr. L OBIONDO . 
H.R. 1312: Mr. R USHand Mr. Q UIGLEY . 
H.R. 1320: Mrs. L OVE. 
H.R. 1338: Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. K ELLY of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. D ENT, 
Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. R OUZER , Mr. P ITTS, 
and Mr. L OBIONDO . 
H.R. 1343: Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mrs. T ORRES , 
Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, and Mr. T AKANO . 
H.R. 1350: Mr. D ONOVAN . 
H.R. 1384: Ms. J UDY CHUof California and 
Mr. W ITTMAN . 
H.R. 1393: Mr. S IRES. 
H.R. 1398: Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 1399: Mr. H ONDA and Mr. L OBIONDO . 
H.R. 1401: Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Mrs. 
NOEM, and Mr. P OMPEO . 
H.R. 1404: Mr. Q UIGLEY . 
H.R. 1413: Mr. A LLEN . 
H.R. 1421: Mr. Q UIGLEY . 
H.R. 1450: Mr. B EYER . 
H.R. 1453: Mr. F LEISCHMANN . 
H.R. 1462: Mr. H ECKof Nevada, Mr. Y OUNG  
of Alaska, Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. B ISHOP of Geor-
gia, Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. D OGGETT , 
Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. H INO-
JOSA. 
H.R. 1475: Mr. V ANHOLLEN . 
H.R. 1492: Mr. B ERAand Mr. N OLAN . 
H.R. 1496: Mr. P ETERS . 
H.R. 1516: Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. 
BOST, Mr. G IBBS, and Miss R ICEof New York. 
H.R. 1519: Ms. B ROWNLEY of California and 
Mr. N OLAN . 
H.R. 1549: Mr. R OONEY of Florida. 
H.R. 1550: Mr. M EEKS . 
H.R. 1552: Mr. E LLISON and Ms. K USTER . 
H.R. 1555: Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. J ONES , Mr. 
MCCLINTOCK , and Mr. W ESTERMAN . 
H.R. 1559: Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. G ENEGREEN of 
Texas, Mr. R USH, Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New 
Mexico, Mr. B UTTERFIELD , and Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 1567: Mr. Q UIGLEY , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , 
and Mr. N OLAN . 
H.R. 1571: Mr. W ALZ, Mr. R USH, Mr. 
LOEBSACK , Mr. H ONDA , and Mrs. L AWRENCE . 
H.R. 1598: Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. S IRES, Ms. 
KELLY of Illinois, and Mr. S WALWELL of Cali-
fornia. 
H.R. 1604: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 1618: Mr. L OEBSACK . 
H.R. 1622: Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. P ETERS , Mrs. 
LAWRENCE , and Mr. S CHIFF . 
H.R. 1635: Mr. H UNTER , Mr. H ASTINGS , and 
Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 1644: Mr. M ESSER . 
H.R. 1671: Mr. B LUMand Mr. C ALVERT . 
H.R. 1675: Mr. H URTof Virginia. 
H.R. 1683: Mr. M ILLER of Florida, Mr. G ENE 
GREEN of Texas, Mr. R IGELL , Mr. A LGREEN  
of Texas, Mr. H ECKof Nevada, Ms. F RANKEL  
of Florida, Mr. C APUANO , Mr. G RAVES of Lou-
isiana, Mr. F ATTAH , Ms. L EE, Ms. S TEFANIK , 
Mr. M OULTON , Mr. T AKAI, Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. 
STIVERS , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. C OSTELLO of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. P AYNE , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  
JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. M ARINO , 
Mr. G OODLATTE , Mrs. R OBY, and Mr. R OUZER . 
H.R. 1684: Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. 
WALDEN , Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mr. N ORCROSS , 
and Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 1718: Mr. B OUSTANY . 
H.R. 1736: Mr. A SHFORD and Mrs. H ARTZLER . 
H.R. 1737: Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. 
SCHWEIKERT , and Mr. P ALAZZO . 
H.R. 1739: Mr. P OSEY , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. 
BUCK, and Mr. N UGENT . 
H.R. 1745: Ms. S LAUGHTER . 
H.R. 1752: Mr. S HIMKUS and Mr. D UNCAN of 
Tennessee. 
H.R. 1769: Mr. K ATKO and Mr. K INGof New 
York. 
H.R. 1777: Mr. G ROTHMAN . 
H.R. 1805: Mr. A MODEI . 
H.R. 1810: Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 1817: Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. B OU-
STANY , Mr. A LLEN , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. 
JOYCE , Mr. M ERCHANT , and Mrs. B LACK . 
H.R. 1833: Ms. D ELBENEand Mr. S COTT of 
Virginia. 
H.R. 1843: Ms. E SHOO . 
H.R. 1853: Mr. M ARINO , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. 
CICILLINE , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. F ORBES , Mr. 
DESANTIS , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , 
Mr. G ARRETT , and Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 1861: Mr. R OKITA . 
H.R. 1876: Mr. C ALVERT . 
H.R. 1877: Mr. L IPINSKI . 
H.R. 1886: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. J OLLY , 
Mr. N OLAN , Mr. R OSKAM , and Mr. S TIVERS . 
H.R. 1899: Mr. M EEKS , Ms. K ELLY of Illi-
nois, and Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 1919: Ms. N ORTON , Mrs. M IMIWALTERS  
of California, Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. J OYCE , Mr. 
LANCE , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. F ATTAH , 
Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. G IBSON , and Mr. 
SWALWELL of California. 
H.R. 1920: Ms. J ACKSON LEE. 
H.R. 1921: Ms. J ACKSON LEE. 
H.R. 1942: Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. L ANGEVIN , 
Mr. W ITTMAN , Ms. M ENG, and Ms. 
DUCKWORTH . 
H.R. 1974: Mr. S IRES. 
H.R. 1977: Mr. V ANHOLLEN . 
H.R. 1992: Mr. W EBER of Texas. 
H.R. 1994: Mr. D ESANTIS . 
H.R. 2008: Mr. G RIJALVA and Mr. Y OHO. 
H.R. 2014: Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 2017: Mr. H OLDING , Mrs. Mimi Walters 
of California, Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. H INOJOSA , 
Mr. S CALISE , Mr. K IND, and Mr. L ANCE . 
H.R. 2046: Mr. K IND. 
H.R. 2061: Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. C ARNEY , Mr. 
CRAWFORD , and Ms. D UCKWORTH . 
H.R. 2072: Mr. D ESAULNIER and Mr. T AKAI. 
H.R. 2076: Mr. S MITH of Washington and Mr. 
HUFFMAN . 
H.R. 2077: Mr. R OUZER . 
H.R. 2093: Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas. 
H.R. 2100: Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. Brendan F. 
Boyle of Pennsylvania, Mr. P ERRY , Mr. 
HANNA , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. B ASS, Mr. 
MCDERMOTT , and Mr. S MITH of Washington. 
H.R. 2156: Mr. R IBBLE , Ms. S EWELL of Ala-
bama, and Ms. Judy Chu of California. 
H.R. 2169: Ms. S LAUGHTER and Mr. K ILMER . H.R. 2191: Mr. L IPINSKI . 
H.R. 2205: Mr. R OYCE . 
H.R. 2110: Mr. B ERAand Mr. B YRNE . 
H.R. 2227: Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 2243: Mr. B LUM. 
H.R. 2247: Mr. M CKINLEY . 
H.R. 2259: Mr. M ESSER , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. 
OLSON , and Mr. G RAVES of Missouri. 
H.R. 2267: Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia and Mr. 
MESSER . 
H.R. 2268: Mr. L EVIN. 
H.R. 2270: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT and Mr. 
HUFFMAN . 
H.R. 2272: Mr. R IBBLE . 
H.R. 2276: Ms. W ILSON of Florida. 
H.R. 2300: Mr. M ESSER , Mr. P ALAZZO , and 
Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan. 
H.R. 2302: Ms. B ROWN of Florida and Mr. 
JOHNSON of Georgia. 
H.R. 2304: Mr. M ARINO . 
H.R. 2306: Mr. M ESSER and Mr. O LSON . 
H.R. 2315: Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. D EUTCH , and 
Mr. S TIVERS . 
H.R. 2316: Mr. P EARCE . 
H.R. 2330: Ms. B ASS. 
H.R. 2331: Mr. P EARCE . 
H.R. 2351: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 2354: Mr. P OSEY . 
H.R. 2371: Mr. M CNERNEY . 
H.R. 2372: Ms. M OORE . 
H.R. 2393: Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. S IMPSON , 
Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. 
CALVERT , Mr. G IBSON , Mr. N UNES , Mr. 
BRIDENSTINE , Mr. H UDSON , Mr. M ULVANEY , 
and Mr. C OLE. 
H.R. 2394: Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of 
New Mexico. 
H.R. 2403: Mr. J OYCE . 
H.R. 2404: Mr. D EFAZIO. 
H.J. Res. 9: Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina. 
H.J. Res. 13: Mr. B ABIN. 
H.J. Res. 22: Mr. T EDLIEUof California. 
H. Con. Res. 17: Mr. B RADY of Texas and 
Mr. G RAVES of Georgia. 
H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. P ERLMUTTER and Mr. 
DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. 
H. Con. Res. 40: Mrs. C OMSTOCK . 
H. Res. 12: Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. J ENKINS of 
West Virginia, and Mr. P ETERSON . 
H. Res. 16: Mr. B RAT. 
H. Res. 17: Ms. S TEFANIK . 
H. Res. 28: Mr. G ALLEGO , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. 
SMITH of New Jersey, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Ms. 
PINGREE , Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. C LARKE of New 
York, Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. B OST, Mr. M ARINO , 
Mr. M EEKS , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , 
Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, 
Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. K EN-
NEDY , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. 
WELCH , Ms. S TEFANIK , and Mr. P ETERSON . 
H. Res. 54: Mr. M ARINO , Mr. S COTT of Vir-
ginia, and Mr. N ADLER . 
H. Res. 130: Ms. F UDGE . 
H. Res. 194: Mr. N OLAN . 
H. Res. 233: Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. N EWHOUSE , 
Mr. C UELLAR , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. D IAZ-BALART , 
Mr. J OYCE , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. P OLIS, Ms. 
DEGETTE , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Ms. F RANKEL of 
Florida, Ms. G ABBARD , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, 
Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. T ROTT , Mr. C LEAVER , 
Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Mr. C ASTRO of 
Texas, Mr. C HABOT , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. 
KEATING , Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. 
CAPUANO , and Mr. M EEKS . 
H. Res. 249: Ms. N ORTON , Mr. R USH, Mr. 
RANGEL , Mr. H ASTINGS , and Ms. B ROWN of 
Florida. 
H. Res. 256: Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEY of 
New York, Mr. Y ODER , and Mr. P OCAN . 
H. Res. 259: Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-
ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS 
Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or 
statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:41 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY7.047 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3392 May 19, 2015 
The amendment to be offered by Rep-
resentative D INGELL or a designee, to H.R. 
1335, the Strengthening Fishing Commu-nities and Increasing Flexibility in Fisheries Management Act, does not contain any con-gressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. The amendment to be offered by Rep-
resentative S
MITH of Texas or a designee, to 
H.R. 2262, the SPACE Act of 2015, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as de-fined in clause 9 of rule XXI. DELETIONS OF SPONSORS FROM 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were deleted from public bills and reso-lutions, as follows: 
H.R. 1909: 
Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. 
HUELSKAMP , and Mr. T HORNBERRY . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:41 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY7.045 H19MYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S3009 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, MAY 19, 2015 No. 77 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Gracious God of all, we have heard 
glorious things about Your goodness. Let Your glory be over all the Earth. Our hearts make melodies to You be-cause of Your exceeding greatness. Thank You for Your faithfulness that endures forever. 
Today, give us steadfast hearts that 
we may honor You with our lives. Be near to our Senators, giving them a powerful awareness of Your presence. Lord, increase in them such knowledge, love, and obedience that they may grow daily in Your likeness. Grant us wisdom and courage for the living of these challenging days as You surround us with Your divine favor. 
We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C OT-
TON). The majority leader is recog-
nized. 
f 
TRADE 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, 
today we will continue our work on the trade legislation, which is before us. I know Senators on both sides are eager to offer amendments. Yesterday was a good start. We voted on a few amend-ments. We have a half dozen more pending, but we need to keep the ball moving. So let me again encourage 
Members of both parties to offer those amendments that they may have. Let me again encourage Members to work with the bill managers to get the amendments moving. 
We want to process as many amend-
ments as we can. We know we already lost a week to needless filibustering and delaying of this bill, which means one less week to have amendments con-sidered. So we need cooperation from the leadership across the aisle to en-sure we do not lose any more time. 
Our friends on the other side seem 
quite eager to let everyone know how uninterested they are in obstruction 
these days. You will not find a happier guy than me if that turns out to be true. So we will see if they dem-onstrate the spirit of cooperation they keep telling us about as we continue to debate trade. 
Either way, Members on both sides 
who recognize the benefits of trade to their constituents are determined to pass important export and jobs legisla-tion this week. I hope to see it pass by the same kind of overwhelming, bipar-tisan margin we saw in the Finance Committee a few weeks ago, because voting to improve this bill is one way to prove you care about the middle class. It is one way to prove you care about American jobs and American workers. 
One study tells us that knocking 
down unfair trade barriers in places such as Europe and the Pacific could boost our economy by as much as $173 billion and that it could support as many as 1.4 million additional Amer-ican jobs. 
In Kentucky, the study says it could 
bring almost $3 billion in new invest-ment and support more than 18,000 ad-ditional jobs. That is in my State alone. We know a lot in the Common-wealth about the benefits of trade. More than half a million Kentucky jobs are already related to international trade. We know that those kinds of jobs typically pay more than other jobs. Kentuckians also know that a lot of 
rhetoric on the other side of this issue does not always ‘‘stand the test of fact and scrutiny,’’ as President Obama put it. 
The 7,000 workers at the Toyota plant 
in Georgetown, KY, might agree. Fol-lowing a trade agreement we recently enacted with South Korea, they are 
now working hard to export Camrys— Camrys—made in Kentucky to Korean consumers. Given some of the over-heated language surrounding that U.S.- Korea trade agreement, you may be surprised to hear about these auto-motive workers in my State who are building Camrys in Kentucky and send-ing them to Korea. But the truth is that just about every serious public of-ficial knows that eliminating the re-strictions that hurt American workers and American goods is good for our country. 
It is something Republicans have 
long believed. It is an area where Presi-dent Obama now agrees, as well. It is an area where many serious Democrats also agree. So I hope we can join to-gether to score a victory for American workers. To get there, let’s work now to offer amendments, to get them pend-ing, and to engage in substantive de-bate rather than more pointless delay for its own sake. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
USA FREEDOM ACT 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, 2 years ago 
the American people first became aware that the National Security Agency was collecting private informa-tion about their phone calls. This is called the Snowden revelation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:02 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY6.000 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3010 May 19, 2015 
Under the banner of national secu-
rity, the National Security Agency was mining information about home phone calls and how long they lasted. They found out whom they were calling—and not only that. They found out whom the call was between. They also deter-mined how long that call lasted. 
NSA essentially was conducting a 
dragnet, without first attempting to determine whether that information was relevant to a national security problem. NSA ran this program under the authorities granted to them by sec-tion 215 of the PATRIOT Act, which ex-pires on June 1 of this year. The Amer-ican people were outraged by these rev-elations and Congress rightly acted. 
Last year, the House passed a bill by 
a vote of 303 to 121 to end the NSA’s so- called bulk metadata collection pro-gram and reform and extend the au-thority for this program. 
I brought a similar bill to the floor 
authored by Senators L
EAHY and L EE. 
There was a bipartisan group of Sen-ators who joined them to call for its passage. But sadly, the majority lead-er—at that time the minority leader— stood in the way of bipartisan reform. Instead of passing meaningful reform, he led a Republican filibuster of this bill. That was one of a couple hundred that was led by my friend. 
This year, Senators L
EAHY and L EE 
worked again with the Chairman and ranking Member of the House Judici-ary Committee on the USA FREEDOM Act, which ends the National Security Agency’s bulk collection program and extends and reforms the authorities under section 215 of the PATRIOT Act. 
There have been bipartisan and bi-
cameral calls for the Senate to take up that legislation. Yet again, instead of committing to bringing up this bipar-tisan bill, last month the senior Sen-ator from Kentucky introduced a bill that would extend the authorities for the National Security Agency’s bulk collection program for 5
1⁄2years. Then 
the Second Circuit, almost simulta-neously—within 24 hours of that deci-sion by the majority leader—found the bulk collection illegal. 
In reaction to the court’s decision, 
the House last week passed the USA FREEDOM Act by a vote of 338 to 88. By a four-to-one margin, the House voted to end the National Security Agency’s illegal bulk data collection program and reform its practices. 
But even in the face of that court’s 
decision, the majority leader stood once again against bipartisan reform. Instead of heeding the Republican-con-trolled House’s calls for reform, the majority leader introduced a bill that would extend the authorities for the National Security Agency’s illegal pro-gram for 2 more months. 
Congressman G
OODLATTE , the chair 
of the Judiciary Committee in the House, said they will not accept a short-term extension of the bill. This morning, Leader M
CCARTHY , the second 
ranking Republican in the House, said they will not accept any extension. That is exactly what the Speaker, Con-
gressman B
OEHNER , said. 
If we squander this opportunity to 
deliver sound reforms to this illegal program, we are handling our duties ir-responsibly here in the Senate. 
To stand in the way of reforming 
these practices is to ignore the voice of the American people. Just yesterday, a new poll commissioned by the Amer-ican Civil Liberties Union showed that 82 percent of Americans are concerned that the Federal Government is col-lecting and storing the personal infor-mation of Americans, and they do not like it. 
If we are unable to reform these prac-
tices, we are ignoring the ruling of the Second Circuit, which rejected the Na-tional Security Agency’s bulk collec-tion program, and we are not allowing the American people’s voice to be heard. 
I think, most importantly, if the sen-
ior Senator from Kentucky does not allow this commonsense reform simply with a vote on the Senate floor about what happened in the House, they are ignoring the rare bipartisan support that we have. 
Just last week, 190 House Repub-
licans voted to end the National Secu-rity Agency’s illegal program. There is bipartisan consensus in favor of ending this program. Many of the Republican leader’s own colleagues have called for it as well. 
Last week, Attorney General Loretta 
Lynch and James Clapper, Director of National Intelligence, wrote a letter to Senator L
EAHY , the ranking member of 
the Judiciary Committee. Both the At-torney General and the Director of Na-tional Intelligence voiced their support for the USA FREEDOM Act, saying: 
Overall, the significant reforms contained 
in this legislation will provide the public greater confidence in how our intelligence activities are carried out and in the over-sight of those activities, while ensuring vital national security authorities remain in place. 
I agree with that statement. But 
sadly, the majority leader continues to stand in the way of bipartisan reform to end these illegal practices. As we face the June 1 expiration of these au-thorities, the majority leader still of-fers no viable alternative. 
We cannot allow this program to be 
extended. The majority leader should listen to the American people because we cannot extend an illegal act. That is what the majority leader is asking us to do. 
The majority leader should listen to 
the American people, consider the ac-tion of his Republican colleagues, and respect the expertise of the intel-ligence community. 
The Senate should act now on the 
USA FREEDOM Act before it leaves for the Memorial Day recess and restore the confidence of the American people. 
f 
NOMINATIONS AND HIGHWAY BILL 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, we have 
heard so much about how great the Re-publicans are doing here, about how 
well things are working now. We are doing no nominations—none. We are 5 months into this Congress, and we ba-sically approved virtually no one. It is interesting to say there are not many names on the calendar to bring up. Why? Because they are not even hold-ing hearings on all the nominations. We always hear about the need for jobs—but not from my Republican col-leagues. We hear from us. One of the prime examples of that is the highway bill. It is about to expire. What are we going to do? Nothing. There is no pro-gram to extend this bill. It has already been extended short term 33 times. Think about that. We used to do bills here for 5 years, 6 years so that the di-rectors of transportation and all of these States around the country could plan ahead. 
We are being penny-wise and pound- 
foolish. We are having these short-term extensions, which are very expensive, creating no jobs. For every $1 billion we spend on these highway programs, we create 47,500 jobs. My Republican colleagues are ignoring this. 
What is the business of the day, Mr. 
President? 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business for 1 hour, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each, with the time equally divided, and the Democrats controlling the first half and the majority controlling the sec-ond half. 
The assistant Democratic leader. 
f 
DACA AND DAPA PROGRAMS 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, 14 years 
ago, I introduced a bill known as the DREAM Act. My friend and colleague Senator L
EAHY was the chairman of 
the Senate Judiciary Committee, and for the last 14 years we have tried to pass this basic law, and here is what it says: If you were brought to the United States as a child, and you were undocu-mented in America, but you have lived here without committing any serious crime and finished high school, we will give you a chance. If you will agree to at least complete 2 years of college or enlist in America’s military, we will give you a path to citizenship. 
I offered this legislation because so 
many young people—about 2
1⁄2mil-
lion—living in this country were brought here when they were infants, small children. They didn’t have any voice in the matter, their parents de-cided. They came to the United States. They have lived here as Americans. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:52 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MY6.002 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3011 May 19, 2015 
They stood in their classroom every 
single day and put their hand on their heart and pledged allegiance to that flag. That was their flag. What they didn’t know or didn’t understand was that they were undocumented. They don’t have a country. The laws of the United States are very clear. If you are one of those people, you have to leave. 
You have to leave for at least 10 years and then apply to come back in. I didn’t think that was fair. 
I introduced the DREAM Act. In fact, 
I had the support of the senior Senator from Utah as my cosponsor when I first introduced it. We could not pass it and make it the law of the land. So the day came when I appealed to the President of the United States, my former col-league from the Senate and the State of Illinois. He was a sponsor of the DREAM Act. I appealed to the Presi-dent to give these young people a chance. He took his power as President and issued an Executive order, and that Executive order said that if these young people would come forward, pay a substantial fee for processing, show that they have no serious criminal record and can show they had come to the United States years before, they would be given a chance to stay with-out fear of deportation. It is called DACA. 
Well, the President waited and chal-
lenged Congress to do something about it—pass the DREAM Act, pass com-prehensive immigration reform. Even though it passed in the Senate, with 68 votes on a bipartisan rollcall vote, the Republican House of Representatives refused to even call the measure for a vote. 
One year passed, 2 years have passed, 
and here we are—no action by the Re-publican leadership in the House of Representatives or, for that matter, in the Senate to move comprehensive im-migration reform. The President said: I am going to step up with my power as President and do what I can to deal with this issue. He said: Let’s have some standards. I will not allow any-one to step forward and ask for tem-porary status in this country unless they have been here at least 5 years. If they step forward, they have to pay a filing fee for us to process their appli-cation, and they have to submit them-selves to a criminal and national secu-rity background check. We don’t want anybody in this country who is a dan-ger to America. If they flunk that part of the test, they are finished and de-ported. And then they have to put their names on the books to pay their taxes in the United States of America while they are working. Under those cir-cumstances, we will give them the temporary renewable right to stay and work without fear of deportation, and then several years later repeat it, sub-mit an application again. The Presi-dent believes, and I share the belief, we will be a safer nation if we do that. 
There could be as many as 11 million 
undocumented people in this country who would qualify for what we call DAPA. They would have to pay a fee, 
pay their taxes, go through this back-ground check, and be subject to re-newal on a regular basis. 
Well, today, May 19, 2015, was sup-
posed to be the first day people would be allowed to apply for this new pro-gram—this DAPA Program, but unfor-tunately it has been stopped cold. It has been stopped by the Republican Party in the House and Senate and stopped by their efforts in court to stop this President. Oh, they have an alter-native. They stated their alternative. Their alternative is for these people to leave the United States. Their can-didate for President, Governor Rom-ney, said as much when he ran last time. They have no alternative plan. They want these people—millions of them—to leave the United States through voluntary deportation, as they call it. 
Well, the sad reality is that is not 
going to happen, and obviously the Re-publicans are not going to do anything to deal with our broken immigration system. There are casualties with this decision. One of them is Naomi Florentino. This attractive young woman was brought to the United States from Mexico when she was 10 years old. She grew up in Smyrna, TN. She was an amazing student and active in her community. 
In high school, she was a member of 
the National Honor Society, and she received the Student of the Year Awards for algebra and art. She served on the student council and played on the varsity soccer and track and field teams, where she was a shot-putter and discus thrower. 
Naomi’s dream is to become a robot-
ics engineer. In high school, she was a member of the robotics team, partici-pated in NASA’s Science, Engineering, Mathematics and Aerospace Academy, and she performed so well she won the Next Generation Pioneer Award. Naomi graduated from high school with an honor’s diploma, but Naomi’s immigration status limited her op-tions. The college counselor refused to help. The college counselor at her high school told her that since she was un-documented, she was on her own. 
She didn’t quit. She took mechanical 
engineering courses at Lipscomb Uni-versity in Nashville. She then went on to community college. These undocu-mented kids cannot get help while they are going to school. They do not qual-ify for the Pell grant or government loans. She was determined. She was not going to quit. 
At the community college, where she 
will be graduating this spring, she has an associate’s degree in mechatronics technology, a field that combines me-chanical engineering, electrical engi-neering, telecommunications engineer-ing, control engineering, and computer engineering. This fall Naomi will begin to work on her bachelor’s degree in en-gineering at Middle Tennessee State University. Remember what I said. She is on her own. She gets no help from the government to do this because she 
is undocumented. 
In her spare time—if you can imagine 
she has any—she continues to be very involved in her community. For 6 years, she was judge and mentor in en-gineering and robotics competitions. Since 2008, she has volunteered as a college mentor with the YMCA Latino Achievers Program in Tennessee. De-spite everything this young woman has achieved in her life, her future is to-tally uncertain. 
In 2012, President Obama said that 
under the DACA Program we are going to protect Naomi, and people just like her, from deportation. We will not give her government assistance to go to school, but at least she knows she will not be deported as long as she passes the test I mentioned earlier. 
She is now part of the work-study 
program at Nissan North America’s Smyrna, TN, plant. They want her. Wouldn’t you? This is the largest auto-motive manufacturing plant in the United States. 
As a maintenance intern, she assists 
with troubleshooting on their most so-phisticated equipment—this young lady with 2 years of community col-lege. 
She wrote me a letter, and here is 
what she said about the DACA Pro-gram: 
DACA has meant the opportunity of a life-
time for my academic and professional ca-reer. As a student at Smyrna High School, driving past the Nissan plant motivated me to be a better student—with hopes of, one day, being part of a company that is highly- regarded in my community. However, with-out proper work authorization, that goal seemed far-fetched. Today, it is a reality for me. I have learned that, given the oppor-tunity, hard work, patience and perseverance can pay off. 
Naomi and 600,000 DREAMers like 
her have stepped forward under Presi-dent Obama’s program. They are not going to be given any kind of award. They will just be given a chance. 
I don’t understand the Republican 
point of view. The Republicans would have us deport this young woman. Their attitude is: Send her back to Mexico. We don’t need her. 
She, unfortunately, came here be-
cause her parents decided to bring her here, and now she has to pay the price for her parents’ decision. Is that what America is all about? Is that what our system of justice is all about? 
Naomi will be an important part of 
our future, and thousands like her de-serve that chance. That is why today is a sad day. The President’s efforts to ex-tend this program and help others— parents of young DREAMers like this have been stopped cold by the courts and stopped cold by the Republican leadership. 
President Abraham Lincoln once 
said, ‘‘We cannot escape history,’’ and history is very clear, we are a nation of immigrants. My mother was an immi-grant to this country, and I stand here today as a Senator from the great State of Illinois. I am very proud of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:52 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MY6.004 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3012 May 19, 2015 
what she and her family did when she 
came to this country. 
Let us reward those who are willing 
to come to America to work and make it better. Let us give these young peo-ple a chance. Let us, once and for all, say this Nation of immigrants is proud of our heritage and prouder still of what immigrants can mean to our fu-ture. 
I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I just 
wish to praise the senior Senator from Illinois. He has been consistent on this issue since he came here. He was one of the architects of a major overhaul of our immigration system a year and a half ago, which passed by a two-thirds majority, by Republicans and Demo-crats alike. 
We have gone such a long way toward 
solving this problem. The Republican leadership in the House—even though the votes were there to pass it in the House—refused to bring it up. 
I am proud to align myself as a fol-
lower of the leadership of the Senator from Illinois, Mr. D
URBIN , on this issue. 
With the way we apply the laws now, 
I wonder whether my grandparents would have been able to come to Vermont from Italy and see their grandson become a U.S. Senator or would have seen their highly decorated son serve in World War II. I wonder if my wife’s parents would have been able to come from Canada so she could be born in Vermont. 
Come on. We are a nation of immi-
grants. Let’s welcome them. They can often make our country much stronger than it was before. 
I applaud the Senator from Illinois. 
f 
USA FREEDOM ACT 
Mr. LEAHY. On another issue, in just 
12 days, section 215 of the USA PA-TRIOT Act, along with two other sur-veillance authorities, will expire. And once again, the Senate Republican leadership is scrambling at the last minute to avoid a crisis of its own making. 
Last year, we had a chance to pass 
the USA FREEDOM Act of 2014, and I urged the Senate to pass it. A majority of Senators, but not 60, voted for it be-cause we all knew the expiration date for these surveillance authorities was right around the corner. We knew May 31 would arrive quickly in the new Con-gress. 
I did not want our intelligence com-
munity to face a period of uncertainty leading up to the sunset, and I also didn’t want the American people to have billions of their phone records stocked away in a government data-base any longer—especially as we have seen, in the case of Edward Snowden, just how insecure that database can be. 
That is why we spent months holding 
six public hearings in the Judiciary Committee and even more months ne-gotiating a bipartisan bill, which got the support of the administration, the 
intelligence community, privacy groups, and the technology industry. I think that is the first time we have had all of them together. 
Unfortunately, my attempts to avoid 
this last-minute chaos were blocked by the Republican leader last year. He said this was a matter that could wait for the new Congress. He said the new Republican majority would have a rig-orous committee process for important issues. 
Well, five months into the new Re-
publican majority, and with the dead-line looming, the Republican leader has just now turned his attention to this issue. 
The Republican-led Senate commit-
tees have not taken steps toward reau-thorization or reform. Instead, the ma-jority leader now proposes a 60-day ex-tension of a program that a Federal court of appeals just ruled is unlawful. The court ruled unanimously that it is unlawful, and they are saying, well, let’s just extend the bulk collection program for another 60 days. 
The majority leader apparently 
wants to do this to allow one of his committee chairmen to develop a last- minute ‘‘back-up plan.’’ This is why we tried to pass legislation a year ago. 
The House of Representatives is not 
going to pass a 60-day extension, nor should it. We should not extend this il-legal program for one more day, and we do not need to do so. After all, we have a solution in hand. Why try to ignore reality and go on with something else? 
We have a responsible solution. In 
fact, it is the only responsible solution. Broad consensus has developed around the bipartisan USA FREEDOM Act of 2015. 
The Attorney General and the Direc-
tor of National Intelligence wrote a letter in support of the bill. The FBI Director told me he supports it. This past weekend, the former chairman and ranking member of the House Intel-ligence Committee advocated for pas-sage of this legislation in an article in the Baltimore Sun. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that these materials be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Baltimore Sun, May 15, 2015] 
INTELLIGENCE REFORM BILLISIMPORTANT TO  
SAFEGUARDING OURSECURITY AND PRIVACY  
(By C.A. Dutch Ruppersberger and Mike 
Rogers) 
The USA Freedom Act will protect our se-
curity and privacy. 
A recent Baltimore Sun editorial described 
legislation to reform the government’s col-lection of Americans’ phone and email data as a sign that ‘‘bipartisan cooperation in Congress is not completely dead’’ (‘‘Reining in the surveillance state,’’ May 5). We’d like to remind The Sun that similar legislation to end the mass storage of this data passed the House by an overwhelming bipartisan majority—it garnered more than 300 votes, in fact—over a year ago. 
In our role as leaders on the House Intel-
ligence Committee, we drafted and intro-duced last year’s bill together with our col-
leagues on the Judiciary Committee, Reps. Bob Goodlatte and John Conyers. Our suc-cess provided the foundation for the legisla-tion that passed the House by an even larger margin on Wednesday. The USA Freedom Act ends the bulk collection of what we now know as ‘‘metadata’’—that big database up at the National Security Agency that con-
tains the phone numbers of millions of Americans will go away. The government will now have to seek court approval before petitioning private cell phone companies for records. The court will have to approve each application, except in emergencies, and major court decisions will be made public. 
We need this reform to keep our country 
safe. Section 215 of the Patriot Act, which is the part that legalizes much of NSA’s crit-ical work to protect us from terrorists, ex-pires in less than three weeks on June 1. If we do not reauthorize it with the reforms de-manded by the public, essential capabilities to track legitimate terror suspects will ex-pire, too. 
That couldn’t happen at a worse time—we 
live in a dangerous world. The threats posed by ISIS and other terror groups are just the tip of the iceberg. We also need strong de-fenses against increasingly aggressive cyber terrorists and the ‘‘lone wolf’’ terrorists who are often American citizens, for example. 
This bill restores Americans’ confidence 
that the government is not snooping on its own citizens by improving the necessary checks and balances essential to our Democ-racy. We helped write it last year, we sup-port it this year and we hope Republicans and Democrats continue working together on common sense reforms to protect our na-tional security and our civil liberties. 
MAY11, 2015. 
Senator P ATRICK J. L EAHY , 
U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Senator M
IKES. L EE, 
U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. 
DEAR SENATORS LEAHY AND LEE: Thank 
you for your letter of May 11, 2015, asking for the views of the Department of Justice and the Intelligence Community on S. 1123, the USA FREEDOM Act of 2015. We support this legislation. 
This bill is the result of extensive discus-
sion among the Congress, the Administra-tion, privacy and civil liberties advocates, and industry representatives. We believe that it is a reasonable compromise that pre-serves vital national security authorities, enhances privacy and civil liberties and codi-fies requirements for increased trans-parency. The Intelligence Community be-lieves that the bill preserves the essential operational capabilities of the telephone metadata program and enhances other intel-ligence capabilities needed to protect our na-tion and its partners. In the absence of legis-lation, important intelligence authorities will expire on June 1. This legislation would extend these authorities, as amended, until the end of 2019, providing our intelligence professionals the certainty they need to con-tinue the critical work they undertake every day to protect the American people. 
The USA FREEDOM Act bans bulk collec-
tion under Section 215 of the USA PATRIOT Act, FISA pen registers, and National Secu-rity Letters, while providing a new mecha-nism to obtain telephone metadata records to help identify potential contacts of sus-pected terrorists inside the United States. The Intelligence Community believes, based on the existing practices of communications providers in retaining metadata, that these provisions will retain the essential oper-ational capabilities of the existing bulk tele-phone metadata program while eliminating bulk collection by the government. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:52 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MY6.005 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3013 May 19, 2015 
The bill also codifies requirements for ad-
ditional transparency by mandating certain public reporting by the government, author-izing additional reporting by providers, and establishing a statutory mechanism for de-classification and release of FISA Court opinions consistent with national security. It establishes a process for appointment of an amicus curiae to assist the FISA Court and FISA Court of Review in appropriate matters. It provides reforms to national se-curity letters, requiring review of the need for their secrecy. The bill also closes poten-tial gaps in collection authorities and in-creases the maximum criminal penalty for materially supporting a foreign terrorist or-ganization. 
Overall, the significant reforms contained 
in this legislation will provide the public greater confidence in how our intelligence activities are carried out and in the over-sight of those activities, while ensuring vital national security authorities remain in place. You have our commitment that we will notify Congress if we find that provi-sions of this law significantly impair the In-telligence Community’s ability to protect national security. We urge the Congress to pass this bill promptly. 
Sincerely, 
L
ORETTA E. L YNCH , 
Attorney General. 
JAMES R. C LAPPER , 
Director of National Intelligence. 
Mr. LEAHY. But even more impor-
tantly, last week the House of Rep-resentatives passed the USA FREE-DOM Act of 2015 with an overwhelming vote of 338 to 88. At a time when the public says Congress is locked in par-
tisan gridlock, look at this over-whelming vote of Republicans and Democrats for the USA FREEDOM Act. Well, the Senate ought to do the same thing the House did. 
We can keep our country safe with-
out a government database of billions of Americans’ phone records. I think about Richard Clarke, who is a former counterterrorism official. He spent six months examining this program as a member of the President’s Review Group. He concluded the program has ‘‘no benefit.’’ We do not need it, and, more importantly, Americans do not want it. 
I fear that if Congress does not end 
this bulk collection program, it will only open the door to the next dragnet surveillance program. Next time it will not just be phone records. It might be location information or medical records or credit card records. That is why it is so important to stop it now. 
Some will say Congress doesn’t need 
to act because the Second Circuit has already ruled that this program is ille-gal. I have read the court’s decision, I agree with it, and I hope this panel de-cision will ultimately be upheld by the Supreme Court. But there are other pending lawsuits and it could be months or even years before we know how the courts will ultimately rule on this issue. 
In addition, the USA FREEDOM Act 
doesn’t just end bulk collection under section 215 and the other national secu-rity authorities; it also contains other important reforms that cannot be won through legal challenges, such as new transparency measures and a panel of experts from which the FISA Court can 
draw on for amicus support. So the courts made it very clear Congress has to act. 
Congress has spent years working on 
these issues, with numerous hearings. The Senate last year came up with ba-sically the same bill the House has just overwhelmingly passed. We shouldn’t be staying around here talking about whether we are going to go over the brink. We are going to put our intel-ligence community under pressure. 
The USA FREEDOM Act is a respon-
sible solution that can pass both Cham-bers today, including with a majority vote for it in this body today. Its en-actment will ensure that these expiring provisions do not sunset. I urge Sen-ators to support it. 
Let us not play politics with the se-
curity of this country. Let us talk about what really can be done, what has been done in a responsible, bipar-tisan way in the other body, and let us step up and do the same in the Senate. That is what I would urge, not this brinkmanship which will actually bring about the end of all of these pro-visions. Maybe some would like that. I think we have a better balance here with the USA FREEDOM Act. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum, 
and ask unanimous consent that the time be equally divided between the two parties. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SONNY DIXON 
Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, it is 
not often that anyone comes to the floor of the Senate to praise a jour-nalist one way or another; but in Geor-gia, on the 31st of May of this year, Sonny Dixon of Savannah, GA, will re-tire after 18 years of being the anchor at WTOC in Savannah, GA. 
Sonny Dixon is a rare breed indeed in 
terms of political reporters because he has actually been in elected office, serving for years in the Georgia Legis-lature, some of those years with me. I know him as a friend, I know him as a professional, and I know him as coastal Georgia’s best anchorman, period. 
He was awarded the Edward R. Mur-
row Award and the Associated Press award for best anchor in Georgia. He has been recognized by everyone who can do so for his professionalism, his knowledge, his skill, and his talent. 
It is a privilege for me to acknowl-
edge today on the floor of the Senate his 18 years of service as an anchor, his 10 years of service in the Georgia Leg-islature, and his lifetime of commit-ment to the greatest State of all, the State of Georgia, to the betterment of 
his community, to the betterment of Savannah, the first capital of the State. 
So as we take this moment in time to 
pause, I want to congratulate Sonny Dixon on a great career and a great recognition that is well earned. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ROY ROBERTS 
Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I would 
like to talk about Roy Roberts from Walton County, GA. It is not often that a Senator from Georgia rises to pay tribute to a Kentucky basketball play-er, but Roy Roberts played for the fa-mous Adolf Rupp in the 1960s and was an All-SEC basketball player for the University of Kentucky. He was a great player and made many all-star teams and received many awards, but he came back to Georgia to ranch and farm 1,000 acres, raise Hereford cows, and, with his two brothers, make Walton County, GA, the centerpiece of our State. 
He has annually participated in 
many things that involve politics and public involvement in Walton County and has helped to lead Walton County to be one of the leading Republican counties in the State of Georgia. 
Most notable is the Roy Roberts an-
nual barbecue, which takes place next Tuesday in Walton County, GA, where over 1,000 Georgians and Presidential candidates from all over the country will come to meet at Roy Roberts’ farm, enjoy a little barbecue, and enjoy the best of grassroots politics. 
Were it not for people like Roy Rob-
erts, we wouldn’t have the body politic we have, we wouldn’t have the democ-racy we have, and Georgia would not be the great State it is. 
I am pleased to rise today and com-
mend to everyone the work of citizen Roy Roberts, a great American, a great Georgian, and a pretty doggone good basketball player for the University of Kentucky. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
JUSTICE FOR VICTIMS OF 
TRAFFICKING ACT 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, it was 
just a few weeks ago that the Senate took up and passed S. 178, the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act. This bill took us a while to get through but ultimately garnered unanimous sup-port from this Chamber with a vote of 99 to 0. I am happy to report that the House of Representatives will take up and pass this bill later on today, and this vital legislation will then head to the President for his signature. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:52 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY6.006 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3014 May 19, 2015 
I thank my colleague and friend and 
fellow Texan, Representative T EDPOE 
of Houston, for serving as the chief House sponsor for this legislation. I also express my gratitude to the House leadership team and Chairman G
OOD-
LATTE of the House Judiciary Com-
mittee for their important work on this issue. 
This legislation, as we said before, 
will provide victims of sexual exploi-tation, slavery, and human trafficking in the United States with an avenue to find healing and restoration. Most im-portantly, the victims, who are often children, will have access to additional resources to ensure that they get the shelter and the services they need. I am thankful that Members from both Chambers and from both sides of the aisle were able to recognize the ur-gency of the matter and get the job done. 
While this bill represents a step for-
ward, there is more we need to do and more we will do to continue to fight the scourge of human trafficking. In the coming years, we will look back on this moment as a time when our coun-try finally began to get serious about this problem and heard the voices of the thousands of American victims in our own backyard. 
f 
TRADE PROMOTION AUTHORITY 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, this 
Chamber has now turned its consider-ation to trade promotion authority, or TPA. I am a supporter of this legisla-tion because my State is the largest exporting State in the country, and I think our economy and the number of jobs that are created in Texas are re-flective of our strong commitment to international trade. 
We simply find the point inarguable 
that to open new markets to the prod-ucts that our agricultural sectors grow, our ranchers raise, and our man-ufacturers make seems to be such an obvious thing to do. That is why I am a big supporter of this legislation. 
It is not something that just helps 
businesses; it helps consumers, too. Re-ducing the protections for domestically produced goods helps consumers most dramatically. It helps with their cost of living and helps make their daily or weekly or monthly paycheck go a little bit further. 
Earlier this week, the Wall Street 
Journal reported that U.S. exports to trade-pact countries were growing at a far higher rate than exports to nontrade-pact countries. So if we get this TPA passed and the United States enters into one of these agreements under negotiation, such as the Trans- Pacific Partnership, we could see American exports to the region sky-rocket. This region in particular in-
volves 11 other countries and makes up about 40 percent of the world’s econ-omy, and, of course, it would be a ready-market for U.S. products, from beef to electronics. 
The reason why trade promotion au-
thority is so important is because it makes no sense—in fact, I think it is 
almost impossible—to negotiate a trade deal with 535 Members of Con-gress. Congress gives the President the authority within very firm and clear directives on how the President’s U.S. trade administration should negotiate this. Frankly, I think this is one area where we have bipartisan agreement that this is good. So why wouldn’t we work together in the best interests of the American people and our economy? 
Trade doesn’t just help businesses, as 
I have said; trade and TPA also help the consumer by driving down prices they pay every day at the drugstore, the grocery store, the hardware store— you name it. This legislation is good for American exporters and good for American consumers. Put simply, trade is good for America. 
Let me reiterate that this bill is not 
filled with partisan rhetoric. It is actu-ally a very simple trade tool that will give Congress the authority to examine any upcoming trade deal the President is trying to cut and make sure the American people get a fair shake. 
I have heard several of our colleagues 
say they have gone down to a room to look at what has so far been negotiated on the Trans-Pacific Partnership. That is a good thing, but the fact is that ne-gotiations aren’t complete. That is not the whole deal; it is just a start. 
Many of the provisions in the TPA 
are just commonsense proposals. For example, if passed, TPA would give Congress the authority to access the full text of the trade agreement. Of course, it is hard to get more straight-forward than that. It would also make sure there is greater transparency and accountability in the negotiation proc-ess, with regular briefings by the ad-ministration to Congress and Members allowed to actually attend the negotia-tions. 
In short, this trade legislation will 
provide Congress the needed oversight of the trade negotiations and will act as a safeguard for American interests to make sure our markets and our goods and services remain competitive in the global marketplace. 
Finally, I would like to say that this 
is a reminder of how the Senate should function—as a deliberative body that votes regularly on a bipartisan basis to do something important to help hard- working American families. We vote. 
I hope we will have a series of votes 
later this afternoon. I think having an open amendment process, as the major-ity leader has promised, is something that has been found to be a welcome development not just for the majority but also for the minority, which I know wants to participate in the process and thus represent their constituents to the best of their ability. Although some of my colleagues from across the aisle do not support this legislation, I hope they don’t block it and prevent those of us who are interested in pass-ing a good trade promotion authority piece of legislation from working pro-ductively. I would encourage all of our col-
leagues on both sides of the aisle to offer their amendments so that the Senate can debate them and vote on them. That is our job as the elected representatives of the American peo-ple. 
I see TPA as a real opportunity to 
help American workers earn higher wages and send more American-made products around the world. I encourage our colleagues to support this bill and in doing so to lend support to the hard- working Americans who increasingly rely on trade to support their families. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CLARIFYING THE EFFECTIVE 
DATE OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF THE BORDER PATROL AGENT PAY REFORM ACT OF 2014 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H.R. 2252, which has been re-ceived from the House. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 2252) to clarify the effective 
date of certain provisions of the Border Pa-trol Agent Pay Reform Act of 2014, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed, the mo-tion to reconsider be laid upon the table, and that any statements relating to the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The bill (H.R. 2252) was ordered to a 
third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
TRADE ADJUSTMENT ASSISTANCE 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I rise 
today to urge my colleagues to support the reauthorization of trade adjust-ment assistance, which is included in the bill we are now considering. I urge my colleagues to oppose any attempt to curtail this vital program. 
Trade adjustment assistance—better 
known as TAA—plays an essential role in helping hard-working Americans who through no fault of their own lose their jobs as the result of what is often unfair foreign competition. TAA pro-grams enable displaced workers to ac-quire the new skills, the new training necessary to prepare for jobs in other industries. 
I am proud to have authored the bi-
partisan legislation with Senator R
ON 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:52 May 19, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MY6.009 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3015 May 19, 2015 
WYDEN to reauthorize TAA that is in-
cluded in the bill before us. Our legisla-tion forms the basis of the TAA provi-sions that are included in this bill. 
Maine workers have been hit particu-
larly hard by mill closures and shut-tered factories. In the last 15 years, Maine has lost 38 percent of its manu-facturing jobs, nearly 31,000 jobs in total. While not all of those job losses are due to increased and unfair foreign competition, there is no doubt that workers in the manufacturing sector in Maine have been harmed by the out-sourcing of their good-paying jobs to countries with much lower wages and environmental standards. 
This last year was particularly dif-
ficult for workers in Maine’s pulp and paper industry. In just the past year alone, the communities of Lincoln, East Millinocket, and Bucksport have all experienced devastating job losses due to the closures of paper mills. Those mills have been the financial an-chors of those small towns, providing good jobs for generations of families. The second- and third-order economic effects on other businesses and their employees in those small communities are also significant. 
In times of such great upheaval, laid- 
off employees need the time, the sup-port, and the resources to learn the skills that will enable them to seek and secure new employment opportuni-ties. These are skilled Americans who are eager to get back to work and who, with the right training, support, and opportunity, can find new jobs in in-de-mand fields. 
Just this spring, I visited the Eastern 
Maine Community College in Bangor. I had the opportunity to talk with a group of students who are former em-ployees of the Verso paper mill in Bucksport, which closed down last year completely unexpectedly. It was a huge and terrible surprise to the workers and to the community and surrounding area. But because of trade adjustment assistance, these former workers with whom I talked are now enrolled in a fine-furniture making program and are learning new skills for new jobs. 
I was so impressed with their deter-
mination and their attitude. It is very difficult, if you have not been in school for decades, to enroll in a whole new field of study, but that is exactly what these laid-off workers were doing. Their determination to start new ca-reers after years of working at the mill in Bucksport was inspiring. Each of them was enrolled thanks to the sup-port provided by the Trade Adjustment Assistance Program. Without that pro-gram, they would not have had the funding, the support, and the resources necessary to enable them to do a mid-life career change. 
Similarly, last year in Lincoln, ME, I 
met a woman who had spent many years working at the local tissue mill. This mill had a cycle of ups and downs over the years. When it was closed for a time years ago, this woman was thrown out of work, but her story had a happy ending. Through TAA, she was 
able to learn new skills and find em-ployment as a nursing home adminis-trator, where she has been happily em-ployed for a decade. It took a lot of courage for this woman who had been employed as a mill worker for many years to go into an entirely new career field, but she did so. She encouraged her fellow workers to recognize that through the Trade Adjustment Assist-ance Program, they too could find new skills, retrain in an area completely different from the work they had been doing, and have a happy ending. 
Her story was inspiring. Because of 
TAA, for 10 years she has been pro-viding for her family and contributing to her community. What a great return on investment. It would not have been possible without TAA. There are many more success stories like this one. 
I thank Secretary Perez for expe-
diting the TAA assistance these work-ers who are newly displaced have need-ed. 
I would also note that since Maine is 
the State with the oldest median age in the Nation, this woman really picked a very good field in which to enroll. As a nursing home administrator, her skills are going to be in demand as we see the changing demographics not only of the State of Maine but of our Nation. 
TAA programs have made a tremen-
dous difference in the lives of those I have described, in the lives of those working in trade-affected industries in Maine, such as pulp and paper manu-facturing, textile, and shoe production. 
In fiscal year 2013 alone, more than 
700 Mainers have benefited from the TAA programs, and more than 70 per-cent of the TAA participants in Maine have found employment within 3 months of completing their retraining programs made possible by TAA. Even more encouraging, of these partici-pants who found employment, more than 90 percent were still employed in their new jobs 6 months later. Without TAA, it is very unlikely that would have happened. 
Assisting American workers who are 
negatively affected by international trade—particularly when they are com-peting with workers with lower wages in countries with lower wages and lower environmental standards or none at all—is vitally important and the right thing to do. 
In Maine, the effects of free-trade 
agreements have been decidedly mixed. While some past agreements have brought benefits to my State in the form of lowered tariffs on Maine prod-ucts such as potatoes, lobster, and wild blueberries, jobs in many other indus-tries have suffered terrible losses as a result of unfair foreign competition. 
Our workers are the best in the 
world, and they can compete when there is a level playing field, but often-times they are competing against in-dustries in developing countries that are paying lower wages, that don’t have to comply with any kind of envi-ronmental standards, and that are often subsidized by those govern-
ments—and that is not fair. 
The least we can do is to reauthorize 
the trade adjustment programs which are successfully helping to retrain and reemploy American workers. That is a commonsense way we can help workers recover from the blows inflicted by some unfair trade agreements, so these Americans can start new jobs and new lives with fresh skills. 
I strongly urge my colleagues to sup-
port the reauthorization of trade ad-justment assistance and to oppose any amendments to end these vital pro-grams. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
F
LAKE ). The clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING 
BUSINESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning 
business is closed. 
f 
ENSURING TAX EXEMPT ORGANI-
ZATIONS THE RIGHT TO APPEAL ACT 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of H.R. 1314, which the clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 1314) to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determinations of tax-exempt status of cer-tain organizations. 
Pending: 
Hatch amendment No. 1221, in the nature 
of a substitute. 
Hatch (for Flake) amendment No. 1243 (to 
amendment No. 1221), to strike the extension of the trade adjustment assistance program. 
Hatch (for Inhofe/Coons) modified amend-
ment No. 1312 (to amendment No. 1221), to amend the African Growth and Opportunity Act to require the development of a plan for each sub-Saharan African country for nego-tiating and entering into free trade agree-ments. 
Hatch (for McCain) amendment No. 1226 (to 
amendment No. 1221), to repeal a duplicative inspection and grading program. 
Stabenow (for Portman) amendment No. 
1299 (to amendment No. 1221), to make it a principal negotiating objective of the United States to address currency manipulation in trade agreements. 
Brown amendment No. 1251 (to amendment 
No. 1221), to require the approval of Congress before additional countries may join the Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement. 
Wyden (for Shaheen) amendment No. 1227 
(to amendment No. 1221), to make trade agreements work for small businesses. 
Wyden (for Warren) amendment No. 1327 
(to amendment No. 1221), to prohibit the ap-plication of the trade authorities procedures to an implementing bill submitted with re-spect to a trade agreement that includes in-vestor-state dispute settlement. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MY6.011 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3016 May 19, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Utah. 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, as we re-
sume consideration of our TPA bill, I want to delve a little deeper into the process of considering and approving trade agreements. 
Throughout the debate surrounding 
this bill, I have heard the term ‘‘fast- track’’ used quite a few times. There was, in fact, a time when trade pro-motion authority was commonly re-ferred to as ‘‘fast-track.’’ Now, only TPA opponents use that term. 
They want the American people to 
believe that under TPA, trade agree-ments come to Congress and are passed in the blink of an eye. Sometimes they use the term ‘‘rubberstamp’’ as if under TPA Congress wielding ultimate au-thority over a trade agreement—the power to reject it entirely—is a mere administrative act. 
There is a reason the term ‘‘fast- 
track’’ isn’t used anymore. It is be-cause those who are being truly honest know the process is anything but fast. 
I think it would be helpful for me to 
walk through the entire process Con-gress must undertake before rendering a final judgment on a trade agreement, to show how thoroughly these agree-ments are vetted before they ever re-ceive a vote. 
Before I do, though, I will note for 
my colleagues that this bill adds more transparency, notice, and consultation requirements than any TPA bill before it. This bill guarantees that Congress has all the information we need to render an informed up-or-down verdict on any trade agreement negotiated using the procedures in this bill. Congress’s oversight of any trade agreement starts even before the nego-tiations on that agreement begin. 
Under this bill, the President must 
not only notify Congress that he is considering entering into negotiations with our trading partners but also what his objectives for those negotia-tions are. Specifically, this has to hap-pen 3 months before the President can start negotiating. That is 3 months for Congress to consult on and shape the negotiations before they even begin. 
Congress’s oversight continues as ne-
gotiations advance. 
This bill requires the U.S. Trade Rep-
resentative to continuously consult with the Senate Finance Committee and any other Senate committee with jurisdiction over subject matter poten-tially affected by a trade agreement. Moreover, the USTR, the U.S. Trade Representative, must, upon request, meet with any Member of Congress to consult on the negotiations, including providing classified negotiating text. 
The bill also establishes panels to 
oversee the trade negotiations. These panels, the Senate Advisory Group on Negotiations and the designated con-gressional advisers, consult with and advise the USTR on the formulation of negotiating positions and strategies. Under the bill, members of these panels would be accredited advisers to trade negotiating sessions involving the 
United States. 
Congressional oversight intensifies as 
the negotiations near conclusion. At least 6 months before the President signs a trade agreement, he must sub-mit a report to Congress detailing any potential changes to U.S. trade remedy laws. 
Then, 3 months before the President 
signs a trade agreement, he must no-tify Congress that he intends to do so. At the same time, the President is re-quired to submit details of the agree-ment to the U.S. International Trade Commission. The ITC is tasked with preparing an extensive report for Con-gress on the potential costs and bene-fits the agreement will have on the U.S. economy, specific economic sec-tors, and American workers. 
I want to focus on the next step re-
quired by this bill because it is a new requirement never before included in TPA. Sixty days before the President can sign any trade agreement, he must publish the full text of the agreement on the USTR Web site so that the pub-lic can see it. This ensures an unprece-dented level of transparency for the American people and gives our con-stituents the material and time they need to inform us of their views. 
Only after the President has met 
these notification and consultation re-quirements, only after he has provided the required trade reports, and only after he has made the agreement avail-able to the American people, may he fi-nally sign the agreement. 
The process this bill requires before 
an agreement is even signed is obvi-ously quite complex, full of checks and balances, and provides unprecedented transparency for the American public. 
However, once the President does 
sign the agreement, his obligations continue. Sixty days after signing the agreement, the President must provide Congress a description of changes to U.S. law he considers necessary. This step gives Congress time to begin con-sidering what will be included in the legislation to implement the trade agreement. 
This is also the time when the Fi-
nance Committee holds open hearings on the trade agreement in order to gather the views of the administration and the public. 
Following these hearings, one of the 
most important steps in this entire process occurs, the so-called informal markup. The informal markup is not always well understood, so I will take a minute to describe it. 
The informal markup occurs before 
the President formally submits the trade agreement to Congress. As with any markup of legislation, the com-mittee reviews and discusses the agree-ment and implementing legislation, has the opportunity to question wit-nesses about the agreement, and can amend the legislation. 
In the event of amendments, the Sen-
ate can proceed to a mock conference with the House to unify the legislation. The practice of the informal markup 
produces or provides Congress an op-portunity to craft the legislation im-plementing a trade agreement as it sees fit and to direct the President on the final package to be formally sub-mitted to Congress. 
While the informal markup is well 
established in practice, this bill, for the first time in the history of the TPA, specifies that Congress will re-ceive the materials it needs in time to conduct an informal markup. It re-quires that 30 days before the President formally submits a trade agreement to Congress, he or she must submit the final legal text of the agreement and a statement specifying any administra-tive action he will take to implement the agreement. 
The bill therefore ensures that Con-
gress will have all the materials it needs in time to conduct a thorough markup. Only at this point may the President formally submit legislation implementing a trade agreement to Congress, and only at this point do the TPA procedures, first established in the Trade Act of 1974, kick in. 
Once a bill implementing a trade 
agreement is formally submitted to Congress, a clock for consideration of that bill starts. This clock gives Con-gress 90 days in session to consider and roll out a bill. As everyone here knows, 90 legislative days takes a lot longer than 90 calendar days. When I hear my colleagues talk about ‘‘fast-track,’’ I think this is where they start the clock. 
They are disregarding the years of 
oversight and consultations that oc-curred during trade negotiations. They are ignoring the many months of con-gressional consideration of trade legis-lation that occurs before the President ever formally submits that legislation to Congress. They are discounting that by this point in the process, Congress has held hearings on the agreement, re-ceived views from the public, and ex-tensively reviewed the agreement and the implementing legislation through an informal markup. Calling this part of the process fast-track is like skip-ping to the end of a book and saying the author did not develop a plot. 
As I said, even here at the end of the 
process, the bill provides more than 3 months for hearings, committee ac-tion, floor debate, and votes. Some-times I think that only a United States Senator could argue that more than 3 months to formally consider legisla-tion—legislation that has already been thoroughly debated, vetted, and re-viewed—is making decisions too fast. 
When Congress votes on an imple-
menting bill, it is only after years of oversight and months of formal review. So I have to ask, does this process seem fast to you? If TPA is not fast, then what does TPA do? Put simply, TPA guarantees a vote. TPA says to the world that when they sign an agreement with the United States, Congress promises to say yes or no to that agreement. Most importantly, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MY6.013 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3017 May 19, 2015 
TPA guarantees that Congress will 
have the information in the time we need to make that decision. 
Without TPA, we are essentially tell-
ing the President to try to negotiate the price of a house, and then after buying that home, we are asking to re-negotiate with the sellers. This would be absurd and rob Americans of finan-cial opportunities, employment, and a fair world marketplace they can only get from free-trade agreements. 
Once again, I urge all my colleagues 
to support the bill. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Hampshire. 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, I 
come to the floor today to discuss two amendments that are pending to the trade bill. I want to begin by thanking Chairman H
ATCH and Ranking Member 
WYDEN , as well as Senators M CCONNELL  
and R EID, for working with me to make 
these amendments pending. 
I believe it is important that we have 
an amendment process as we consider granting trade promotion authority to the President. Enacting the bill before us will have major impacts on our Na-tion’s economy for years to come, and Senators should have an opportunity to improve the product reported by the Committee on Finance. 
The trade promotion authority bill 
by its very nature demands that Sen-ators be able to debate and vote on key trade issues. That is because the trade promotion authority bill creates a process by which trade agreements are submitted to Congress for approval without the opportunity to change them on the House or Senate floor. So it is critical that we utilize the oppor-tunity we have now to set the rules of the road for future trade agreements and to enact important trade reforms. 
Today, I would like to discuss two 
amendments I believe will strengthen the trade package. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1227 
As ranking member of the small busi-
ness committee, it is my responsibility to look at bills on the Senate floor and ask: How does this affect small busi-nesses? How will they benefit or be harmed? How can we improve this bill so that small businesses have a seat at the table? 
I think that is especially important 
as we talk about trade. Trade has be-come increasingly vital for small busi-nesses that are looking to diversify and grow. Yet, even though 95 percent of the world’s customers live outside of the United States, less than 1 percent of our small- and medium-sized busi-nesses are exporting to global markets. By comparison, over 40 percent of large businesses sell their products overseas. As we consider this trade package, we must make sure small businesses have a seat at the table and the resources they need to sell overseas. 
The amendment I filed incorporates 
bipartisan, commonsense measures that will help small businesses take ad-vantage of trade opportunities. It reau-thorizes the SBA’s State Trade and Ex-
port Promotion Grant Program. This program, known as STEP, was created as a pilot program to help States work with small businesses to succeed in the international marketplace. In just a few years, STEP has been a great suc-cess. Since 2011, it has supported over $900 million in U.S. small business ex-ports, producing a return on invest-ment of 15 to 1 for taxpayers. 
It has helped small businesses such 
as Corfin Industries, located in Salem, NH. Before STEP, Corfin’s inter-national sales were just 2 percent. Now they are up to 12 percent. As a result, the company has added 22 employees. That is the kind of job growth we will see in our small businesses when we make sure they are part of our trade agenda. 
Reauthorizing the successful STEP 
Program is a commonsense way to make sure our small businesses can benefit from trade, and it builds on bi-partisan legislation that was first in-troduced by Senator C
ANTWELL , who 
was just on the floor, Senator C OLLINS , 
and me. 
The amendment also takes a number 
of steps to make it easier for small businesses to access export services provided by the Federal Government. It encourages those Federal agencies, such as the Small Business Adminis-tration and the Department of Com-merce, to work hand in hand with State trade agencies that have on-the- ground knowledge of local needs. 
Finally, the amendment makes sure 
we understand how trade agreements negotiated under trade promotion au-thority will affect small businesses. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
small business amendment, and I hope we can reauthorize the Ex-Im Bank so that our small businesses can access that funding and get into those inter-national markets. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1226 
The second amendment I would like 
to discuss is an amendment Senator M
CCAIN, who is on the floor, and I have 
filed to repeal a harmful, job-killing program—the USDA Catfish Inspection Program. This is something Senator M
CCAINhas been working on for years. 
I have joined him in recent years to try to address the concerns I have heard from companies in New Hampshire that are going to be affected by that new USDA Catfish Inspection Program. 
Back in 2008, a provision was added 
to the farm bill that transferred the in-spection of catfish—only catfish—from the FDA, which inspects all foreign and domestic fish products, to the U.S. De-partment of Agriculture. It required USDA to set up a new, separate pro-gram to inspect catfish alone. 
I think this is a wasteful, duplicative 
program that will hurt seafood-proc-essing businesses across the country. There is no scientific or food safety benefit here. In fact, officials from FDA and USDA have explicitly stated that catfish is a low-risk food. In nine separate reports, the Government Ac-countability Office has recommended 
eliminating this program. 
Even worse, this program is actually 
a thinly disguised trade barrier against foreign catfish. We are facing an imme-diate 5- to 7-year ban on imported cat-fish as soon as the USDA program is up and running. As a result, our trading partners are explicitly threatening re-taliation. And since there is no sci-entific basis for this program, any WTO nation that currently exports catfish to the United States could challenge it and secure WTO-sanctioned trade retal-iation against a wide range of U.S. ex-port industries, including beef, soy, poultry, pork, grain, fruit, or cotton. The program is becoming a major issue of concern in Trans-Pacific Partnership negotiations. 
The only other time the Senate has 
voted on this issue was in 2012 when we voted to repeal it in a bipartisan voice vote. But since then, we have been de-nied the opportunity to address this issue on the floor. I think it is very im-portant that we have an opportunity to vote on this amendment because the USDA is poised to begin its inspection of catfish very soon. This may be our last chance to solve this problem be-fore the program’s harmful effects begin. 
Again, we need an opportunity to 
vote on this amendment. I urge my col-leagues to support it and to repeal the duplicative USDA Catfish Inspection Program. 
I look forward to hearing what my 
colleague Senator M
CCAINhas to say. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Arizona. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I wish to 
thank the Senator from New Hamp-shire for her support and continuing ef-forts to get rid of this wasteful, pork barrel, outrageous program that has cost the taxpayers tens of millions of dollars and with regard to the catfish office alone, about $20 million to date. As the Senator from New Hampshire pointed out, this could put the entire TPP—Trans-Pacific Partnership— Agreement in jeopardy. So this has a lot more to do with just catfish here; it has a lot to do with our international relations and the prospects of con-cluding or not concluding one of the most important trade agreements ar-guably of the 21st century, obviously. 
I am pleased to join my colleagues, 
Senators S
HAHEEN , AYOTTE , ISAKSON , 
KIRK, C RAPO , R ISCH, C ASEY , R EED, 
PETERS , W YDEN , W ARNER , CANTWELL , 
and M CCASKILL , in introducing this 
amendment, which has already been made pending to the trade promotion authority act, which would repeal a proposed Catfish Inspection Program at the U.S. Department of Agriculture. The amendment would end the waste of taxpayer money pouring into the cre-ation of a USDA catfish office, which is about $20 million to date. It would also 
save American farmers and livestock growers from potentially losing bil-lions of dollars in lost market access to Asian nations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MY6.015 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3018 May 19, 2015 
As the Senator from New Hampshire 
pointed out, I have been fighting this catfish battle for a long time. I first tried to kill an old catfish-labeling pro-gram in the 2002 farm bill. Later, dur-ing the Senate’s debate on the 2012 farm bill, I offered a similar amend-ment to repeal this new catfish pro-gram, which was adopted by voice vote. But when the Senate took up the 2014 farm bill after failing to pass it in 2012, 
I was blocked from having a vote by the Democratic manager despite her assurances that my amendment would receive a vote. 
I note that my dear friend from Mis-
sissippi is here, and I know there may be others who will want to preserve this $14 to $20 million waste of tax-payer dollars. All I want is a vote. All I am asking for is an up-or-down vote on whether we should continue to squander millions of taxpayer dollars on a program that is not only duplica-tive but endangers the entire Trans-Pa-cific Partnership Agreement we are discussing today. 
American agriculture is the heart of 
our efforts to pass TPA, particularly as negotiators move closer to completing the Trans-Pacific Partnership Agree-ment. TPA can put wind in the sails of the 12-nation TPP, which will promote hundreds of billions of dollars of Amer-ican exports, including beef, pork, poultry, soy, wheat, vegetables, and dairy products. The TPP covers an area of the world that accounts for about 40 percent of global GDP and one-third of all trade. The TPP will strengthen our security relationships with countries such as Japan, Malaysia, Vietnam, and Australia, and provide a strategic counterweight to Chinese protectionist influence. So it is our responsibility to pass a trade promotion authority that signals to Asian trading partners that we are serious about free trade. 
Free trade is good for America. I am 
a representative of a State that has im-measurably benefited from the North American Free Trade Agreement. 
By the way, many of the same inter-
ests and people who opposed that are opposing this now—i.e., primarily the labor unions. 
Here, that means eliminating this 
catfish program, which is one of the most brazen and reckless protectionist programs that I have encountered in my time in the Senate. The purpose of the USDA catfish office is purportedly to make sure catfish is safe for human consumption. I am all in favor of en-suring that American consumers enjoy wholesome catfish. The problem is that the Food and Drug Administration al-ready inspects all seafood, including catfish. 
The true purpose of the catfish pro-
gram is to create a trade barrier to protect a small handful of catfish farm-ers in two or three Southern States. Let’s be clear about what this is all about—protecting catfish farmers in two or three Southern States. Yet, we are endangering the entire agreement here. That is not right, and it is not right for the American people. In classic farm bill politics, southern 
catfish farmers worked up some spe-cious talking points—which will prob-ably be repeated here today—about how Americans need a whole new gov-ernment agency to inspect catfish im-ports. As a result, USDA will soon hire and train roughly 95 catfish inspectors to work right alongside the FDA in-spector doppelgangers in seafood-proc-essing plants across the Nation. Ex-perts say it could take as long as 5 to 7 years for foreign catfish exporters to duplicate USDA’s new program, which would give southern catfish farmers a lock on the American seafood market. 
Growing government is not cheap. To 
date, the USDA has spent $20 million to set up the catfish office without in-specting a single catfish. I am not making that up. Moving forward, the USDA estimates it will spend around $14 million a year once the program is operational. 
GAO has investigated this catfish of-
fice and warned Congress in nine dif-ferent reports—nine different reports to GAO, which is probably clearly the most trusted organization here—nine different reports. The catfish office should be repealed. It is wasteful and duplicative. The FDA already inspects seafood. It fragments our food inspec-tion system. Nine different reports. One GAO report is simply titled ‘‘Re-sponsibility for Inspecting Catfish Should Not Be Assigned to USDA.’’ The Government Accountability Office has repeatedly found that catfish inspec-tors are a phony issue and warned that implementing the USDA program might actually make food less safe for Americans by fragmenting seafood in-spections across two Federal agencies. 
Here are a few GAO excerpts. GAO, May 2012: 
USDA uses outdated and limited informa-
tion as its scientific basis for catfish inspec-tion. The cost effectiveness of the catfish in-spection program is unclear because USDA would oversee a small fraction of all seafood imports while FDA, using its enhanced au-thorities, could undertake oversight of all imported seafood. 
GAO, February 2013: 
Congress should consider repealing provi-
sions of the Farm Bill that assigned USDA responsibility for examining and inspecting catfish. 
GAO, April 2014: 
We suggested that Congress consider re-
pealing these provisions of the 2008 Farm Bill. However, the 2014 Farm Bill instead modified these provisions to require the Sec-retary of Agriculture to enter into a memo-randum of understanding with the Commis-sioner of FDA that would ensure that inspec-tion of catfish conducted by the FSIS and FDA are not duplicative. We maintain that such an MOU does not address the funda-mental problem, which is that FSIS’s catfish program, if implemented, would result in du-plication of activities and an inefficient use of taxpayer funds. Duplication would result if facilities that process both catfish and other seafood were inspected by both FSIS and FDA. 
Even if my colleagues do not care 
about ballooning government spending and taxpayer waste, then consider the risk this catfish program presents to 
jobs and agriculture exports from their home States to an area of the world that accounts for 40 percent of the world’s GDP and one-third of its trade. 
Ten Asian-Pacific nations have sent 
letters to the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative warning that this USDA catfish office is hurting TPP ne-gotiations. At least one nation—Viet-nam—has threatened trade retaliation if the program comes online. 
American trade experts are equally 
outraged. In a legal opinion written by the former chief judge at the World Trade Organization—the chief judge at the World Trade Organization said: 
The United States would face a daunting 
challenge in defending the catfish rule . . . there was, and still is, no meaningful evi-dence that catfish—domestic or imported— posed a significant health hazard when Con-gress acted in 2008 . . . the complete lack of scientific evidence to justify the catfish rule combines with substantial evidence of pro-tectionist intent. 
He further notes that when it came 
to creating the USDA Catfish Inspec-tion Program in the dead of night using a farm bill conference report— that is interesting, my colleagues; a farm bill conference report was how this whole thing came about—‘‘Con-gress shot first and asked questions later.’’ 
This is perhaps Mr. Bacchus’s most 
poignant warning: 
If Congress continues to mandate the 
transfer of jurisdiction over catfish, it will not only be inviting a WTO challenge to the rule; it will be giving other nations an open-ing to enact ‘‘copycat legislation’’ which will disadvantage our exports. Moreover, if the United States somehow prevails in defending the catfish measure in a WTO case, it will truly be ‘‘open season’’ in the rest of the world for new restrictions on U.S. agri-culture exports of all kinds. 
Mr. Bacchus is not alone in his as-
sessment. The Wall Street Journal has covered this catfish debacle over the years. The Wall Street Journal has edi-torialized and reported on this many times. 
This past weekend, the editorial 
board of the Wall Street Journal penned an editorial entitled ‘‘Congress’s Catfish Trade Scam.’’ 
The Wall Street Journal, lead edi-
torial, ‘‘Congress’s Catfish Trade Scam.’’ 
‘‘The U.S. slams a trade partner and 
raises prices for Americans.’’ 
‘‘Senate Democrats dealt a blow to 
economic growth Tuesday by refusing to advance . . . Japan, Vietnam,’’ et cetera. 
The problem dates to 2002, when Congress 
barred Vietnamese exporters from mar-keting as ‘‘catfish’’ an Asian cousin known as pangasius with similar taste, texture and whiskers. But that failed to curb American enthusiasm for the cheaper foreign creature, which is common in fish sticks and often called ‘‘basa’’ or ‘‘swai’’ on menus. So in 2003 Washington slapped tariffs on the Viet-namese fish, claiming they were ‘‘dumped’’ into the U.S. market at unfairly low prices. 
That didn’t work either, so Mississippi Re-
publican Thad Cochran slipped a provision into the 2008 farm bill to transfer regulatory 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:02 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MY6.016 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3019 May 19, 2015 
responsibility over catfish, including 
pangasius, to the U.S. Department of Agri-culture from the Food and Drug Administra-tion. The pretext was public health, but pangasius posed no risk, and the USDA regu-lates meat and poultry, not fish. The real aim was to raise costs for Vietnamese ex-porters and drive them from the U.S. mar-ket. 
Thus was born one of Washington’s most 
wasteful programs, which the Government Accountability Office has criticized nine times and estimated to have cost $30 million to start, plus $14 million a year to operate— as opposed to the $700,000 annual cost of the original inspection regime. This is ‘‘every-thing that’s wrong about the food-safety sys-tem,’’ said former FDA food-safety czar David Acheson recently. ‘‘It’s food politics. It’s not public health.’’ 
Pangasius imports continue for now as the 
USDA sets up its expensive new office, with the fish passing cod and crab last year to be-come America’s sixth most-popular. (Shrimp is first.) Meanwhile, Vietnam has threatened to respond to a ban by demanding the right to retaliate against U.S. beef, soybeans and other products as part of TPP negotiations and suing the World Trade Organization, where it would probably win. 
Most Members of Congress understand the 
damage, but Mr. C
OCHRAN has used his se-
niority to block repeal. The latest effort at repeal, sponsored by J
OHNMCCAINand nine 
other Republicans and Democrats, could get a vote when the Senate reconsiders the trade-promotion bill, then would have to go through the House. Ending catfish protec-tionism would be a sign that at least some in Washington are serious about free trade. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent to have printed in the R ECORD the 
aforementioned Wall Street Journal editorial. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Wall Street Journal, May 14, 2015] 
CONGRESS ’SCATFISH TRADE SCAM 
Senate Democrats dealt a blow to eco-
nomic growth Tuesday by refusing to ad-vance the trade-promotion bill needed to complete the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade pact (TPP). Now Japan, Vietnam and other negotiating partners will look to see if Washington can salvage its trade agenda. They’ll also be watching Congressional jock-eying over catfish. Allow us to explain. 
The problem dates to 2002, when Congress 
barred Vietnamese exporters from mar-keting as ‘‘catfish’’ an Asian cousin known as pangasius with similar taste, texture and whiskers. But that failed to curb American enthusiasm for the cheaper foreign creature, which is common in fish sticks and often called ‘‘basa’’ or ‘‘swai’’ on menus. So in 2003 Washington slapped tariffs on the Viet-namese fish, claiming they were ‘‘dumped’’ into the U.S. market at unfairly low prices. 
That didn’t work either, so Mississippi Re-
publican Thad Cochran slipped a provision into the 2008 farm bill to transfer regulatory responsibility over catfish, including pangasius, to the U.S. Department of Agri-culture from the Food and Drug Administra-tion. The pretext was public health, but pangasius posed no risk, and the USDA regu-lates meat and poultry, not fish. The real aim was to raise costs for Vietnamese ex-porters and drive them from the U.S. mar-ket. 
Thus was born one of Washington’s most 
wasteful programs, which the Government Accountability Office has criticized nine times and estimated to have cost $30 million to start, plus $14 million a year to operate— as opposed to the $700,000 annual cost of the original inspection regime. This is ‘‘every-thing that’s wrong about the food-safety sys-tem,’’ said former FDA food-safety czar 
David Acheson recently. ‘‘It’s food politics. It’s not public health.’’ 
Pangasius imports continue for now as the 
USDA sets up its expensive new office, with the fish passing cod and crab last year to be-come America’s sixth most-popular. (Shrimp is first.) Meanwhile, Vietnam has threatened to respond to a ban by demanding the right to retaliate against U.S. beef, soybeans and other products as part of TPP negotiations and suing at the World Trade Organization, where it would probably win. 
Most Members of Congress understand the 
damage, but Mr. Cochran has used his senior-ity to block repeal. The latest effort at re-peal, sponsored by John McCain and nine other Republicans and Democrats, could get 
a vote when the Senate reconsiders the trade-promotion bill, then would have to go through the House. Ending catfish protec-tionism would be a sign that at least some in Washington are serious about free trade. 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD an article dated June 27, 
2014, entitled ‘‘U.S. Catfish Program Could Stymie Pacific Trade Pact, 10 Nations Say’’; a letter by Jim Bacchus dated May 14, 2015; a letter dated May 13, 2015, from the National Taxpayers Union, Taxpayers for Common Sense, Taxpayers Protection Alliance, and Council for Citizens Against Govern-ment Waste, all of them urging Con-gress to repeal the catfish program in TPA; a letter dated May 14, 2015, from the National Restaurant Association; and a letter dated April 22, 2015, from the Vietnamese Ambassador to the Senate Finance Committee. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the New York Times, June 27, 2014] 
U.S. C ATFISH PROGRAM COULD STYMIE  
PACIFIC TRADE PACT, 10NATIONS SAY 
(By Ron Nixon) 
WASHINGTON .—Ten Asian and Pacific na-
tions have told the Office of the United States Trade Representative that the Agri-culture Department’s catfish inspection pro-gram violates international law, and their objections could hamper Obama administra-tion efforts to reach a major Pacific trade agreement by the end of next year. 
They say that the inspection program is a 
trade barrier erected under the guise of a food safety measure and that it violates the United States’ obligations under World Trade Organization agreements. Among the countries protesting are Vietnam and Malay-sia, which are taking part in talks for the trade agreement—known as the Trans-Pa-cific Partnership—and have the ability to de-rail or hold up those negotiations. 
The complaints are outlined in a May 28 
letter signed by diplomats from the 10 coun-tries. The letter does not threaten retalia-tion, but it emphasizes that the American catfish program stood in the way of the trade talks. 
Vietnam, a major catfish producer, has 
long complained about the program, but it has never before won international support for its fight. Several of the countries whose representatives signed the letter—including the Philippines, Myanmar, Thailand and In-donesia—do not have catfish industries to protect and are not involved in the trans-Pa-cific trade talks. 
But the letter expresses the concern that 
the inspection program could lead the Agri-culture Department to expand its ability to regulate seafood exports to the United States, catfish or not. 
‘‘Many of these countries are looking to 
see what happens to Vietnam on the catfish issues, and what precedents it might set for 
other trade deals in the region,’’ said Jeffrey J. Schott, a senior fellow at the Peterson In-stitute for International Economics in Wash-ington and the co-author of a book on the Trans-Pacific Partnership. The United States and 11 countries on both sides of the Pacific—as well as Australia, New Zealand and Brunei—are still negotiating the trade pact, which has been repeatedly delayed over various disputes. 
The Vietnam Association of Seafood Ex-
porters and Producers recently hired James Bacchus, a former chairman of the World Trade Organization’s appeals panel, to pre-pare a possible legal challenge to the catfish inspection program. 
Mr. Bacchus said in an interview that only 
governments have standing to bring a case before the trade organization, but that the export group was working closely with Viet-namese officials to monitor the catfish in-spection program. 
‘‘I’m confident that Vietnam would have a 
case before the W.T.O. if they decided to bring one,’’ said Mr. Bacchus, a former United States House member from Florida who is now a lawyer with Greenberg Traurig in Washington. 
The inspection program was inserted into 
the 2008 farm bill at the urging of catfish farmers, who have been hurt by competition from both Vietnam and China and by the ris-ing cost of catfish feed. The domestic catfish industry has shrunk by about 60 percent since its peak about a decade ago, and in the past few years about 20 percent of American catfish farming operations have closed. 
The catfish industry and lawmakers led by 
Senator Thad Cochran, Republican of Mis-sissippi, fought for the new office, saying it was needed to protect Americans from eating fish raised in unsanitary conditions or con-taminated with drugs. The Food and Drug Administration has a similar program, but it inspects less than 2 percent of food imports, and advocates of the Agriculture Depart-ment program said that was not good enough. 
The Agriculture Department has tradition-
ally inspected meat and poultry, while the 
F.D.A. has been responsible for all other foods, including seafood. 
Agriculture Department inspections are 
more stringent than those conducted by the F.D.A. The Agriculture Department also re-quires nations that export beef, pork and poultry to the United States to set up in-spections that are equivalent to the agency’s program—an expensive and burdensome reg-ulation that Vietnam says is unnecessary for catfish. A Government Accountability Office report in May 2012 called imported catfish a low-risk food and said an Agriculture De-partment inspection program would ‘‘not en-hance the safety of catfish.’’ 
The Agriculture Department said it had 
spent $20 million since 2009 to set up its of-fice, which has a staff of four, although it has yet to inspect a single catfish. The de-partment said it expected to spend about $14 million a year to run the program; the F.D.A., by comparison, spends about $700,000 annually on its existing seafood inspection office. 
Senator John McCain, Republican of Ari-
zona, and other critics say the Agriculture Department program is a waste of money, and Mr. McCain sponsored an amendment in the latest farm bill that would have killed the program. But the measure was never brought up for a vote. The Obama adminis-tration has also called for eliminating the Agriculture Department program. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:02 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MY6.017 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3020 May 19, 2015 
MAY14, 2015. 
Hon. M ITCH MCCONNELL , 
Senate Majority Leader. Hon. H
ARRY REID, 
Senate Minority Leader. 
SENATORS MCCONNELL AND REID: As the 
Senate considers Trade Promotion Author-ity, Trade Adjustment Assistance, and re-lated legislation, I wanted to make certain that you have the facts about the USDA Cat-
fish Inspection Program and its implications for the United States in the world trading system. In particular, I want to make sure you are aware that the United States would face a daunting challenge in defending the catfish rule. 
As background, I am a former Member of 
Congress, from Florida; a former inter-national trade negotiator for the United States; and the former Chairman of the Ap-pellate Body—the chief judge—for the World Trade Organization. In nearly a decade of service to the Members of the WTO as one of the seven founding judges on the highest global tribunal for world trade, from 1995 through 2003, I judged many of the most no-table WTO trade disputes and wrote the legal opinions in many of the WTO trade judg-ments on issues relating to numerous as-pects of both agricultural trade and food safety. Currently, I chair the global practice of the Greenberg Traurig law firm, for which I am writing in my capacity as counsel to the National Fisheries Institute. 
As you will recall, the 2008 and 2014 Farm 
Bills contained language that would shift in-spection of catfish from the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to the United States Department of Agriculture’s Food Safety In-spection Service (FSIS). FDA currently reg-ulates all seafood, and FSIS regulates beef, pork, and poultry. Supporters of the transfer of jurisdiction have reassured Senators that the USDA program would not create a prob-lem for the United States under WTO rules because imported catfish would be subject to the same standards as American catfish. 
This is not so. The legal test of whether a 
measure, as written or as applied, is con-sistent with WTO obligations is not whether it imposes the same standard on like domes-tic and imported products. The legal test in the WTO is whether such a measure, as writ-ten or as applied, denies an equal competi-tive opportunity to the like imported prod-ucts in the domestic marketplace. The cat-fish measure promises to fail this funda-mental legal test under international law. 
It is not my intent here to list the entire 
catalogue of claims that would be likely to be brought against the United States in a ease in WTO dispute settlement by Vietnam and possibly by other affected Members of the WTO following implementation of the catfish measure by the USDA. There will be more than ample opportunity for doing so later in Geneva if the catfish measure is not repealed. 
Suffice it to say that, if the catfish meas-
ure is not repealed, and if it is implemented by USDA as currently contemplated, quite a few strong claims could very likely be made in WTO dispute settlement by the affected trading partners of the United States under both the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (the GATT) and the Agreement on the Application of Sanitary and Phytosanitary Measures (the SPS Agreement), which are both part of the overall WTO treaty. 
Because WTO litigation is intensely fact- 
specific, and requires painstaking and exten-sive development and analysis of the meas-ures being challenged, I am always reluctant to express a definitive opinion about a poten-tial WTO case. Having judged so many WTO cases, I am less inclined than others to pre-dict their outcome. This case, however, stands out for the egregiousness of its incon-sistencies with WTO obligations. Quite right-
ly, the Congressional Research Service has quoted approvingly a Wall Street Journal opinion article that described the treatment of Vietnamese catfish in this measure as ‘‘protectionism at its worst.’’ 
Nothing good can result for the United 
States from applying the catfish measure. 
Continuing with the implementation of the 
catfish measure would further complicate the efforts of US trade negotiators to secute significant concessions from Vietnam and others on other issues of considerable impor-tance to US businesses and workers in the Trans-Pacific Partnership. 
Losing a WTO case that challenged the 
catfish measure would, if the United States chose not to comply with the WTO ruling, give the complaining countries the right to retaliate against American agricultural and other products bound for their markets. 
Perhaps worst of all for the United States 
would be winning a WTO case that chal-lenged the catfish measure. 
The United States has a long and conten-
tious history of trying to overcome Euro-pean and Asian trade barriers to our agricul-tural and food products that are justified as ‘‘food safety’’ measures but are in fact in-tended to block entirely safe American food exports. For this reason, the United States has long been the leading advocate for a strong SPS agreement that ensures that food safety measures will be based on real sci-entific evidence, including a serious risk as-sessment. 
If Congress continues to mandate the 
transfer of jurisdiction over catfish, it will not only be inviting a WTO challenge to the rule; it will be giving other nations an open-ing to enact ‘‘copycat legislation’’ which will further disadvantage our exports. Moreover, if the United States somehow prevails in de-fending the catfish measure in a WTO case, it will truly be ‘‘open season’’ in the rest of the world for new restrictions on US agricul-tural exports of all kinds. 
Sincerely, 
J
AMES BACCHUS , 
Chair, Global Practice. 
MAY13, 2015. 
DEAR SENATOR MCCAIN: The undersigned 
groups representing millions of taxpayers and allied educational bodies write in sup-port of your efforts to repeal the duplicative catfish inspection program at the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) in S. 995, the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015. The undersigned groups have been vocal crit-ics of the catfish inspection program that has spent $20 million over four years and not inspected a single fish. The Government Ac-countability Office has nine times listed the program as ‘‘wasteful and duplicative;’’ and it is one that the former Chief Judge of the highest court of international trade says will result in not just a trade war but also a law-suit the U.S. will lose. Right now the pro-gram is on track to spend $15 million annu-ally for the USDA to do a job the FDA is al-ready doing. 
Specifically on the issue of trade, accord-
ing to an April 24, 2012 bipartisan letter to Senate Agriculture, Nutrition & Forestry Chairwoman Debbie Stabenow (D–Mich.), ‘‘And beyond the fiscal implications, the cat-fish program has caused considerable con-cern among trade experts. According to them, the program would create a discrimi-natory de facto ban on exports from key trading partners and expose us to retalia-tion. . . . We are aware that no scientific data that catfish, imported or domestic, pose any greater food safety risk than other farmed seafood—all of which will remain under FDA regulation.’’ Eliminating the duplicative USDA catfish 
inspection office was agreed to by voice vote in the 2013 Senate farm bill debate, yet inexplicably the Senate was never granted an opportunity to debate the merits of in-cluding this program in the 2014 farm bill. But now with Trade Promotion Authority, there is an opportunity to finally implement the will of the Senate and end the duplica-tive waste that the USDA catfish inspection program has continued to foster. We support your efforts to repeal the program restoring some measure of fiscal discipline and we urge your colleagues in the Senate to do the same. 
Sincerely, 
Council for Citizens Against Government 
Waste, National Taxpayers Union, Taxpayers for Common Sense, Taxpayers Protection Al-liance. 
NATIONAL RESTAURANT ASSOCIATION , 
Washington, DC, May 14, 2015. 
DEARSENATOR : On behalf of the National 
Restaurant Association, I strongly urge you to support the bipartisan McCain-Shaheen catfish amendment to the Senate’s pending trade related legislation. This amendment supports our nation’s businesses, farmers, customers and taxpayers by removing fund-ing for the duplicative U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) catfish inspection pro-gram. 
During the 2008 Farm Bill Conference, lan-
guage was added to transfer the responsi-bility for catfish inspections from the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to the USDA. 
The USDA has already spent $20 million 
drafting regulations and the Government Ac-countability Office (GAO) estimates that the USDA will spend $170 million over the next decade implementing the program. The GAO also found that implementation of the USDA catfish program will cost American tax-payers millions annually to provide a dupli-cative service because the FDA currently in-spects all seafood, including catfish. Every U.S. facility that processes, handles, or dis-tributes catfish would now be subject to du-plicative regulation by both FDA and USDA. 
As members of the foodservice industry, we 
are committed to food safety. However, this new program would provide no benefit. In fact, the USDA itself has stated that its Food Safety Inspection Service (FSIS) would not provide additional food safety protec-tion. The Agency’s cost-benefit analysis also found no significant safety benefit in cre-ating the program. 
Finally, implementation of this program 
could strongly impact U.S. agricultural rela-tions with key trading partners. This pro-gram would create a potential trade barrier to catfish imports and could violate the World Trade Organization Sanitary and Phyto-Sanitary agreement. It could also make U.S. agricultural exports susceptible to trade retaliation. 
For these reasons, we encourage you to 
help our nation’s businesses, farmers, cus-tomers and taxpayers by supporting the bi-partisan McCain-Shaheen amendment. 
Sincerely, 
M
ATTWALKER , 
Vice President, Gov-
ernment Affairs, Na-tional Restaurant Association. 
L
AURA ABSHIRE , 
Director of Sustain-
ability & Govern-ment Affairs, Na-tional Restaurant Association. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:26 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY6.003 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3021 May 19, 2015 
THEAMBASSADOR , 
EMBASSY OF VIETNAM , 
Washington, DC, April 22, 2015. 
Hon. O RRIN G. H ATCH , 
Chairman, Senate Finance Committee, Wash-
ington, DC. 
YOURHONORABLE : As ambassador of Viet-
nam to the United States, I am writing to bring to your attention to the concern of the Vietnamese Government related to the dis-cussion on the TPA/TPP at the Senate Fi-nance Committee under your leadership and seek your kind assistance on the matter. 
The concern is related to the so-called 
‘‘catfish inspection program’’ being trans-ferred from the FDA to USDA, for the fol-lowing reasons: 
The USDA program is duplicative with the 
FDA and National Marine Fisheries Service. 
It costs much more the U.S. tax payers and 
imposes unnecessary regulatory complexity for seafood processors, which in turn adds burden to the U.S. customers. 
It adds nothing more to ensuring the safe-
ty of the products. 
It creates an inappropriate trade barrier 
that violates the World Trade Organization (WTO) rules. 
In particular, this provision is not in line 
with what is to be achieved for the TPP, which is based on high standards, including on trade liberalization. 
The Government of Vietnam strongly 
urges that an amendment to be set up to re-peal the above-mentioned provision in the process of consideration and approval of the TPA/TPP. 
I count on your support in this regard. 
Please, accept, Your Honorable, the assur-ances of my highest consideration. 
Yours sincerely, 
P
HAMQUANG VINH. 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, the Na-
tional Restaurant Association sent a letter: 
On behalf of the National Restaurant Asso-
ciation, I strongly urge you to support the bipartisan McCain-Shaheen catfish amend-ment to the Senate’s pending trade related legislation. . . . As members of the foodservice industry, we are committed to food safety. However, this new program would provide no benefit. In fact, the USDA itself has stated that its Food Safety Inspec-tion Service (FSIS) would not provide addi-tional food safety protection. 
Finally, implementation of this program 
could strongly impact U.S. agricultural rela-tions with key trading partners. 
The Taxpayers Protection Alliance: 
We support your efforts to repeal the pro-
gram restoring some measure of fiscal dis-cipline and we urge your colleagues in the Senate to do the same. 
Mr. President, I understand that the 
parliamentary situation is that we have a number of pending amendments and that probably it is very likely that a cloture motion will be filed. That, of course, would then mean I would not be allowed to have this amendment. 
If we do not allow this amendment, I 
have to say that we will be really showing a degree of contempt and arro-gance for the taxpayers of America. I have watched this program and this in-credible—I have seen $14 million wast-ed. I have seen an example of protec-tionism. 
I was told in the last bill on agri-
culture that I would receive a vote on my amendment. All I am asking for is a straight up-or-down vote so we can save the taxpayers $14 million, $20 mil-lion, $30 million, $40 million on a pro-
gram that is both wasteful and not needed. 
I understand my colleagues from Mis-
sissippi and other Southern States want to protect their catfish industry, which I have enjoyed many samples of over the years. I do not understand the rationale for continuing—particularly under conditions of sequestration—any program that costs the taxpayers unending millions of dollars per year. 
I urge my colleagues to demand a 
vote. All I am asking for is an up-or- down vote on an amendment that is clearly relevant to the consideration of this legislation. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Hampshire. 
Ms. AYOTTE. Mr. President, I want 
to add my support to the amendment Senator M
CCAINhas just spoken to and 
my colleague from New Hampshire, Senator S
HAHEEN . 
Absolutely we should have a vote on 
eliminating this duplicative inspection of catfish, what the Wall Street Jour-nal is calling one of Washington’s most wasteful programs, calling it the cat-fish scam. 
In fact, we had testimony before the 
small business committee the other day, and I asked the representative of the FDA whether we need duplicative inspections of catfish because right now the FDA is inspecting catfish for $700,000 a year, and this duplicative in-spection of it is estimated to cost over $14 million a year. In fact, there was al-ready a study done by the National Fisheries Institute that the USDA had spent more than $20 million to have a duplicative inspection regime. As Sen-ator M
CCAINmentioned, there are nine 
GAO reports about the fact that we are wasting taxpayer dollars on a duplica-tive inspection regime that we should eliminate. 
The fact that we cannot get a vote on 
the Senate floor on such a wasteful use of taxpayer dollars—this is why people get frustrated with Washington when it is sitting right before us, and it is so obvious that we should not waste their money when we already have a per-fectly good inspection regime that costs so much less versus this added in-spection regime, which in the end is going to hurt jobs across this country, including jobs in New Hampshire, be-cause it is going to create not only a duplicative program that wastes tax-payer dollars that common sense would tell us we should have a vote to elimi-nate, but it is also going to eliminate the opportunity for trade. The free- trade agreements that are currently being negotiated could mean over 8,200 jobs in my State. 
James Bacchus, the former chief 
judge on the highest international tri-bunal of world trade and former Mem-ber of Congress, said this program will result not just in a trade war but also a lawsuit, and the United States will lose. Not only will we lose taxpayer dollars by not having a vote on this program and wasting money, but we 
will also create an unnecessary trade barrier that could impede future trade agreements and American jobs that can be created. 
I offer my support for this amend-
ment, and I do believe we should have a vote on this amendment. Why wouldn’t we have a vote on a program that has demonstrated—by nine GAO reports—it has wasted millions of dol-lars which could otherwise be used to pay down our debt or put to good use in programs that are worthwhile. Yet here we are. We cannot even get a vote. 
I share my colleague’s concern. I 
thank Senator M
CCAIN and Senator 
SHAHEEN for bringing this important 
amendment forward, and I hope we will have a vote to eliminate the wasteful money going into the USDA inspection 
regime of catfish. 
How many times do we need our cat-
fish inspected? It is absurd and time to end this waste and quit wasting tax-payer dollars. 
I thank the Presiding Officer. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
R
OUNDS ). The Senator from Mississippi. 
Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I under-
stand that Senator W YDEN has priority 
recognition at this time. I have been informed he does not object to me en-tering into the debate at this moment. 
May I proceed on this amendment? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator is recognized. 
Mr. WICKER. I thank the Presiding 
Officer. 
Mr. President, there are a couple of 
objectives this McCain amendment would accomplish. For one thing, it was in the 2008 farm bill. The current move to change the inspection from the FDA to the Department of Agri-culture is in the current farm bill, and it is about to take place, so it would re-visit the last two farm bills. I do not think we should be doing that in a trade promotion authority piece of leg-islation. Also, it is absolutely not du-plicative. It can be said on the floor of the Senate 100 times, but the fact is that the USDA Catfish Inspection Pro-gram is not duplicative. It transfers in-spection from the FDA to the USDA and the USDA has testified before Con-gress that when the program is oper-ational, as it is about to be, the FDA program would be eliminated. 
Why move it from the FDA to the 
USDA? Here is the reason: There are a few of us—under controlled situa-tions—who grow most of the catfish that is produced in the United States on farms, including the State of Mis-sissippi and the State of Arkansas. 
My distinguished colleagues from Ar-
kansas and Mississippi will speak on this issue in a few moments, I hope. 
This is about food safety for Ameri-
cans in 50 States who deserve to know that the fish they are eating—the prod-uct they are eating—is unadulterated. 
Here are the facts: Under the current 
FDA program, only about 2 percent of the billions of pounds of imported cat-fish are inspected—only about 2 per-cent. The other 98 percent of this large 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:26 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY6.008 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3022 May 19, 2015 
quantity come in uninspected. Now, 
that gives me pause as a consumer. It should give residents of all 50 States pause that 98 percent of the catfish which comes into our country is not in-spected. 
Here is what we do know about the 2 
percent we look at under the FDA pro-gram: An alarming volume of the cat-fish inspected by the FDA already failed to meet standards. They failed to meet consumer safety standards. Many overseas productions are simply not operated under the sanitary conditions that we insist upon in the United States with our farm-raised catfish. 
The FDA program does not ensure 
that trade partners have sufficient health standards nor does it inspect any overseas agriculture operations. They don’t go over to Vietnam and look at the operations there and see the safety standards that cause the health risks. 
What kind of health risks are we 
talking about? We are talking about cancer. I have in my hand a page from a draft rule by the Department of Agri-culture, dated February 10, 2009. This is a draft rule from the Food Safety and Inspection Service. It turns out—and the GAO has been mentioned here— that the GAO got OMB to ask the FSIS to rework this statement and make it a little softer so we would not go so hard on imported Vietnamese catfish. 
Here is what the Department of Agri-
culture report, which has now been buried, says as to whether or not the Agency used random or risk-based samplings: Applying the Food Safety Inspection Service program to im-ported catfish yielded a reduction of approximately 175,000 lifetime cancers for Americans—I want that kind of re-duction from carcinogens coming into the United States—and 0.79 percent acute toxicities. Using random sam-pling in the Agency’s program yielded a reduction of 91.8 million exposures to antimicrobials and 23.28 million heavy metal exposures. We are talking about carcinogens, we are talking about im-proper antimicrobials that the USDA program would catch, and over 23 mil-lion exposures to heavy metals that we don’t need in the United States. Using risk-based sampling yielded a reduc-tion of 95.1 million exposures to antimicrobials. 
We are talking about a program that 
is not going to be duplicative because it is going to move—according to the last two farm bills—from the FDA to the USDA. This excessive government waste we have heard about will not exist, but we will have better safety for the consumers of the United States of America. That is why we do not need to revisit this issue, and that is why the McCain amendment should be re-jected. That is why we should take every precaution we can to protect the American consumer, whether in their home kitchens or restaurants. 
I yield the floor. Perhaps other of my 
colleagues would like to address this issue. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Mississippi. 
Mr. COCHRAN. Mr. President, the 
Senate has made clear the authority of the U.S. Department of Agriculture for imported catfish inspections. It has been debated and resolved in two pre-vious farm bills; first, in 2008 and again in 2014. The USDA catfish inspection is about protecting the health and safety of American consumers. The 2008 and 2014 farm bills required catfish inspec-tion responsibilities to be transferred from the Food and Drug Administra-tion to the USDA Food Safety and In-spection Service upon publication of final regulations. 
The need for this regulatory clari-
fication is clear: American consumers could be exposed to dangerous chemi-cals and unapproved drugs in the im-ported catfish they eat. According to the Government Accountability Office, about half of the seafood imported into the United States comes from farm- raised fish. Fish grown in confined areas have been shown to contain bac-terial infections. The FDA’s oversight program to ensure the safety of im-ported seafood from residues of unap-proved drugs is limited, especially as compared with the practices of other developed countries. 
According to the Department of Agri-
culture and other Federal agencies, the Food and Drug Administration inspects only 1 percent of all imported seafood products. This is just not acceptable. The U.S. Department of Agriculture, on the other hand, inspects 100 percent of farm-raised meat products that enter the country, which illustrates why the Department of Agriculture is the appropriate Agency for farm-raised catfish inspections. 
Following enactment of the catfish 
mandate in the 2008 farm bill, the De-partment of Agriculture conducted risk assessments on the dangers of exposure to foreign agriculture drugs and deter-mined that moving catfish inspections under the USDA inspection system would result in a reduction of 175,000 lifetime cancers, 95 million exposures to antimicrobials, and 23 million heavy metal exposures. 
The Catfish Inspection Program will 
enhance consumer safety but will not result in duplication activities by U.S. government agencies. Upon issuance of final regulations, catfish inspection re-sponsibilities will be transferred to and not shared with the Department of Ag-riculture. 
In order to address perceived con-
cerns regarding duplication, a provi-sion was included in the 2014 farm bill that required the FDA and USDA to enter into a memorandum of under-standing to establish clear jurisdic-tional boundaries. 
We consider that this is a time to re-
solve this issue and put this matter to rest. International equivalence is a concept that originated with the WTO and is regarded as a way to encourage the development of international food safety standards and will help this issue to be balanced fairly among all 
Members and facilitate our trade with other countries. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Michigan. 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I 
rise to speak about the Portman-Stabe-now amendment. 
First, I wish to say a word in support 
of the efforts by Senator C
OCHRAN and 
Senator W ICKER . I was a partner with 
Senator C OCHRAN in the 2014 farm bill. 
I support their position as it relates to the catfish provision. Hopefully, we will be able to retain that provision. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1299 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to add Senator H
IRONO as a cosponsor of amendment 
No. 1299. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD a letter dated September 
23, 2013, signed by 60 U.S. Senators, that calls on the administration to in-clude strong and enforceable currency provisions in all future trade agree-ments. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
U.S. S ENATE , 
Washington, DC, September 23, 2013. 
Secretary J ACKLEW, 
Department of the Treasury, Washington, DC. Ambassador M
ICHAEL FROMAN , 
Office of the United States Trade Representa-
tive, Washington, DC. 
DEAR SECRETARY LEW AND AMBASSADOR  
FROMAN : We agree with the Administration’s 
stated goal that the Trans-Pacific Partner-ship (TPP) has ‘‘high standards worthy of a 21st century trade agreement.’’ To achieve this, however, we think it is necessary to ad-dress one of the 21st century’s most serious trade problems: foreign currency manipula-tion. 
Currency is the medium through which 
trade occurs and exchange rates determine its comparative value. It is as important to trade outcomes as is the quality of the goods or services traded. Currency manipulation can negate or greatly reduce the benefits of a free trade agreement and may have a dev-astating impact on American companies and workers. 
A study by the Peterson Institute for 
International Economics found that foreign currency manipulation has already cost be-tween one and five million American jobs. A free trade agreement purporting to increase trade, but failing to address foreign currency manipulation, could lead to a permanent un-fair trade relationship that further harms the United States economy. 
As the United States negotiates TPP and 
all future free trade agreements, we ask that you include strong and enforceable foreign currency manipulation disciplines to ensure these agreements meet the ‘‘high standards’’ our country, America’s companies, and America’s workers deserve. 
Sincerely, 
Lindsey Graham; Rob Portman; Debbie 
Stabenow; Ron Wyden; Jeff Merkley; Chris-topher Murphy; John Boozman; Elizabeth Warren; Al Franken; Jay Rockefeller; Bar-bara A. Mikulski; Benjamin L. Cardin; Tom Udall; Amy Klobuchar; Charles E. Schumer; Joe Manchin III; Robert Menendez; Heidi 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MY6.020 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3023 May 19, 2015 
Heitkamp; Claire McCaskill; Jeanne Sha-
heen; Mark Begich; Roy Blunt; Edward J. Markey; James M. Inhofe; Jeff Sessions; Kirsten E. Gillibrand; Saxby Chambliss; Rob-ert P. Casey, Jr.; Christopher A. Coons; Carl Levin; Richard Burr; Jerry Moran; Patrick J. Leahy; Daniel Coats; James E. Risch; John Hoeven; Jack Reed; Tom Harkin; Tammy Baldwin; Joe Donnelly; Mark Pryor; Sheldon Whitehouse; Sherrod Brown; Susan M. Collins; Martin Heinrich; Bill Nelson; Richard Blumenthal; David Vitter; Bernard Sanders; Jon Tester; Angus S. King, Jr.; Richard Durbin; Brian Schatz; Mazie K. Hirono; Pat Roberts; Kay R. Hagan; Mary L. Landrieu; Chuck Grassley; Barbara Boxer; Tom Coburn. 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, be-
fore speaking specifically to our amendment, I wish also to indicate that there are a number of very impor-tant amendments coming before us in this open debate process. I am pleased we have a number of amendments 
pending that, hopefully, will be offered and voted on that relate to other very important topics. 
One of those topics is an amendment 
currently pending offered by Senator B
ROWN . I am pleased to be a cosponsor 
of that amendment. It will clarify the process for new countries to join the Trans-Pacific Partnership and to en-sure that additional countries, includ-ing China, cannot join the agreement without congressional approval. So I hope we will get a vote on that amend-ment, which is certainly part of this whole discussion on currency manipu-lation when we look at Asia, when we look at Japan now, and when we look at China. This is an important amend-ment. 
I also wish to indicate that I have 
terrific respect for the chairman of the Finance Committee. I wish to address an amendment that I believe will be of-fered as a side-by-side to the Portman- Stabenow amendment. I urge col-leagues to reject what is essentially nothing more than a rewrite of pretty much the same weak language that ex-ists in the underlying bill. It changes some words around. It basically would not put us on record as 60 Members of the Senate to make sure we have en-forceable currency provisions in this trade agreement moving forward. 
At this point in time, when we look 
at currency manipulation, it is the most significant 21st century trade barrier there is. To quote the vice president of international government affairs for Ford Motor Company in the Wall Street Journal: 
Currency manipulation is the mother of all 
trade barriers. We can compete with any car manufacturer in the world, but we can’t compete with the Bank of Japan. 
We want our businesses and we want 
our workers to have a level playing field in a global economy. When we are giving instructions—when we are giv-ing up the right to amend the Trans- Pacific Partnership through this fast- track process involving 40 percent of the global economy—we have the right and obligation to make sure we have a negotiating principle in there. We are not mandating exactly what it looks like. We are just applying a negoti-
ating principle that addresses the No. 1 trade barrier right now to American businesses, which is currency manipu-lation. By some estimates, it has cost the United States 5 million jobs. If we don’t address it in this reasonable way, it will cost us millions more. 
Our people, our workers, and our 
businesses are the best in the world. We know that, but they have to have a level playing field. Currency manipula-tion is cheating—plain and simple. A strong U.S. dollar against a weak for-eign currency, particularly one that is artificially weak due to government manipulation, means that foreign prod-ucts are cheaper here and U.S. products are more expensive there. 
One U.S. automaker estimates the 
weak yen gives Japanese competitors an advantage of anywhere from $6,000 to $11,000 in the price of a car, not be-cause of anything they are doing other than cheating by manipulating their currency. It is hard to compete with those kinds of numbers: $6,000 to $11,000 difference in the price of an auto-mobile. At one point it was calculated that one of the Japanese company’s en-tire profit on a vehicle was coming from currency manipulation. 
Frankly, this is not about competing 
between—the U.S. going into Japan— that has also been a red herring. It is about the United States and Japan competing against each other in a glob-al economy for the business of the de-veloping countries. For instance, we are talking about Brazil having 200 million people. We are competing for that business. India has a population of 1.2 billion people. We are competing— Japan and the United States—for ev-erything in between, everything else. That is what this is about, and it is about whether they are going to con-tinue to be able to cheat. 
Also, it is not just the auto industry. 
It is other manufacturers, as well. This is also about companies that are mak-ing washing machines or all kinds of equipment or refrigerators and all of the other products that we make and create using good middle-class jobs here in America. 
It also affects agriculture. Anything 
that impacts the distortions in the economy affects agriculture and every other part of the economy. 
So what we are asking for is some-
thing very simple and straight-forward—very simple—which is that just as we have negotiating objectives in the TPA fast-track for the environ-ment, for labor standards, and for in-tellectual property rights, we should have a negotiating objective that is en-forceable regarding currency manipula-tion. We are not suggesting what that would look like in a trade agreement, any more than we are specifying ex-actly what the other provisions would look like. We are saying it is important enough that if we are giving up our right to amend a trade agreement—we are giving fast-track authority—cur-rency manipulation is the No. 1 trade distortion, trade barrier right now in 
terms of the global marketplace, so we should make sure there is a negoti-ating principle there. We also say that it is consistent with existing Inter-national Monetary Fund commitments and it does not affect domestic mone-tary policy. 
I have heard over and over that 
somehow what we do through the Fed is impacted. That is not accurate. We are looking, in fact, at over 180 coun-tries that signed up under the Inter-national Monetary Fund, saying: We won’t manipulate our currency. Yet, even though that has happened—we have seen, in fact, in the case of Japan, for the last 25 years, they have manipu-lated their currency 376 times. We should say enough is enough. 
Now, I also understand we are hear-
ing from the administration. By the way, I am very supportive of their ef-forts, this current administration’s time on trade enforcement efforts. They have won a lot of excellent cases. I wish to commend them for that. I dis-agree with them on this one position, because they are saying, first of all, that Japan is no longer manipulating their currency—the Bank of Japan. OK, fine. The administration says if we put a negotiating objective into fast-track authority, Japan will walk away. Why would they walk away if they are not doing it anymore? Maybe they want to do it again right after we sign the TPP. Maybe they will do it again, and it will be 377 times. If they aren’t doing it anymore, why should they care? It makes no sense. 
Either we can trust them and they 
are no longer manipulating their cur-rency or we can’t trust them and we need this provision. It can’t be both. Right now, what they are talking about makes no sense. Again, we are not talking about domestic policy; we are talking about direct intervention in foreign currency markets, and that if there is direct intervention in for-eign currency markets, we would like to see meaningful consequences that fit with the IMF definitions that countries have all signed up for saying they will not manipulate their currency and that it should comply with WTO enforce-ment, as we do for every other trade distorting policy, every other trade barrier. 
This is actually very straight-
forward. I am very surprised that it has not been accepted. Frankly, I would have gone further. In the Finance Com-mittee I had an amendment I would love to do which says that TPP doesn’t get fast-track authority unless it is clear that there are strong, enforceable provisions on currency in the agree-ment. This doesn’t say that. This is a reasonable middle ground to say, for the first time, that currency manipula-tion is important, it is a negotiating principle, and we leave flexibility in terms of how that is designed, just as we do with other provisions. 
We have strong bipartisan support 
for this amendment. I wish to thank 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:02 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY6.011 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3024 May 19, 2015 
Senators B ROWN and W ARREN , Senators 
BURR and C ASEY and S CHUMER , Sen-
ators G RAHAM , S HAHEEN , M ANCHIN , 
KLOBUCHAR , COLLINS , BALDWIN , HIRONO , 
FRANKEN , MENENDEZ , and H EITKAMP for 
understanding and supporting this amendment. We have other support as well. I wish to thank Senator G
RAHAM . 
He made a comment, because we care deeply—we were so pleased to get the Schumer-Graham-Brown-Stabenow and others’ efforts in the Customs bill re-lated to China and currency, which is so important and which we also need to get all the way to the President’s desk. But we know that if we don’t put lan-guage in the negotiating document we 
give to the White House, then we are not really serious. Senator G
RAHAM  
said: This amendment is the real deal. That is firing with real bullets. 
So if we are serious, if the 60 people 
who signed the letter are serious—and I hope and believe we are—then we need to make sure the negotiating po-sition we take is to ask—and to di-rect—the administration to put this in the final negotiations on TPP. 
We have, as I mentioned before, en-
forceable standards language on labor and environment and intellectual prop-erty rights. This is not complicated. We need to make sure we are clear on currency manipulation. The IMF has rules about what is and what is not di-rect currency manipulation. They are clear rules. There are 187 countries, in addition to Japan, that have already signed up saying they will abide by that definition. We just don’t enforce it, and we have lost millions of jobs. Again, Japan, after signing, has inter-vened—the Bank of Japan has inter-vened 376 times in the last 25 years. We are being asked to rely on a handshake and good-faith assurances that there won’t be 377 times. But we are being told if we even put language requiring a negotiating principle into this docu-ment, that somehow Japan will walk away. This makes absolutely no sense whatsoever. We have a responsibility, if we are giving up our rights to amend a document, to amend a trade agree-ment. If we are giving up our rights to require a supermajority vote in Con-gress, if we are doing that, we have a responsibility to the people we rep-resent to make sure we have given the clearest possible negotiating objectives to the administration as to what we can expect to be in a trade agreement. That is what TPA is all about. If, in fact, currency manipulation is the mother of all trade barriers, why in the world would we not make it clear that currency manipulation should be a clear negotiating objective for the United States of America? 
Let me just say again that we can 
compete with anybody and win. Our workers, our businesses, our innova-tion can compete with anybody and win. But it is up to us in Congress, working with the White House, to make sure the rules are fair. I hope col-leagues will join us in passing the Portman-Stabenow amendment to make it clear we understand in a global 
economy what is at stake and that we are going to vote on the side of Amer-ican businesses and American workers. 
Thank you, Mr. President. 
f 
RECESS 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate stands in recess until 2:15 p.m. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 12:29 p.m., 
recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassem-bled when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. P
ORTMAN ). 
f 
ENSURING TAX EXEMPT ORGANI-
ZATIONS THE RIGHT TO APPEAL ACT—Continued 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio. 
Mr. BROWN. Thank you, Mr. Presi-
dent. I appreciate the Presiding Officer being my colleague from my State of Ohio. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1251 
Mr. President, with the Trans-Pacific 
Partnership, we are considering the largest trade deal in our Nation’s his-tory. Forty percent of GDP is affected by the Trans-Pacific Partnership. We have a responsibility to ensure this deal does not get any bigger without congressional approval. That is why I am offering this amendment, the so- called docking amendment, along with many of my colleagues, to prevent the Trans-Pacific Partnership from being a backdoor trade agreement with China. What does that mean? Right now, there is nothing in this trade legislation— nothing—that we are considering to prevent the People’s Republic of China from joining the TPP at a later date. Without a formal process requiring congressional input and approval for countries like China to join the TPP, we might as well be talking about the China free-trade agreement. 
This amendment spells out in law a 
detailed, important process, step by step, for future TPP partners to join the agreement. It does not say they cannot join; it just says here is how they join—because TPP and TPA seem to be silent on that. 
Here is how it works. The President 
would be required to notify Congress of his or her intent to enter into negotia-tions with a country that wants to join the TPP. The notice period would be 90 days. During that time, the Finance Committee and the Ways and Means Committee would have to vote to cer-tify that the country considering join-ing the TPP is capable of meeting the standards of the agreement. It would stop sort of backdoor Presidential au-thority, whether it is President Obama or the next President making that de-cision. After that, both the Senate and the House would have to pass a resolu-tion within the 90-day window approv-ing that country joining the negotia-tions. 
So if the President decides that he or 
she wants China to join these 12 Trans- Pacific Partnership countries, the 
President cannot do that unilaterally. The President needs to go through this process and ultimately bring it to a vote by Congress. Then the American people can have their say. If it is just done unilaterally and quickly and maybe even kind of quietly by the President, the public would have no 
input. But if it goes through the con-gressional process, the Finance Com-mittee and the Ways and Means Com-mittee—I do not think we speak to the order of that—the notice period would be 90 days, so the country would then have 90 days to speak its mind about what we all think, we 300-some million people in this country think about this new country—not just China. That is obviously the most important, the most salient, the one we pay the most attention to—the second largest econ-omy in the world. The implementing bill for that country to join the TPP would be subject to fast-track author-ity only if TPA were still in effect at that time. This process is vital to en-suring a public debate on what would be one of the most consequential eco-nomic decisions in a decade. 
TPP, as we all know, already affects 
40 percent of the world’s GDP. If China piggybacks on this agreement, we will be looking at a sweeping agreement that will encompass the two largest economies on Earth. In fact, it would then perhaps be three; it would be the United States, then China, then Japan. A deal of that scale demands public scrutiny. A deal of that scale demands congressional input. A deal of that scale demands that the American pub-lic weigh in. 
We know China already expressed in-
terest in joining the agreement at the end of last year. News reports indicate they are monitoring these talks close-ly. Of course they are. We also know China manipulates its currency, even though Presidents Obama and Bush would not say that. We know they ma-nipulate their currency. We know China floods our market with sub-sidized and dumped steel imports. We know China pursues an industrial pol-icy designed to undercut American manufacturing. 
Sitting in front of me is the junior 
Senator from the State of Washington, who has worked so hard and is on this floor to make sure it happens, that we reauthorize the Export-Import Bank. We know what China has done there to sort of end run the United States and what the failure of our doing that here would mean to even give greater ad-vantages to China. 
Mr. President, 2016 will mark China’s 
15-year anniversary in the World Trade Organization. We saw what happened after Congress, in 1999, 2000—that pe-riod—normalized trade relations with China. China became a member of the World Trade Organization. Fifteen years ago, our trade deficit with China was not much more than $15 billion a year. Today, our trade deficit with China is $25 billion a month. So it went 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MY6.023 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3025 May 19, 2015 
from $15 billion to a factor of $300 bil-
lion—all in the space of 15 years. Think about that. 
We know what Presidents over time 
have said about trade deficits—that when we have a trade deficit of $1 bil-lion, what that means for lost jobs. It means we are buying $1 billion worth of goods more than we are selling to that country. Every day with China, we buy $1 billion more of goods—every day al-most $1 billion—$900 million, roughly, more than we sell to China every day. We know what that means on job loss. We are not making it in the United States. They will make it in China. The workers in China are making it, not the workers in the United States. So that trade gap with China rep-resents a huge percentage of our total U.S. trade deficit. Meanwhile, China continues to thwart the rules with im-punity. 
We have focused on integrating China 
into the international system—some-thing we want to do—but we only hope it will comply with the rules we should follow. We give China chance after chance, pushing for increased engage-ment. China continues to play by its own rules. Currency manipulation is a good example. 
I appreciate the Presiding Officer’s 
work on that issue, on currency manip-ulation. That should be voted on in this body in the next, I assume, 48 years. 
Year after year, the U.S. Treasury 
says China’s currency is significantly undervalued. Year after year, we give China a chance—another chance, an-other chance—to change its monetary policy, but we will not call China a cur-rency manipulator. President Bush would not do it. President Obama would not do it. Up to 5 million Amer-ican workers have lost their jobs. Our trade deficit has grown by hundreds of billions of dollars due to currency ma-nipulation. 
We have clear evidence that China 
disregards international trade laws. Why would we think it would be any different if they get a backdoor entry into the Trans-Pacific Partnership? That is why we cannot allow TPP to become a backdoor way to pass a free- trade agreement with China without a vote in Congress. 
I know Senator M
ENENDEZ has raised 
these concerns for a while. I appreciate that support and the support of our other cosponsors on this issue. 
This amendment is not a poison pill. 
All this amendment does is clarify the process for new countries to join the TPP, should it pass. It does not say we cannot bring in new countries. It does say that Congress has to vote on it. Congressional approval is not required for additional non-Communist coun-tries to join WTO agreements after the United States enters into them. We need this amendment to prevent that same so-called docking process from being used with the TPP. China and those countries like China that are not market economies are differently structured economies, different kinds 
of countries. We are not saying: No, never. You cannot enter into the TPP. We are simply saying Congress should have a say in it and, most importantly, the public should be able to speak out on this and have a period of time to talk to their Members of Congress. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in 
adopting this critical amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. 
Ms. WARREN. Mr. President—— Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that following Sen-ator W
ARREN ’s remarks, I be recog-
nized. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The Senator from Massachusetts. Ms. WARREN. Thank you, Mr. Presi-
dent. 
I want to start by saying thank you 
to Senator B
ROWN for his extraordinary 
leadership on this issue and his deter-mination that voices be heard around this country on this trade debate, that the people who are actually affected be heard from. I say thank you very much to Senator B
ROWN for all he has done 
here. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1327 
Mr. President, I join with Senator 
HEITKAMP , Senator M ANCHIN , and a 
number of other Senators to propose a simple change to the fast-track bill, a change that would prevent Congress from using this expedited process on any trade deal that includes so-called investor-state dispute settlement provisions. I come to the floor to urge my colleagues to support this amend-ment. 
ISDS is an obscure process that al-
lows big companies to go to corporate- friendly arbitration panels that sit out-side any court system in order to chal-lenge laws they don’t like. These pan-els can force taxpayers to write huge checks to those big corporations, with no need to file a suit in court, no ap-peals, and no judicial review. 
Most Americans don’t think the min-
imum wage or antismoking regulations are trade barriers, but a foreign cor-poration used ISDS to sue Egypt after Egypt raised its minimum wage. To-bacco giant Philip Morris went after Australia and Uruguay to stop their rules to cut smoking rates. Under the TPP, corporations can use these cor-porate-friendly panels to challenge rules right here in America. 
It wasn’t always this way. ISDS has 
been around for a while, and from 1959 to 2002 there were fewer than 100 claims in the whole world. But, boy, has that changed. In 2012 alone, there were 58 cases. Corporate lawyers have started figuring out just how powerful a tool these panels can be for corporate cli-ents. The huge financial penalties that these cases can impose on taxpayers have already caused New Zealand to give up on some tough antismoking rules. It has already caused Germany to pull back from clean water protec-tions, and it has caused Canada to stand down on environmental protec-
tions. 
If that worries you, you are not 
alone. Experts from all over the polit-ical spectrum—conservatives and lib-
erals, economists and legal scholars on the left and the right, opponents of trade deals and supporters of trade deals—have all argued that these cor-porate-friendly panels should be dropped from our future trade deals. 
Former Secretary of State Hillary 
Clinton said that we should not give ‘‘investors the power to sue foreign governments to weaken their environ-mental and public health rules.’’ 
Nobel Prize-winning economist Joe 
Stiglitz, Harvard law professor Lau-rence Tribe, and other top American legal experts noted that ‘‘the threat and expense of ISDS proceedings have forced nations to abandon important public policies’’ and that ‘‘laws and regulations enacted by democratically elected officials are put at risk in a process insulated from democratic input.’’ 
The head of the trade policy program 
at the conservative CATO Institute has said that ISDS ‘‘raises serious ques-tions about democratic accountability, sovereignty, checks and balances, and the separation of powers’’—concerns that ‘‘libertarians and other free mar-ket advocates should share.’’ 
ISDS is a major part of the reason 
why, no matter what promises are made, huge trade deals often just tilt the playing field further in favor of big multinational corporations. If a coun-try wants to adopt strong new protec-tions for workers, such as an increase in the minimum wage, a corporation can use these corporate-friendly panels to seek millions—or billions—in tax-payer compensation because the new rules might eat into the company’s profits. 
But, boy, it doesn’t work in the other 
direction. If a country wants to under-mine worker rights by allowing child labor or slave labor or paying workers pennies an hour, there is no special worker-friendly process for challenging that. Instead, advocates for workers are stuck begging their governments to bring enforcement actions and protect their rights. That process can take years, if the government responds at all. In fact, just yesterday my office re-leased a 15-page report detailing how for decades both Republican and Demo-cratic Presidents made the same prom-ises over and over and over again about how good these deals would be for workers, and both Republican and Democratic Presidents failed to en-force the labor standards promises in those trade agreements. 
Giving corporations special rights to 
challenge our laws outside our legal system is a terrible idea. Experts from every place on the political spectrum have concluded that it is unfair, it un-dermines the rule of law, it threatens American sovereignty, and it creates an end-run around the democratic process. I urge my colleagues to sup-port this amendment so we can keep 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MY6.027 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3026 May 19, 2015 
these corporate-friendly panels out of 
future trade agreements. 
Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oklahoma. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1312 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, last 
week the Senate voted 97 to 1 to reau-thorize the African Growth and Oppor-tunity Act—AGOA—for 10 years. It was first enacted in 2000, so the 10 years were up and we had to get it reinstated. It provides the African countries with duty-free access on most of their ex-ports to the United States. 
I have long been a supporter of 
AGOA. The program has done a lot to improve our trade relationship with the continent of Africa, primarily sub- Saharan Africa. Since 2002, annual trade between the United States and sub-Saharan Africa has increased by al-most 50 percent. So it is very success-ful. It has also been estimated by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce that it has had the effect of increasing 300,000 jobs in sub-Saharan Africa and 100,000 jobs here in the United States. 
Trade with Africa is important be-
cause many of the world’s fastest grow-ing economies are in Africa. According to an analysis that was done for The Economist magazine, six of the world’s fastest growing economies were in sub- Saharan Africa in the 10 years it has been in effect. 
This is going to continue. I have seen 
it firsthand. Every time I go to Ethi-opia, Rwanda, Tanzania or many of the other countries in Africa, I see more and more cranes going up and bigger and better buildings. It is really a live spot in the world. The infrastructure in places like Rwanda and Tanzania is high quality. People who go to Rwanda come back with memories of some-thing that is a modern city, not a Third World country, as it has been in the past. 
So we have really good things going 
on there, and we need to continue to build on their trade, infrastructure, roads, highways, seaports, railways, and airports to help their economies grow. 
For too long sub-Saharan Africa has 
been ignored as a trading partner by the United States. I have been to Afri-ca probably more than any other Mem-bers have. In fact, there was something very critical of me just last weekend in the press—if I can find it here I will state what it was—anyway, they were critical of the attention I have been paying to Africa. 
I can remember when the United 
States had the same problem. We ig-nored Africa. Back when we were going into Bosnia, I was kind of leading the effort to keep Americans from going into Bosnia. This was during the Clin-ton administration. The excuse they were using was that we had to get into Bosnia because of ethnic cleansing. I said on the Senate floor, for every per-son who has been ethnically cleansed in Bosnia, there are 100 in West Africa. Just last weekend, ‘‘Vice,’’ a satirical 
show on HBO, tried to connect me to a law drafted by the Parliament in Ugan-da that was antigay. I have always op-posed this law and had nothing to do with it. However, there are things that are going on in all these countries that need to be looked into. 
My work in Uganda started many 
years ago to help bring an end to the Lord’s Resistance Army. A lot of peo-ple are fully aware of the LRA now, but they weren’t back then. There was one individual, Joseph Kony, who was going into the various areas of North-ern Uganda and was kidnapping the lit-tle kids. They called them ‘‘the chil-dren’s army.’’ The young people would be kidnapped out of their village and then be forced to learn to join their lit-tle army, to kidnap other people. If they refused, they were forced to go back to their villages and murder their parents. That is the LRA, and we fi-nally are making progress there. 
Other countries around the world are 
not ignoring Africa’s potential as we have been. Brazil and China have se-cured preferential trade agreements with Africa. Every time you see some-thing new and shiny in Africa, it comes from China. Economic Partnership Agreements of the European Union have also been signed. So we are kind of left out. This AGOA has been a worthwhile program. 
We need to start looking ahead to the 
future. Nearly a billion people who live in sub-Saharan Africa and individual countries over the next decade or two will reach the point where they are competing head-to-head with many other countries around the world. 
Our thinking about trade with Africa 
needs to be mature as their economies grow. That is why Senator C
OONS and I 
have offered the African Free Trade Initiative Act, amendment No. 1312 to the trade promotion authority act. We are doing it jointly. This amendment requires the President to establish a plan to negotiate and enter into free- trade agreements with our friends in sub-Saharan Africa. African nations want to enter into free-trade agree-ments with us. When I was in Tanzania earlier this year, I met with Richard Sezibera. Richard Sezibera is the Sec-retary General of the East African Community, which is made up of Rwanda, Uganda, Burundi, Tanzania, and Kenya. Richard Sezibera told me he wants their Eastern African Com-munity to enter into a free-trade agreement with the United States— just those five countries. This makes sense because FTAs bind business com-munities together and can pay long- term national security and foreign pol-icy dividends. 
While some in our government may 
not deem sub-Saharan African coun-tries ‘‘ready’’ for an FTA with us, our amendment requires the administra-tion to articulate what each country needs to do to get ready. It is not enough for them just to say they are not ready to be associated with us in this type of a treaty. The amendment 
also requires the administration to de-termine what kind of resources might be needed to help the countries get ready for an FTA with us. Between the Millenium Challenge Corporation and USAID, we have had a lot of resources going into sub-Saharan African coun-tries to help their economies develop, and many outside aid organizations and other countries do as well. It makes sense to identify which of these resources could be channeled for the purpose of developing a free-trade agreement with us. 
We had a great guy. Unfortunately, 
he is leaving USAID. His name is Raj Shah. He has taken a personal interest in Africa, in developing relations with Africa. 
USAID has a large trade focus, but 
much of its work is geared toward help-ing small businesses in places like Tan-zania grow their exports. Now, this is good. It is a good thing to do, but they should also be working at higher levels to improve the trade activities of these economies as a whole. They can do this by working with our African friends, helping them prepare for a broader trade relationship with the United States, either by helping them identify how they can improve their agriculture safety regulations or general private property rights. To that end, our amendment authorizes USAID to use its appropriations to help implement the strategy that will be developed under this amendment. 
The Senate just reauthorized AGOA 
for another 10 years. In the next 10 years, we should be considering one or more free-trade agreements with our partners in sub-Saharan Africa. Our amendment will help this desire be-come a reality. 
As I said, our government and the 
media have to get beyond their opposi-tion to Africa, and hopefully we will be able to be doing that before long. If we don’t make free-trade agreements with Africa a priority, then I think we will find ourselves here in 10 years and see a much stronger, highly competitive African economy. We will be reauthor-izing AGOA again and asking our-selves: Why didn’t we push to enact free-trade agreements with these coun-tries? We would rather not find our-selves there. If we don’t do it, China will, and we should be the ones writing the rules for trade in Africa, just as we are trying to do in Asia. 
So I appreciate the support of Sen-
ator C
OONS and others on this amend-
ment, and hopefully it can be adopted to the free-trade promotion authority bill. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Alabama. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, as we 
continue to debate and file amend-ments to the trade promotion author-ity, the fast-track legislation, I ask unanimous consent to make two amendments pending and ask that the pending amendment be set aside and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MY6.028 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3027 May 19, 2015 
call up my amendment No. 1233 and 
amendment No. 1234. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Ms. CANTWELL. I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. President, I was 
under the impression that we would be able to have discussion and debate on the legislation before us. My two amendments would deal with two very serious issues. I am disappointed that we have an objection. 
My first amendment, 1233, would en-
sure that any changes to U.S. law or policy are passed by Congress. Specifi-cally, if implementing legislation al-lowed future changes to be made to a trade agreement that could affect or overrule existing U.S. law without Con-gressional approval, then that legisla-tion could not be fast-tracked. The im-plementing legislation would have to guarantee that all future changes would have to be approved by Congress. I think that is perfectly appropriate, and it is an absolute responsibility of Congress to ensure its own authority in matters of these kind. 
Indeed, the Constitution gives ple-
nary authority to Congress over immi-gration law and trade. Under this amendment that I have offered, Con-gress cannot delegate the power to change U.S. law to the Executive—Con-gress cannot do that and must not do that—or to some international body that would be created if this trade agreement—the Trans-Pacific Partner-ship—enters into force. This is not made clear under the current bill. 
Colleagues, we need to think about 
this commission—an international commission—that will be created with 11 trading partners in the TPP. This commission will be given power, and our trading partners will be given pow-ers if Congress approves this, presum-ably. Under the TPP, that commission is given the authority to amend the trade agreement that is initially passed if they find that circumstances have changed and they desire to change it. 
This is called the ‘living agreement’ 
provision. The ‘living agreement’ pro-vision explicitly states these things in this trade agreement. The term ‘living agreement’ should make our hair stand up on the backs of our necks because this is a dangerous thing. What it means is that the commission can alter the agreement. We want to be sure that if this commission alters the agree-ment—assuming the TPP enters into force—that it is not given the power to change U.S. law, even if the President agrees. 
There is another question. Senator 
B
ROWN , I think, has offered an amend-
ment on this question, and my amend-ment would also fix it. It deals with the admission of new countries into the 11 party—12, counting the United States—TPP trade agreement. It is pretty clear. This commission has the power to admit new members. It says: With regard to the amendment process 
of the commission, that the process will look similar to that of the World Trade Organization. We have shared this with Senator H
ATCH and his fine 
staff. I think they understand what we are talking about here. 
This suggests that TPP procedures 
are likely to mirror WTO procedures. Well, the United States has had a long- term problem with the World Trade Or-ganization because we approved the World Trade Organization and passed legislation implementing that agree-ment, and we did not realize it allowed new members to be admitted without a vote of Congress. So under TPP, if it mirrors the WTO rules for amendments and accessions, the new members—it 
appears quite plain to me—could be ad-mitted by just 8 of the 12 TPP mem-bers—not a unanimous vote as NATO requires or the European Union re-quires. 
At one point, the TPP says there 
must be ‘‘consensus,’’ but then it talks about WTO. WTO does not require con-sensus on everything. So I have to say, colleagues, that, first and foremost, I do not know why we have to create a new commission—a transnational com-mission that has the ability to dis-cipline the United States, to impose penalties on the United States by what might be a two-thirds vote under a number of circumstances, and create additional constraints on the ability of this great Nation to function. 
I do not know why we would not be 
better off dealing—as we have done with other countries—with bilateral trade agreements between the two of us, not creating some international body such as the United Nations, the WTO, or as Europe has done with the European Union. 
So I am disappointed that we are not 
going to be able to have my amend-ment to address this called up now, be-cause if they can block this amend-ment from being called up, this amend-ment can be shut out altogether. That is the fact. The train would be advanc-ing without real debate and without a real opportunity for this concept to be addressed and voted on by Members of Congress. I am sure people would rath-er not have it come up—would rather not have questions about this agree-ment be raised. I think it is a legiti-mate question. I would urge my col-leagues to continue to evaluate the amendment and to see if we cannot get it up pending. Let’s have a vote on it, and let’s adopt it. 
Now, I also have offered amendment 
No. 1234. First, my previous amend-ment was No. 1233. This would be 1234. It would hold the Obama administra-tion and the United States Trade Rep-resentative to their assurances that no trade agreement will be used to change U.S. immigration law or policy. This has been done in the past to a signifi-cant degree. It resulted in Chairman S
ENSENBRENNER and ranking member 
CONYERS writing a letter saying: Never 
again should any trade agreement amend immigration law. That is the province of the Congress, 
according to the Constitution. In 2003, I offered a resolution after a past trade agreement did just that—bypassed Con-gress’ authority over immigration law. The resolution passed unanimously. Senator F
EINSTEIN and other Demo-
crats signed on. It said: Never again will immigration law be amended as part of a trade agreement. Trade agree-ments are not the way to change law of the United States, especially when you have a President who is rewriting im-migration law, enforcing immigration law that Congress explicitly rejected through his Executive amnesty. 
So my amendment is modeled after 
the Congressional Responsibility for Immigration Act of 2003, a bill spon-sored by our Democratic colleagues, Senators L
EAHY , FEINSTEIN , and Ken-
nedy—former Senator Kennedy, our former colleague. It would prohibit the application of fast-track authority pro-cedures to any implementing bill that affects U.S. immigration law or policy or the entry of aliens, if an imple-menting bill or trade agreement vio-lates those terms. 
Then, any Member could raise a 
point of order against the imple-menting bill, ensuring that the bill is considered under regular Senate proce-dures allowing amendment and debate. Look, now they tell us that we should not be concerned. Colleagues, we have heard it said that this will not hap-pen—no future trade agreements will affect U.S. immigration law. All right, but I am a little nervous about that. I have been watching the language on this. Senator G
RASSLEY , at the Finance 
Committee hearing a few weeks ago, asked the Trade Representative, Mr. Froman, this: 
My question: Could you assure the com-
mittee that the TPP agreement or any side agreement does not and will not contain any provision relating to immigration, visa proc-essing or temporary entries of persons? 
That is a good question—simple ques-
tion. They have been indicating not. His answer sounds good at first blush. 
Thank you, Senator Grassley. And the an-
swer is yes, I can assure you that we are not negotiating anything in TPP that would re-quire any modifications of the U.S. immigra-tion laws or system, any changes of our ex-isting visa system, and in fact the TPP ex-plicitly states that it will not require any changes in any party’s immigration law or procedures. Now the 11 other TPP countries are making offers to each other in the area of temporary entry, but we have decided not to do so. So I appreciate the opportunity to clarify that. 
So we have decided not to do so— 
now, at this moment, before the trade agreement is up for approval by Con-gress, knowing it would be controver-sial if the implementing bill included immigration changes. But that does not mean we are not party to any im-migration provisions in the TPP that could be used to make changes later. One of the chapters in the agreement deals with immigration and temporary entry. I do not see anything that would prohibit the current administration or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:02 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MY6.030 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3028 May 19, 2015 
a new administration from trying to 
use this trade agreement to advance an immigration agenda. 
So if the Trade Representative really 
means it when he assures us there will be no changes in the future, then I would suggest my amendment would be something that Ambassador Froman would be delighted to support to keep us from having this problem and to re-move this potential controversy from the legislation. I think it would also— for those who want to see it passed— enhance the opportunity to pass the legislation. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
E
RNST ). The Senator from South Da-
kota. 
Mr. THUNE. Madam President, this 
week we are considering legislation that could have real importance for our country over the next several years on the economic front and also on the na-tional security front. That legislation is trade promotion authority. 
Trade promotion authority helps the 
United States negotiate strong trade deals that benefit American farmers, ranchers, and manufacturers and ex-pand opportunities for American work-ers. Under TPA, Congress sets guide-lines for trade negotiations and out-lines the priorities the administration must follow. In return, Congress prom-ises a simple up-or-down vote on the resulting trade agreement, instead of a long amendment process that could leave the final deal looking nothing like what was originally negotiated. 
The promise of that up-or-down vote 
sends a powerful message to our nego-tiating partners that Congress and U.S. trade negotiators are on the same page, which gives other countries the con-fidence they need to put their best of-fers on the table. 
That, in turn, allows the United 
States to secure trade deals that are favorable to U.S. workers and to busi-nesses and to open new markets to products that are marked ‘‘Made in the U.S.A.’’ Almost every one of the 14 trade agreements to which the United States is a party was negotiated using trade promotion authority. Currently, the administration is negotiating two major trade agreements that have the potential to vastly expand the market for American goods and services in the EU and in the Pacific. 
The Trans-Pacific Partnership is 
being negotiated with a number of Asia-Pacific nations, including Aus-tralia, Japan, New Zealand, Singapore, and Vietnam. If this agreement is done right, it will benefit a number of indus-tries, including an industry that is very important to my State; that is, agriculture. 
Currently, American agricultural 
products face heavy tariffs in many Trans-Pacific Partnership countries. Poultry tariffs, for example, in TPP countries go up to a staggering 240 per-cent. That is a tremendous obstacle for American producers. Reducing the bar-riers that American agricultural prod-ucts face in these countries would have 
enormous benefits for American farm-ers and ranchers in my home State of South Dakota and across the country. 
In fact, one pork producer in my 
State contacted me to tell me that a successful TPP deal could increase U.S. pork exports to just one of the Trans- Pacific Partnership countries by hun-dreds of millions of dollars. I know that is important in my State, impor-tant in the Presiding Officer’s State, and important in every agricultural State across this Nation. 
That is why former Agriculture Sec-
retaries from both parties, rep-resenting every administration going back to President Carter, issued a joint letter in February emphasizing the im-portance of trade to farmers and ranch-ers and urging passage of trade pro-motion authority. They wrote in that letter: 
Access to export markets is vital for in-
creasing sales and supporting farm income at home. Opening markets helps farm families and their communities prosper. 
It is not every day that you see 
former members of both Democratic and Republican administrations com-ing together to advocate a particular policy. 
I would say that this is the free and 
fair trade for a healthy economy that describes precisely what it is that we are talking about. We are talking about more exports for American agri-cultural products, manufactured goods, digital goods—you name it, across the board. What that means is more jobs and higher take-home pay for Amer-ican workers. 
The bipartisan agreement isn’t lim-
ited to former Agriculture Secretaries who have come out in support of it. Ten former Treasury Secretaries— again, representing administrations of both political parties—came together to draft their own letter, stressing the importance of trade promotion author-ity and securing favorable agreements for our country. They said: 
Our support for open trade agreements is 
based on a simple premise. Expanding the size of the market where American goods and services can compete on a level playing field is good for American workers and their families. Expanded international trade means more American jobs and higher Amer-ican incomes. It means greater access for American businesses to markets and con-sumers around the world, and it means lower prices for American families here at home. 
That is from former Treasury Secre-
taries of this country representing both political parties. 
Still another bipartisan group of 
former administration officials came together this month to urge support for trade promotion authority. This time it was seven former Secretaries of Defense, as well as a number of retired military leaders. 
Their letter emphasizes another im-
portant aspect of trade that often gets overlooked in these discussions, and that is its national security implica-tions. Discussions of the benefits of trade tend to focus on the economic benefits, of which there are many. So it 
is with good reason that we talk about the economy, jobs, and higher wages. But the new trade agreements have the potential to result not only in eco-nomic gains for American farmers, ranchers, and manufacturers but in na-tional security gains for our country. 
When we make trade deals with other 
countries, we are not just opening new markets for our goods. We are also de-veloping and cementing alliances. Trade agreements build bonds. They build bonds of friendship with other na-tions that extend not only to coopera-tion on economic issues but to coopera-tion on security issues as well. 
Two major trade agreements the 
United States is currently considering, the Trans-Pacific Partnership and the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership, have the potential to pro-vide significant strategic benefits for our country. 
These agreements—these are the De-
fense Secretaries writing—‘‘would rein-force important relationships with im-portant allies and partners in critical regions of the world. By binding us closer together with Japan, Vietnam, Malaysia, and Australia, among others, TPP would strengthen existing and emerging security relationships in the Asia-Pacific. . . . In Europe, TTIP would reinvigorate the transatlantic partnership and send an equally strong signal about the commitment of the United States to our European allies.’’ 
That is again from the letter coming 
from seven former Defense Secretaries representing administrations of both political parties. 
The Secretaries go on to note: 
The successful conclusion of TPP and TTIP 
would also draw in other nations and encour-age them to undertake political and eco-nomic reforms. The result will be deeper re-gional economic integration, increased polit-ical cooperation, and ultimately greater sta-bility in the two regions of the world that will have the greatest long-term impact on U.S. prosperity and security. 
In other words, these agreements will 
not only provide our Nation with sig-nificant economic benefits, they will also make a crucial contribution to our national security. The Defense Secre-taries and military leaders also high-light another key point. Just because the United States isn’t negotiating trade agreements doesn’t mean other countries won’t be. 
The fact that the United States 
hasn’t signed a single trade agreement over the past 5 years hasn’t prevented other countries from signing numerous trade agreements over the same period. In fact, there are more than 260 trade agreements in effect around the globe today, but the United States is only a party to 14 of those. 
If America fails to lead on trade, 
other nations, such as China, are going to step in to fill the void. And these na-tions will not have the best interests of American workers and American fami-lies in mind. 
Free and fair trade agreements are 
essential for growing our economy and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MY6.030 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3029 May 19, 2015 
ensuring that products marked ‘‘Made 
in the U.S.A.’’ can compete on a level playing field around the globe. They are also an essential tool for strength-ening our relationship with our allies, which is of particular concern now with so many areas of instability around the globe. Trade promotion au-thority provides the best way of secur-ing these agreements. 
The bipartisan legislation that we 
are considering this week reauthorizes trade promotion authority and in-cludes a number of valuable updates, such as provisions to strengthen the transparency of the negotiating proc-ess and to ensure that the American people stay informed. It also contains provisions that I have pushed forward to require negotiators to ensure that trade agreements promote digital trade as well as trade in physical goods and services. 
Given the increasing importance of 
digitally enabled commerce in the 21st century economy, it is essential that our trade agreements include new rules that keep digital trade free from un-necessary government interference. I have previously introduced legislation to help ensure that the free flow of dig-ital goods and services is protected, and I am pleased that the bipartisan deal that was reached includes many of the very measures I have advocated. 
Democrats and Republicans in the 
Senate have repeatedly come together this year to pass legislation to address challenges that are facing our country. I hope we will see the same type of bi-partisanship on this bill. This legisla-tion will benefit American farmers, ranchers, and manufacturers. It will help to open new markets for American workers, and it will benefit American families. And it will help make our country more secure. 
The President supports this legisla-
tion. A number of Senate Democrats are working with Republicans to get this done. 
I hope that the rest of the Democrats 
in the Senate will join us to pass this important bill for American workers and businesses and make trade pro-motion authority legislation our next bipartisan achievement for the Amer-ican people. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Indiana. 
HONORING OUR ARMED FORCES  
STAFF SERGEANT MATTHEW RYAN AMMERMAN  
AND CORPORAL JORDAN SPEARS  
Mr. DONNELLY. Madam President, 
Memorial Day is next week, so I wish 
to take a moment to remember and recognize the courageous men and women of the Armed Forces who lost their lives serving in the line of duty this past year. 
Indiana lost two of its own, Army 
SSG Matthew Ryan Ammerman and Marine Cpl Jordan Spears, two young men who selflessly chose service to their country and gave the ultimate sacrifice. 
SSG Matthew Ryan Ammerman of 
Noblesville served three tours of duty, two in Afghanistan and one in Iraq. A 
decorated soldier who received mul-tiple medals during his career, Staff Sergeant Ammerman joined the Army in July of 2004. He deployed to Iraq in 2006 and then to Afghanistan in 2009. He went on to graduate as a Special Forces communications sergeant in 2013 before deploying to Afghanistan the following year as part of Operation Enduring Freedom. 
Staff Sergeant Ammerman was killed 
on December 3, 2014, when his unit came under fire while conducting oper-ations in Zabul Province. He was 29 years old. He is survived by his wife and two brothers. 
Cpl Jordan Spears’ childhood dream 
was to become a marine. His dad said he was so proud to wear the Marine uniform. He was a native of Memphis, IN. Corporal Spears met with a re-cruiter when he was 17 and wanted to be deployed, his dad said. 
He was deployed in July of 2014 to the 
USS Makin Island for U.S. military op-
erations against ISIS. Corporal Spears was lost at sea on October 1, 2014, while conducting flight operations in the North Arabian Gulf. He was 21 years old. He is survived by his parents and five siblings who loved him very much. 
Indiana grieves for the loss of these 
two, extraordinary Hoosiers, as our country aches at the loss of many more husbands, wives, dads, moms, sons, and daughters. The loss of these heroes will not just be felt this Memorial Day. They will be missed at the dinner table, at birthday celebrations, at holi-days, and beyond. This is a reality many military families must cope with. 
Let us take a moment to stand beside 
every military family for the tremen-dous weight they often carry for their service to this great Nation. 
And to the families and friends of 
Staff Sergeant Ammerman and Cor-poral Spears, we all send our continued thoughts and prayers. Hoosiers will never forget your loved one’s sacrifice to this country. 
Memorial Day provides us an addi-
tional opportunity to reflect on the bravery of the few who ensure the free-dom, the safety, and the way of life for all of us. We will always be grateful to America’s heroes, the service men and women in the Armed Forces, and their loved ones. 
As a Senator for Indiana and on be-
half of all Hoosiers, let us thank all the men and women in uniform for stand-ing the watch and honor the memory of all who are no longer with us for their bravery, their courage, and their patri-otism. 
God bless Indiana and God bless 
America. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. CASEY. Madam President, I rise 
to ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CASEY. Madam President, I rise 
to talk about the trade debate we are having in the Senate. I know we have heard a lot of debate on both sides. 
I wish first to talk about some of the 
background before I get to what is in front of us in terms of the process in voting, amendments, and things like that. 
I represent the State of Pennsyl-
vania, which, like many States, suf-fered through the devastation of not just the 1980s—when it comes to job loss in, for example, the steel industry, we know that, for example, in a very short timeframe, about 5 years, for ex-ample, the steelworkers lost half of their jobs in southwestern Pennsyl-vania—in just those 5 years. They went from around 90,000 steelworkers down to below 45,000 in just 5 years. That is only one example of job loss that fami-lies in southwestern Pennsylvania have lived through, as well as other exam-ples from around the State that we don’t have time to recite today. 
So that is kind of the backdrop. And, 
thank goodness, the steel industry and the steelworkers came together and were able to recover somewhat—obvi-ously, not fully, but they were able to recover over time. And in that time pe-riod—we are getting into the 1990s and then into the 2000s—we have had a lot of assertions made that if a trade agreement is brought into effect, we would have job growth and it would help those who had been displaced. 
But, unfortunately, what has hap-
pened over time is that folks in parts of Pennsylvania have seen some of the history. Just to give some examples— and this is a Department of Labor number—525,094 workers were certified as displaced from the period 1993 to 2002 in the aftermath of the so-called NAFTA, the North American Free Trade Agreement. 
Over a period of time between 1993 
and 2010, the trade deficit with Mexico was up by some $66 billion, and that is as of 2010, over those 17 or so years. 
That is the backdrop when we debate 
trade itself. Now, I know there have been assertions made that this agree-ment, the Trans-Pacific Partnership with 11 other countries, will be dif-ferent and that there will be protec-tions in there that weren’t in earlier agreements. 
I have real concerns about those as-
sertions, and I have doubts that they will play out in that manner because, in the end, this debate is about wages and jobs. It is really, kind of, in one sense, one major issue. 
Will this agreement and will the 
trade promotion authority that undergirds this agreement advance or hinder job growth and the growth of wages? I have real concerns about ar-guments that say it will, that it will advance job creation. 
One of the assertions often made, as 
well, is that job loss over time, over several decades—it has been more than one generation now in affected States such as Pennsylvania—job loss or wage 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MY6.032 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3030 May 19, 2015 
diminution is attributable to a number 
of factors. And there is no question about it; that is right. 
But even when you are able to—or I 
should say especially when you are able to isolate the issue of trade, there are some data that support that as well, that you can attribute job loss or wage diminution simply to trade and not to other overarching issues. For ex-ample, the Review of Economic Statis-tics in October 2014, in a significant and substantial report, analyzed a number of issues that relate to trade. Here is the seminal conclusion from that report: ‘‘Occupation switching due to trade led to real wage losses of 12 to 17 percent.’’ And occupation switching is, of course, job displacement. 
That covers the period from 1984 to 
2002, so it covers a period prior to the North American Free Trade Agreement and, of course, about 8 years or so after the agreement was in effect. So my concern over the long term is about wages and Pennsylvania jobs. 
We have a more recent example, and 
it isn’t grounded in the arguments that relate for or against NAFTA, the North American Free Trade Agreement. Just since the South Korea trade agree-ment—a more recent trade agree-ment—has been in effect, the trade im-balance or deficit with South Korea has increased substantially. By one es-timate, it is about 12 to 1—$12 billion of imports on our side to just $1 billion on their side. That is the kind of ratio we don’t want. We want the ratio to be something in our favor, not 12 to 1 against it. 
So what do we do? We have an oppor-
tunity over the next couple of days to continue to debate trade promotion au-thority. In essence, this is the last chance for Congress to have a real im-pact—or any impact, really—on what happens in terms of the ultimate con-sideration of the Trans-Pacific Part-nership, the trade agreement itself. 
Many of us have amendments, and I 
would make two arguments before I re-linquish the floor. One is that we should have a reasonable number of amendments and have a debate about these issues. We have had some debate already but very few votes and very few amendments. I believe we should make sure that folks for trade pro-motion authority or against and folks for the Trans-Pacific Partnership or against should have a chance to vote. 
I will have a couple of amendments. I 
have filed them. I will just talk about two, and then I will conclude. 
No. 1 is a ‘‘Buy American’’ amend-
ment. It would deny trade promotion authority privileges to free-trade agreements that weaken or undermine ‘‘Buy American’’ provisions—very sim-ple but I think very substantial in terms of the potential adverse impacts or positive protections it can provide. 
We should make sure that ‘‘Buy 
American’’ is maintained, that trade promotion authority doesn’t under-mine it, and we should not allow the trade agreement itself to undermine the ‘‘Buy American’’ provision. That is 
one of the least things we can do in the context of this debate. 
The second amendment I will high-
light, among several, is congressional certification. This amendment would require certification by the two rel-evant committees—the Committee on Finance in the Senate and the House Ways and Means Committee—that ne-gotiating objectives have been met, so that prior to a trade agreement going into effect and once there is a final re-view that those objectives the adminis-tration and every administration as-serts are part of the trade agreement— that has a review and then a subse-quent certification by the two relevant committees. 
I know there is a lot more to debate, 
but I would hope that on something as substantial and seismic in its impact on our economy and the economy of the world—40 percent of the world’s GDP is contained in this agreement, TPP, and we know trade promotion au-thority is kind of the rule book in a sense for the Trans-Pacific Partner-ship—that debate we are having on trade promotion authority should allow States such as Pennsylvania or Ohio or any other State to have its voice heard, to allow the people of our States, especially folks who have con-cerns about these agreements, to have their voices heard. The only way their voices can be heard ultimately, in addi-tion to their own advocacy and their own efforts to make statements to us, is here on the floor of the Senate, to have debates and then have votes on amendments, and we will see where we stand at the end of the week. 
To shut off debate and to stop at this 
moment in time, as some seem to want to do, is contrary to what the Senate should do on something as substantial as the trade promotion authority, which will affect the trade agreement impacting 40 percent of the world’s GDP, and I don’t think it is asking too much to have a few more hours or even a day or two more of votes on the floor of the Senate. 
Madam President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. LEE. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —H.R. 2048 
Mr. LEE. Madam President, free 
trade is of absolute importance in this country. We need free trade. I like free trade. I want trade to be as free as it possibly can be. It is not, however, as pressing as another matter that we should be considering now. 
Certain provisions of the USA PA-
TRIOT Act will expire a week from Sunday at midnight. This is an impor-tant issue, and it is one that deserves debate and full consideration within the Senate. I want to point out that we have had 
months and months to plan for this deadline—years, in fact. During these last several months, we have worked with House Members, members of the law enforcement community, and members of the intelligence commu-nity to create a compromise bill that now enjoys the support of the Attorney General of the United States, of the Di-rector of National Intelligence, the telecom industry, the NRA, the tech community privacy groups, and 338 Members of the House of Representa-tives. This is a supermajority—a super- duper majority. 
We have had a week since the House 
passed this bill, and it is time that we take it up in earnest and give it the full attention and consideration of the Senate that it deserves. Then we can return to TPA and finish it without facing expiration of a key national se-curity tool without anything to put in its place. 
This is a bill—the USA FREEDOM 
Act, as enacted by the House of Rep-resentatives—that represents an im-portant compromise, represents a very careful and effective balancing between privacy and security interests, recog-nizing the fact that our privacy and our security are not in conflict. They are part of the same thing. We are se-cure in part because our privacy is re-spected. This bill respects both of those. 
We know that it is not easy to get to 
218 votes for a lot of things on this issue in the House of Representative. In fact, we know it is impossible to get to 218 votes in the House of Represent-atives for a clean reauthorization of the PATRIOT Act provisions in ques-tion. 
We know that a lot of other things 
would be difficult to impossible to pass in the House. We know that one bill does enjoy a supermajority in the House of Representatives, and that is the USA FREEDOM Act. We should be taking that up now. 
Madam President, I ask unanimous 
consent that the Senate set aside con-sideration of H.R. 1314, the TPA legis-lation, and move to the immediate con-sideration of H.R. 2048, the USA FREE-DOM Act, that the motion to proceed be agreed to, and that the bill be open for amendments; further, that upon disposition of H.R. 2048, the Senate re-sume consideration of H.R. 1314. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
The Senator from Arkansas. Mr. COTTON. Madam President, re-
serving the right to object. 
The PATRIOT Act is a critical tool 
for our national security. The junior Senator from Utah is correct that three provisions do expire at the end of this month: the so-called roving wire-tap provision that will allow intel-ligence professionals and law enforce-ment officials to track terrorists no matter what device they might use, the so-called ‘‘lone wolf’’ provision that would allow our intelligence authori-ties to identify and stop terrorists who 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MY6.033 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3031 May 19, 2015 
are not necessarily clearly linked to an 
overseas terrorist organization, and, fi-nally, section 215 of the PATRIOT Act, which has enabled our intelligence pro-fessionals at the National Security Agency to help keep our country safe in the so-called telephony metadata program, which was unlawfully dis-closed by Edward Snowden 2 years ago, which is why we are able to discuss such a highly classified program. 
The junior Senator from Utah and I 
disagree about the program and the legislation. There will be a time for that debate because it is the most im-portant issue we could debating in the United States, our national security and the tools we need to keep our coun-try safe. 
For the time being, we are on the 
trade promotion authority bill. That was a decision made last week. This is maybe not the decision that the junior Senator from Utah would have made, and it is not the decision I would have made, but that is where we are. Per-haps we could have been done with the TPA bill if the other side of the aisle had allowed amendments to be proc-essed last week and if there had not been a needless filibuster of the motion to proceed to the bill, but that is water under the bridge. We should move for-ward in an orderly fashion and process the amendments that are pending on the trade promotion authority bill. We should have a final vote on that bill and then we should move on to the PA-TRIOT Act reauthorization bill. There will be time for robust debate in public, which is exactly what so many of our Members have been doing in private, given the classified nature of these pro-grams. If we have to work beyond Thursday, I am more than happy to do that. I will even work on Friday, Sat-urday, Sunday, and into next week, if that is what is necessary to first proc-ess the trade bill and then finally to re-authorize the important provisions of the PATRIOT Act. 
Madam President, I object to the 
unanimous consent request. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
The Senator from Vermont. 
Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, I 
also—no matter how we vote on trade— understand the importance of it. 
I wish to compliment the Senator 
from Utah for his statements. The fact is, a great deal of work has gone into the USA FREEDOM Act of 2015. The Senator from Utah’s bill and my bill is the same version as the one passed by the House. I hope people will not lose sight of the fact that the House of Rep-resentatives really did what the Amer-ican public wants, by an overwhelming bipartisan majority they passed the USA FREEDOM Act. Some had been saying that the other body could not have gotten that kind of a vote, until say, the Sun rises in the East. But the House came together from across the political spectrum in both parties to pass the bill. I think we ought to re-spect that. We also—as the Senator from Utah 
and others have said—have a unani-mous decision from a three-judge panel of the Second Circuit, which declared the current program illegal. We can pass the bill, the USA FREEDOM Act, which passed in the House. It means that both sides have given a lot to get there. We ought to pass it in this body at some point—maybe when the trade legislation and the highway bill are completed, we should just take the USA FREEDOM Act up and pass it. If there are questions once it has gone into effect, we can always come back and make other changes to the law, but we ought to pass this legislation and at least give some stability to our intel-ligence community. The Director of National Intelligence and the Attorney General have said they support it, and we ought to accept it and go forward. The USA FREEDOM Act takes care of the questions of the courts and we should pass it. 
I concur with the Senator from Utah, 
and I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The as-
sistant Democratic leader. 
Mr. DURBIN. Madam President, I ask 
the Chair what business is pending be-fore the Senate. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1327 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. H.R. 1314 
is currently the pending bill, and amendment No. 1327 is pending. 
Mr. DURBIN. Relating to the trade 
promotion authority bill? 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator is correct. 
Mr. DURBIN. I wish to speak on that 
issue. 
Madam President, we cannot ignore 
that more than 95 percent of the poten-tial customers for goods and services and agricultural produce live outside the United States of America. This means that to grow our economy and to maintain our influence in the world, we clearly have to embrace trade; how-ever, this doesn’t mean we would em-brace every proposed trade agreement. 
I have voted for about half of the 
trade agreements that have come be-fore me in the House and Senate during my congressional service. I think some of those were good, on reflection, and some of them were not. There have been proposals made for free trade which I thought speak to the basic issue: Is America competitive in the 21st century? Can we outproduce other countries in the world? I never had any doubt about that, except for some given circumstances where another country has a specialty or some par-ticular skill. I trust the United States. I trust our economy, our workers, and our business leaders. 
When it comes to a trade agreement, 
I think we have to answer some hard questions about the specific trade agreement, not the principle of trade. Here is something most people do not know. They have proposed this trade promotion authority so we can vote on the Trans-Pacific Partnership. This is a document that has been negotiated over many months and is available for 
Members of Congress to see in a se-cluded setting. We cannot bring in as many staff as we would like, we cannot take the document out of the room, but it is accessible to us. Here is the point that is not often made: We have been told by the administration that this is not the final draft of the trade agreement. We have been told that after we pass the trade promotion au-thority bill, if we do, then there will be some more amendments and changes. So what we would view today is not necessarily what will be voted on at some later date. It is incomplete. It is a work in progress. 
There are some things we should 
know and should reflect on. First, I 
will look at it from a very personal perspective. I am honored to represent the State of Illinois. It is one of the largest exporting States in the Mid-west, and it is the fifth largest export-ing State in our Nation. Illinois ex-ports totaled over $65 billion in 2013 and about 10 percent of my State’s gross State product. 
Since 2009, Illinois exports increased 
by 58 percent, more than the national average of 50 percent. Fifty-six percent of exported Illinois goods in 2014— about $38 billion worth of exports— went to countries currently negoti-ating this Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement with the United States. Is this important to my State? Is this part of the world important to my State? Of course it is. However, Illi-nois’ success in exporting its products depends on good trade agreements that level the playing field, not just for Illi-nois companies but for American com-panies. This means we need to have strong antidumping rules that prevent companies overseas from dumping cheap, for example, steel products and other goods to undercut domestic prices and put our companies out of business. Did that happen? It sure did. 
A little over 10 years ago, three coun-
tries that we trade with—Brazil, Japan, and Russia—had an idea. They figured out a way to drive American steel com-panies out of business. How did they do it? Were they better or more competi-tive? No. They dumped their steel. What does it mean to dump a product? It means to sell it in another country at lower than the cost of production in your own country. They took a loss on every ton of steel until they ran that American steel company out of busi-ness. 
We saw it coming. We saw this dump-
ing taking place. We had trade agree-ments, and we took them to the en-forcement authorities. We said: They are killing us. They are killing these steel companies in America and the people who work there and that is not fair and it violates the trade agree-ment. The organizations responsible for policing these trade agreements said: We are going to put that on the docket and we will get to that in just a few months. 
Well, a few months turned into a few 
years. We won the case. They had 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MY6.037 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3032 May 19, 2015 
dumped steel in the United States, but 
the net result of it was not what we were looking for. The American steel companies went out of business. They could not compete against this dumped steel coming in from foreign countries. 
When it comes to these agreements, 
we need to ask some basic questions. Is it enforceable on a timely basis? Can we stop unfair trade practices before they kill American jobs? That is pretty basic. 
This steel issue continues to haunt 
us. Steel dumping is one of the reasons that the U.S. Steel plant in Granite City, IL, an area I grew up in, will stop production at the end of the month and put 2,080 Illinois jobs in jeopardy. 
Fair trade agreements should include 
enforcement and they should also in-clude enforceable currency manipula-tion provisions. When a country de-values its currency, the U.S.-made products, in comparison, become more expensive, and that adds to our trade deficit. It makes it difficult for U.S. companies to compete. There are a lot of ways to work on these trade agree-ments to the advantage of the export-ing country if you break the rules. 
Trade agreements should allow the 
United States to enact and implement consumer protection laws meant to protect the public. We don’t want to go to the lowest common denominator when it comes to the basics, such as protecting consumers, protecting the environment, and protecting the work-ers. So whether it is food safety, envi-ronmental, public health, consumer fi-nancial protection, an investor’s future products should not take priority over a country’s right to protect its own people. 
There is something known as the in-
vestor-state dispute settlement. It is a procedure which I want to describe to you because I think it gets to the heart of this trade agreement we are being asked to vote on. Investor-state dis-pute settlement procedures—often in-cluded in trade agreements and is in-cluded in several trade agreements that the United States is party to— prioritize corporate investors above al-most everything. 
What is it? This is how it works: It 
allows a corporation to challenge a law in an international court if the law, in the eyes of that corporation, violates a trade agreement and infringes on the investment made by a business. That sounds kind of theoretical. I will be specific. 
We want U.S. businesses to have pro-
tections when they operate in other countries, so it appears to make sense, but corporations have gone too far. Corporations are using this dispute set-tlement to challenge legitimate laws in countries that protect the public, such as public health laws, environmental rules, land use, and food safety poli-cies. More than 500 of these cases have 
been brought by corporations chal-lenging the laws in various countries, including U.S. laws. 
A U.S. chemical company launched a 
case against Canada, as a nation, when Canada banned a toxic gasoline addi-
tive used to improve engine perform-ance—an additive already banned in the United States. An oil company sued Ecuador after a domestic court there ruled that the company owed $9.5 billion to clean up and provide health care to the workers in Ecuador after 
the oil company had dumped billions of gallons of toxic water in open-air oil sludge pits in Ecuador’s Amazon. 
Do you get the picture? Your country 
passes a law to protect the people liv-ing in your country, and then a cor-poration that has trade business with your company sues the country where the law was passed and says that new law is going to cost them money. 
Those are two examples. A toxic ad-
ditive to gasoline—a corporation sues Canada and says you cannot ban that; that will cost us profits. Efforts by Ec-uador to avoid toxic dumping in their own country are being sued by an oil company that says, if you do that, it will cost us money. They did not go through the court system. They went through this investor settlement dis-pute. 
There are so many examples of cor-
porations using investor settlement dispute to undermine, rollback or delay laws meant to protect the public. One of the most egregious examples is Phil-ip Morris. I kind of take this person-ally. As long as I have been around Congress, in the House and Senate, I have had a battle with tobacco compa-nies. It happens to be the only product which when used according to manu-facturers’ directions will kill you and can still be sold legally. So I don’t hap-pen to think tobacco companies are in the best interest of public health for America or any other country. 
About 26 years ago, I passed a law 
banning smoking on airplanes. It was the first time tobacco companies ever lost. I passed it in the House, and my good friend the late Frank Lautenberg of New Jersey passed it over here. It is the law of the land. For over 25 years, nobody smokes on an airplane. Tobacco companies fought us every single step of the way. 
Philip Morris, one of the largest to-
bacco producers in the world, is aggres-sively challenging domestic tobacco laws around the world using the same investor-state dispute settlement that is going to be included in this agree-ment. 
In Australia, as an example, after the 
highest court ruled against Philip Mor-ris and upheld an Australian law re-quiring warning labels to cover a large majority of cigarette packaging, Philip Morris did not give up. Instead, Philip Morris sued Australia in an inter-national tribunal under investor-state dispute settlement provisions in the Australia-Hong Kong Bilateral Invest-ment Treaty. If Philip Morris wins, 
Australia could be forced to pay Philip Morris for expected future losses be-cause of a warning label on tobacco products. It could be billions of dollars. 
Proponents of this settlement dis-
pute that is baked into this agreement we are going to be asked to vote on 
rightly claim these procedures can’t re-quire countries to change their laws. In other words, Philip Morris can sue Aus-tralia and say: Your new law is going to cost us money. Keep it if you wish, but we lost profits because of this new law, and you have to pay us for our lost profits. 
They can force countries like Aus-
tralia to choose between changing the law or using their own taxpayer dollars to pay billions of dollars to a company like Philip Morris for their expected future losses. Think about that for a second. Philip Morris is selling a prod-uct that kills if it is used as intended. Some 6.3 million people each year across the world die because of to-bacco-related disease. Australia’s health care system loses millions of dollars in tobacco-related illnesses for people in their own country, as well as lost productivity at their workplaces. Yet, when Australia enacts a public health law requiring labels on tobacco products, Philip Morris can sue Aus-tralia? Yes, that is right. Tobacco products produced by Philip Morris are literally killing Australian citizens, and Philip Morris is suing Australia be-cause the warning labels may cost them future profits. 
The same thing is happening in Uru-
guay. Philip Morris again lost its case against Uruguay challenging its to-bacco control laws which helped reduce tobacco use in that country by 4.3 per-cent. Now Philip Morris says: If we can’t win in the courts, we are going to win through the trade agreement. We are going to win through the trade treaty, the dispute settlement in the trade treaty. 
Sometimes even just the threat of a 
trade dispute challenging a law is enough to block, delay, or prevent en-actment of a public health law because a country doesn’t have the resources to engage in an expensive and lengthy lawsuit. This was the case in New Zea-land and Nambia. 
Corporations are using investor-state 
dispute settlements to undermine le-gitimate public laws, from financial protection, to public health, to envi-ronment and food safety. What are we thinking? If we would allow corpora-tions under a new trade agreement to come in and attack public health laws in America, to come in and attack en-vironmental protection in America— because they can argue: If I can’t pol-lute in that river, it is going to cost my company a lot of money; therefore, you have to pay us if you want to keep that pollution law on the books. 
That is why I am supporting Senator 
E
LIZABETH WARREN ’s amendment that 
removes fast-track authority for any trade agreement that includes these in-vestor-state dispute settlements. State-to-state dispute settlements would still be available if the corpora-tion’s rights have been violated or if a country passes a law that violates a trade agreement. But there is no need to go the extra step and give priority 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MY6.038 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3033 May 19, 2015 
to the rights of corporations over the 
rights of people when it comes to laws that protect health, food, clean water, and clean air. 
As the Senate continues to debate on 
giving fast-track authority to these trade agreements currently being nego-tiated, we still don’t know what is in the agreements—not entirely. Pro-viding fast-track authority for these agreements would prevent this Senate from offering amendments that would provide only one up-or-down vote after the agreement is finalized. 
I support fair trade. I support trade. 
I hope the final agreements will meet the standards we have spoken of. But I cannot support granting fast-track au-thority to agreements where we don’t know their contents and we could give away the most basic responsibility we have as Senators in the United States—to protect the people of Amer-ica. 
Madam President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
L
ANKFORD ). Without objection, it is so 
ordered. 
EXPORT -IMPORT BANK  
Mr. REID. Mr. President, the vitally 
important Export-Import Bank expires at the end of June. It will be gone. If this program expires—it is not like anything else—we will have to start all over again. We will have to have hear-ings. We will have to have markups in both Houses. If we can extend the au-thorization of this, it will solve so many problems for us. 
The Export-Import Bank creates jobs 
in our country—in the United States— by providing loans and loan guarantees so customers in foreign countries can buy our exports. An example is air-planes. I have spoken to Mr. McNerney, the head of Boeing, and one of the vital parts of their business is being able to have other countries have businesses within those countries come and want to buy their airplanes or countries that want to buy their airplanes. They have difficulty doing that without the abil-ity of the Export-Import Bank to help raise the financing. 
I greatly appreciate Senator C
ANT-
WELL now bringing the attention of 
this body to this important program that is going to expire soon. I appre-ciate Senator H
EITKAMP for working on 
legislation dealing with this important issue. 
The Export-Import Bank just this 
year sustained 165,000 jobs. It will be a lot more if there is a long-term exten-sion of this bill. So one might think, of course, that a program such as this which supports 165,000 jobs in just 1 year would cost taxpayers an arm and a leg, a fortune, but in this case, they would be wrong. It is just the opposite. We make money on the Export-Import 
Bank. Over the last 10 years, the Bank has returned more than $7 billion to the U.S. Treasury. That is $7 billion the U.S. taxpayer does not have to pay because the program is so important and so successful. 
A program as effective as the Export- 
Import Bank should have no problem getting reauthorized, but it has had a lot of trouble. As recently as 2006, the Bank’s charter was extended by unani-mous consent. It didn’t even have a vote. But today the Export-Import Bank is in serious danger of being ter-minated, ended. The Senate banking committee has made no effort to bring up the Bank’s reauthorization, and the majority leader doesn’t have a path forward. The best, he said, is we will give you a vote on it. Giving a vote on it is meaningless. 
So what has changed since just a few 
years ago when we extended this by unanimous consent? Why has this im-mensely successful program over the last few years been on the chopping block? I will tell my colleagues why. It is because the Koch brothers have de-cided that it needs to go. They want to get rid of it. It is part of their attack on government programs, and this is a government program. They don’t care if a bank creates jobs or makes money; they simply want to get rid of it. 
That is not the worst of it. Every 
other developed country supports their exports. China and Europe support their exports, and so do Brazil and India. They all do. But the Koch broth-ers don’t care. They want the United States to be unilaterally disarmed. They are telling their Republican friends in Congress that the United States should just get rid of this pro-gram. They don’t care that this will put U.S. companies at a competitive disadvantage, and that is an under-statement. They don’t care that this will cost U.S. jobs, and that is an un-derstatement. They don’t even care that this will put a larger burden on taxpayers to have to make up the lost revenue. All the Koch brothers care about is maintaining their warped, il-logical view of taking down a govern-ment program and making more money for their massive business interests. 
I encourage my colleagues to reject 
this misguided view. Let’s stop shoot-ing ourselves in the foot. Let’s pass a long-term extension of the Export-Im-port Bank. On this bill, the trade bill— if it became part of the trade bill, it would be signed into law. The Presi-dent loves the Export-Import Bank. He said so publicly. We have been trying to get this done, but now the Repub-licans have said no thanks because their guiding light, the Koch brothers, don’t like it because it is a government program. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1327 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, as we 
continue to debate the future of Amer-ica’s trade policy, we have seen an on-slaught of misleading claims and shocking tales of horror that have lit-tle or no connection to reality. Many of these ghost stories we have heard evolve around relatively obscure legal provisions relating to investor-state dispute settlement, or ISDS. Senator W
ARREN has called up an amendment 
that would give voice to those stories by stripping TPA protections from any trade agreement that includes ISDS provisions. 
I call ISDS provisions obscure not be-
cause no one knows about them or they are unimportant but because in the real world where people actually live, they are not part of our day-to-day lives. It is only in the overly hyper-bolic and borderline fictional world of 
political debate that ISDS provisions impact the lives of everyday people. 
Simply defined, ISDS permits compa-
nies to challenge unfair or discrimina-tory treatment by foreign governments in binding arbitration rather than in ordinary courts. The purpose is to en-courage the free flow of capital by pro-tecting investors from uncompensated expropriation and other abuses that may not be adequately rectified in reg-ular domestic courts that in many cases tend to disfavor foreign compa-nies. That is it. That is all it is. This has nothing to do with secret tribunals that undermine U.S. sovereignty or provisions giving corporations the power to rewrite U.S. laws and regula-tions. 
We are hearing a lot of these stories 
about ISDS these days because the Trans-Pacific Partnership, or TPP, which is currently under negotiation, includes such a provision. Of course, it would be a shock if it didn’t. ISDS is a standard element of all U.S. trade agreements and international agree-ments in general. All told, there are 3,000 trade and investment agreements that include ISDS around the world. The United States has these types of agreements with 50 countries. They have been around for more than three decades. 
Contrary to some of the claims made 
by opponents of free-trade agreements, ISDS is not a weapon foreign entities use against the United States. In fact, the United States demands the inclu-sion of these types of provisions in our trade agreements in order to protect American businesses from discrimina-tion from foreign governments. You see, here in the United States, foreign companies and investors are assured fair and equal treatment under our laws and in our court system. While the same is true with regard to many of our trading partners, it is by no means guaranteed. ISDS is one mecha-nism we have to ensure a fair process 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:02 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MY6.040 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3034 May 19, 2015 
for our job creators who do business 
overseas. It is not widely used, but it provides an important backstop. 
Of course, those who use ISDS as a 
bludgeon against free-trade agreements tend to use arguments that are short on actual, verifiable facts. For exam-ple, we hear claims that ISDS allows corporations to overturn laws and reg-ulations both here in the United States and abroad. The truth is that ISDS ar-bitrators have no power to overturn laws and regulations. The only re-course for a party that wins an ISDS arbitration happens to be financial compensation. 
Others have claimed that ISDS can 
be used to undermine our health care or welfare system or to undo our envi-ronmental protections. Once again, the facts tell a far different story. Most ISDS cases involve very narrow issues affecting individual investors, such as contract disputes, licensing, and per-mitting. There has never been a suc-cessful claim in ISDS that a non-discriminatory public health, welfare, or environmental rule or legislation violated fairness or antidiscrimination requirements. 
We have also heard people say that 
ISDS provisions put U.S. taxpayers on the line for losses. In truth, the U.S. Government has never lost an ISDS case. In fact, only 17 cases have been brought against the United States in the entire history of ISDS. By con-trast, 15,000 cases get filed against the U.S. Government in claims court every year. In short, ISDS poses no threats to the American taxpayer. 
In the end, virtually all of the tall 
tales we hear about ISDS come in the form of ridiculous hypotheticals that have very little basis in reality. But the facts are what they are. While it is only used sparingly, ISDS remains an important tool to protect U.S. inves-tors and businesses. It is a fixture in international agreements, and if our negotiators did not demand its inclu-sion in our trade agreements, they would be doing our country a dis-service. 
In March, the Washington Post edi-
torial board—not really known for hav-ing an unabashedly probusiness bias— published an editorial outlining the shortcomings of the anti-ISDS crusade. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent to have the editorial printed in the R
ECORD at the conclusion of my re-
marks. 
Once again, I am all for a fair and 
open debate on trade policy. I am glad we are on the floor having this discus-sion. I hope we can stick to the facts and not spend our time debating unsub-stantiated scare tactics. 
I urge my colleagues to let common 
sense prevail and to vote against the Warren ISDS amendment. 
With that, I yield the floor. There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: [From the Washington Post, March 11, 2015] 
DON’TBUY THE TRADE DEALALARMISM  
(By Editorial Board) 
President Obama’s proposed Trans-Pacific 
Partnership trade agreement is in trouble on Capitol Hill. Senate Finance Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch (R–Utah) says a bill to enable expedited consideration of the pact will be delayed until April because of opposi-tion from liberal Democrats and a few tea party Republicans. The latest rallying cry for TPP foes is that it would allegedly threaten environmental and labor regula-tions, as well as U.S. sovereignty, for the benefit, as Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D–Mass.) noted recently, of ‘‘the biggest multinational corporations in the world.’’ 
The supposed menace is the TPP’s Inves-
tor-State Dispute Settlement mechanism, similar to language in more than 3,000 agree-ments among 180 countries, including 50 agreements to which the United States is a party. It would permit companies to chal-lenge unfair or discriminatory treatment by TPP governments in binding arbitration rather than an ordinary court. The useful purpose of the settlement provision is to en-courage the free flow of capital by protecting foreign investors from uncompensated expro-priation and other abuses in countries where they are, as outsiders, disfavored in court— or in countries that may lack well-developed court systems at all. 
Contrary to predictions that these proc-
esses are stacked in favor of multinationals, the United Nations reports that governments won 37 percent of cases and business only 25 percent; 28 percent were settled before the arbitrators ruled. In the history of ISDS, 356 cases have been litigated all the way to con-clusion. Only 17 complaints were lodged against the United States. The number of such cases has increased in recent years but mainly because foreign investment itself has increased. 
Critics trumpet ISDS horror stories, but 
upon closer inspection they generally turn out not to be so horrible. Take the oft-made accusation, repeated by Ms. Warren and oth-ers, that a French firm used the provision to sue Egypt ‘‘because Egypt raised its min-imum wage.’’ Actually, Veolia of France, a waste management company, invoked ISDS to enforce a contract with the government of Alexandria, Egypt, that it says required compensation if costs increased; the com-pany maintains that the wage increases trig-gered this provision. Incidentally, Veolia was working with Alexandria on a World Bank- supported project to reduce greenhouse gases, not some corporate plot to exploit the people. The case—which would result, at most, in a monetary award to Veolia, not the 
overthrow of the minimum wage—remains in litigation. 
Obama administration negotiators have 
sought to minimize the misuse of this settle-ment provision under the TPP by recog-nizing each country’s ‘‘inherent right’’ to regulate for health, safety and quality-of-life objectives. The vast majority of TPP coun-tries are legally well-developed (Canada, Australia, New Zealand) or already free- trade partners with the United States (Mex-ico, Peru, Chile). So the TPP changes the status quo hardly at all. 
It seems that the opponents’ real beef is 
with the administration’s view that the United States and its trading partners should encourage private investment in one another’s economies. On balance, though, free-flowing capital creates more jobs and wealth than it destroys. The TPP would not only increase economic activity but also en-hance geopolitical ties between the United States and its East Asian allies, especially Japan. No amount of alarmism should dis-tract Congress from these benefits. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Jersey. 
Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I 
rise today on behalf of the thousands of men, women, and children around the world who are the victims of human trafficking. I rise in their defense, on their behalf, and in the interests of re-sponsible trade policy that recognizes that there can be no reward to nations that ignore the problem and do nothing to end the scourge of what amounts to modern-day slavery—one of the great-est moral challenges of our time. 
After negotiations with the White 
House, the USTR, and my colleagues on the Finance Committee, Senator W
YDEN and I at the appropriate time 
will be offering an amendment to the trade bill to make sure that any tier 3- rated nation—those are the nations that have the worst record in our ‘‘Trafficking in Persons Report’’—that any tier 3-rated nation hoping to ben-efit from the Trans-Pacific Partnership will have to address the problem of human trafficking in their country. They will have to make concrete ef-forts to meet the standards stipulated in the Trafficking Victims Protection Act or they will not have the benefit of privileged fast-track access to our mar-kets, period. 
This modification to my original 
amendment allows for a narrow excep-tion, not just a waiver, as we do with most of the restrictions on the execu-tive branch. This exception may apply only to a country that has been cer-tified by the State Department as hav-ing taken ‘‘concrete actions . . . to im-plement the principal recommenda-tions’’ of the ‘‘Trafficking in Persons Report.’’ It will have to be made public so that all will be able to judge that the implementation of those concrete actions toward those recommendations has taken place. That has real mean-ing. Those recommendations are the roadmap we lay out for countries to move from tier 3. 
This is a historic change in the na-
ture of trade agreements now and in the future. For the first time, we will have on the Senate floor trade pro-motion authority that says we cannot provide fast-track for a trade deal with countries that have done nothing to stem the tide of human trafficking. For the first time, we have an amendment in a major bill that would impose real consequences and real repercussions for turning a blind eye to recruiting, har-boring, transporting, providing, or ob-taining a person for compelled labor or commercial sexual acts with the use of force, fraud, or coercion. For the first time, we have given teeth to the State Department’s TIP report and will hold nations accountable for their inaction. While the report has provided us with important information, it has relied on moral authority but has had no real- world impact on real-world suffering. 
Should this bill pass and be signed 
into law, at least we will not reward 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MY6.042 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3035 May 19, 2015 
nations with the worst record on rein-
ing in human traffickers with the bene-fits of a fast-track to American mar-kets. 
My mother was a seamstress in 
northern New Jersey. No one worked harder. She came home tired, but she came home to her family and was proud of her work. She wasn’t held hos-tage by her employers, forced to hand over her salary, her passport, or worse. 
Thanks to the hard work of the com-
munity of advocates against traf-ficking and the commitment of my col-leagues on the committee, the ‘‘no fast-track for human traffickers’’ amendment is in the legislation we are debating presently on the floor. I un-derstand there are those who would prefer to see this amendment just dis-appear, but, just like those it protects who are suffering around the world, it will be alive in every trade agreement now and into the future. This amend-ment says that we will not be silenced. We will not be bowed because some want free trade at any cost—at any human cost—even if it means letting in those nations that our own State De-partment has determined to be neg-ligent at best in dealing with the scourge of human trafficking in their countries. 
This amendment speaks volumes 
about how we approach trade, how we approach the concept of fast-track pol-icy. We, Congress, set the terms that shape fast-track negotiations, not the other way around. Before any country gains access to U.S. markets, they must show they have taken concrete steps to eliminate human trafficking or there will be no fast-track—not for tier 3 nations at the bottom of the State Department’s list. 
Benjamin Franklin said, ‘‘Justice 
will not be served until those who are unaffected are as outraged as those who are.’’ Well, let’s be outraged and make sure this amendment remains a key element of American trade policy. 
I thank Senator W
YDEN , the ranking 
member, for helping to develop com-promise language that has preserved the full intent of the amendment, and I thank all the human rights and traf-ficking groups that have come forward, worked hard, and helped draw atten-tion to this problem and provided a new public mechanism to hold this ad-ministration or any other administra-tion accountable for their efforts to end human trafficking around the world and not reward the very worst human traffickers with access to our markets. 
This is a victory for those fighting 
the scourge of human trafficking. Fast- track is no longer a given, no matter how bad a nation’s record is on how it deals with those who would traffic in human beings for profit. This amend-ment is for all those who have been subjected to sexual exploitation, forced labor, forced marriage, debt bondage, and the sale and exploitation of chil-dren around the world. 
It is for the world’s 50 million refu-
gees and displaced people, the largest number since World War II, many of 
whom are targets of traffickers. It is for the 36 million women and 5 million children around the world subjected to involuntary labor and sexual exploi-tation. For the victims of these crimes, the term ‘‘modern slavery’’ more starkly describes what is happening around the world and, sadly, what is happening in our own backyard—too often in the nail salons in our Nation. 
I will continue to fight against 
human trafficking in all of its forms. All of us remain vigilant, constantly aware that the cost of human traf-ficking is not just far away across the ocean in a distant country. It is a moral crisis of international propor-tions that has reached our own shores, right here in our own backyard. 
So again let me thank Senator 
W
YDEN for his efforts and the 16 col-
leagues of the Senate Finance Com-mittee—Democrats and Republicans alike—who voted for my amendment in the committee. Most importantly, let me thank all of the human rights groups who have worked closely with me to ensure that we do not reward na-tions with the worst record on address-ing human trafficking with fast-track access to our markets. 
Let all of those who are suffering 
around the world at the hands of human traffickers be the face of any future trade agreements. I have a list of groups that have worked every day to eradicate human slavery and that have supported my work on this impor-tant effort. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that this list be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
Coalition to Abolish Slavery and Traf-
ficking (CAST), Coalition of Immokalee Workers CIW), ECPAT–USA, Free the Slaves, Futures Without Violence (FUTURES), International Justice Mission, National Do-mestic Workers Alliance (NDWA), National Network for Youth (NN4Y), Polaris, Safe Ho-rizon, Solidarity Center, Verite ´, Vital Voices 
Global Partnership, World Vision. 
American Jewish World Service, Bakhita 
Initiative, Bernardine Franciscan Sisters, Catholics in Alliance for the Common Good, 
Church of the Brethren, Office of Public Wit-ness, Columban Center for Advocacy and Outreach, Daughters of Charity, USA, Fran-ciscan Action Network, Friends Committee on National Legislation, Maryknoll Office for Global Concerns, Missionary Oblates of Mary Immaculate, Leadership Conference of Women Religious, NETWORK, A National Catholic Social Justice Lobby, Presbyterian Church (U.S.A.), Religious Sisters of Char-ity, Scalabrini International Migration Net-work, School Sisters of Notre Dame, U.S. Shalom Offices, Sisters of Charity of Naza-reth Western Province Leadership, Sisters of Mercy of the Americas—Institute Leadership Team, Sisters of the Holy Cross, Trinity Health, Tri-State Coalition for Responsible Investment, United Church of Christ, Justice and Witness Ministries. 
Mr. MENENDEZ. I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oregon. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I appre-
ciate greatly the kind remarks of my colleague from New Jersey about my 
role in all of this. I do not want to make this a bouquet-tossing contest, but I do want the Senate to know and I want the country to know how impor-tant it has been that Senator M
ENEN -
DEZhas led this charge. 
As my colleague noted, human rights 
advocates, those who have been in the trenches in the fight against traf-ficking, have come together to work with us. Senator M
ENENDEZ , since our 
debate in the committee, has led this fight. At that time, colleagues, the committee approved an important amendment to ensure that trade agree-ments with countries that drop the ball on trafficking get no special privileges here in the Congress. 
The reason that my colleague has put 
all of this time and energy and passion into it is that he understands—every-one here, Democrats and Republicans— that human trafficking is a plague that must be fought at every opportunity. So what Senator M
ENENDEZ and I have 
done over the last few weeks is to work together to try to find a practical way to further improve the language in this original amendment. 
What these alterations—really im-
provements—are going to do is to cre-ate a new process by which the Presi-dent will report to the Congress on the concrete, specific steps other countries are taking to crack down on traf-ficking. I think—and we just got their statement—the Alliance to End Slav-ery and Trafficking, one of the leading groups that has been fighting this scourge the hardest, has just summed up—I just got this a few minutes ago— what the Menendez effort is all about. A test, the organization has called it, and I quote here, and describes it as a ‘‘positive step forward’’ in the fight to combat human trafficking. 
When we take their statement with 
the fact that Senator M
ENENDEZ has 
brought the State Department on board, I think with what we are show-ing—and this has been a major theme, frankly, of what I have sought to do over these many months, negotiating with Chairman H
ATCH and colleagues, 
is to try to make sure that we come up with policies that demonstrate that there is a new era of trade policy afoot, a new era when trade is done right. 
Because of the good work of my col-
league from New Jersey, the amend-ment that we will be offering here, under my colleague’s leadership, is a demonstration that we can do trade right, that we can do everything pos-sible to eradicate this plague that so many around the world have mobilized to address. I congratulate my colleague for his efforts. Colleagues should note that this would not have happened had it not been for Senator M
ENENDEZ . 
This was a matter that certainly col-
leagues felt very strongly about. Peo-ple said: Oh, the whole debate is over. It cannot be resolved. Senator M
ENEN -
DEZsaid: There is a way to bring people 
together. I congratulate my colleague 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MY6.043 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3036 May 19, 2015 
for putting this together. I look for-
ward to voting on it later tonight, I hope. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. 
A
YOTTE ). The clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. PORTMAN. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. PORTMAN. Madam President, I 
appreciate the opportunity to speak a little bit today about the trade legisla-tion that is before this body this after-noon. As we have talked about over the last week, as I have come to the floor, I do think we ought to be expanding ex-ports in this country because it is good for jobs. 
I think trade-opening agreements can 
be very good for the workers and farm-ers, people that provide services who I represent in the State of Ohio. We need those jobs. 60 percent of our soybean crop is exported in Ohio, our biggest agricultural product. One of every three acres is planted for export now. For our farmers, those overseas mar-kets are really important. Of course we want to expand them. 
For our industrial workers, about 25 
percent of our factory jobs in Ohio are now trade jobs, export jobs. We want to expand them. For 7 years we have not had the ability to open up new mar-kets, by knocking down barriers over-seas. So that is a good thing. We should all be for that. Everyone should be for that. But the question is, as we knock down barriers overseas, are the other countries playing by the rules? If not, then it is not fair to our workers, our farmers, our service providers. 
In Ohio, a lot of companies have be-
come more productive. They have worked on productivity, and they have worked on efficiency. Workers have given concessions, including some of our major labor unions: the UAW, steel workers, and others, in an effort to join the global economy in a competitive way. What they are saying to me is this: You know, R
OB, I would like to be 
able to be in this global marketplace and compete. But I want to be sure it is fair. If it is, I can do fine. I am con-fident. I am confident of them. So part of the discussion on the floor today is not just about expanding exports, as important as that is. But it is this: How do you have a more level playing field so that our workers are getting a fair shake, so that our farmers know, when they are competing in global markets around the world, that there is this more level playing field, so we have the ability to tell them—to look them straight in the eye and say: You know what; this is going to be good for you. 
I will mention a couple of issues. 
Today, I saw Senator B
ROWN on the 
floor. This has to do with an amend-ment that we would like to offer in the trade promotion authority bill, which 
actually was part of the Customs bill which was voted on in committee and voted on here on the floor. 
The idea is that instead of having it 
in the Customs bill, where it may or may not be successful, to have it in the trade promotion authority bill, where it is much more likely to go to the President, to his desk for signature. I will say that this amendment is lan-guage that Senator O
RRIN HATCH , who 
is here on the floor with us today, the administration and others, supported putting into the Customs bill because they thought it was good policy. 
Senator H
ATCH is very discrimi-
nating. He knows what is good trade policy in terms of being sure that we have this more level playing field for our workers in this area of subsidized imports and dumped imports into this country. So what we did was that we got this language into the Customs bill, and now we want to be sure it is part of the trade promotion authority bill. 
Why is this so important? Well, part of this level playing field 
is to ensure that when products are being sold into the United States of America, they aren’t being sold at below their cost. If they are sold at below their cost, it is called dumping. It is an international standard. We have laws against it, but so do the other countries. 
The World Trade Organization has 
enforcement measures against that. You are not supposed to dump product into another country in order to gain market share. It is kind of like a loss leader. What happens is, of course, our domestic companies can’t compete with that because other countries are allowing their companies to sell at below cost. So when there is dumping, we want to be able to have a remedy for our workers and our companies. 
The second one is called counter-
vailing duties for subsidized product. That is when another country actually subsidizes their exports in order to get market share. That is not fair either. 
Let’s take the example of somebody 
who works in the steel industry in Ohio. They are trying to compete to sell steel to, say, the auto plant. An-other country comes into the United States and sells their product that is subsidized that is well below the cost of our manufacturer. That is unfair. So you are able to put in place counter-vailing duties against that product. 
All we are saying is that we would 
like to clarify the law so it is easier for a company, easier for those U.S. work-ers, to be able to show they are injured when you have dumping, when you have subsidized products coming into this country. Again, this is broadly supported. It is bipartisan. It is one that, again, was part of another bill called the Customs bill. It should be part of our legislation, in our view, and we hope it will be offered as an amend-ment. If it is able to be offered, I think it will pass because, again, I think this is an issue where there is a lot of con-
sensus. 
One of the problems right now is 
sometimes companies have such a hard time proving material injury that by the time they prove it, it is too late. In other words, they have lost market share, they have lost the ability to be competitive in the United States, and they end up having to lay people off— and sometimes, in some cases, in some companies in Ohio, including the steel business, they have gone out of busi-ness. 
So this is, I think, a commonsense, 
logical approach that again has a lot of support. I hope that amendment will be able to be offered and that we will in-clude that on the trade promotion au-thority. 
The second amendment has to do 
with a third area of unfair trade. We talked about dumping. We talked about subsidizing. Another one is when a country says: You know what. I am ac-tually going to intervene in currency markets globally in order to drive down the value of my currency explic-itly to get an export advantage over other countries. 
It is called currency manipulation. It 
is a standard that has been developed over the years by the International Monetary Fund. It is very specific, and it says that when you do that—because it does distort markets, it does affect trade—it is considered to be an unfair trade practice. The problem is there hasn’t been enforcement of that. 
What happens is, when countries do 
it, the value of their currency goes down. Therefore, their exports they sell, say, to the United States of Amer-ica are relatively less expensive, and our exports to them are relatively more expensive. 
Paul Volcker, who is the former 
Chairman of the Federal Reserve, made an interesting comment. He said, ‘‘In five minutes, exchange rates can wipe out what it took trade negotiators ten years to accomplish.’’ I think there is some truth to that. It can happen rel-atively quickly. 
I have walked on a shop floor in my 
home State of Ohio, the company that makes steel pins—and these are very important steel pins because they hold up speakers at big concert halls. They have to be strong, and they have to be precisely drilled and made. They brought some that work back from China. God bless them. 
I am walking the shop floor, and I am 
talking about how they have these new machines, they have taken their work-ers through new training, they have done everything to be more efficient and more productive, but they tell me: R
OB, you know, unfortunately, we are 
going to lose some of this business now because of currency manipulation. We just can’t compete. 
So despite everything they were 
doing right and the concessions some of their workers were making in order to be more competitive, they couldn’t if there was currency manipulation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:02 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MY6.046 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3037 May 19, 2015 
Everybody believes currency manipu-
lation is a bad thing—the WTO does, the World Trade Organization. They have standards, and they deferred to the International Monetary Fund be-cause it is a currency issue. The Inter-national Monetary Fund has standards. Those standards are such that if you look at our legislation, we pick up the standards from the International Mon-etary Fund. 
So we say, ‘‘With respect to unfair 
currency exchange practices [which] target protracted large-scale interven-tion in one direction in the exchange markets by a party to a trade agree-ment to gain an unfair competitive ad-vantage in trade over other parties.’’ 
So it is very specific. It is consistent 
with the IMF and WTO standards, but the amendment goes even further to ensure that is what we are talking about by saying that whatever we do has to be ‘‘consistent with existing principles and agreements of the Inter-national Monetary Fund and the World Trade Organization.’’ So it is a tar-geted approach to currency manipula-tion. 
By the way, someone said: Well, what 
about QE 1, 2, 3? What about monetary policy? 
That is not governed, because the 
way we define this is, again, the IMF definition of ‘‘protracted large-scale intervention in one direction in the ex-change markets by a party to a trade agreement to gain an unfair competi-tive advantage in trade.’’ 
That is not why we did QE 2. We did 
it to stimulate our economy. We can argue about the merits or demerits of that monetary policy, but it does not fit into that definition because con-cerns were raised about, well, maybe it could be. 
As we filed this amendment this 
week, we added something else to the amendment. It is a very short amend-ment. I encourage you to read it, Sen-ate amendment No. 1299. It says: ‘‘Nothing in the previous sentence shall be construed to restrict the exer-cise of domestic monetary policy.’’ 
So you may hear this debate on the 
floor: Well, gosh. I am worried this is going to come back against us. 
It can’t. All this says is our negotiators, in 
doing a trade agreement, have to make currency manipulation one of the nego-tiating objectives. We already have labor issues, environmental issues, and other issues that are negotiating objec-tives. We have passed one here earlier this week with regard to human rights. Certainly, currency manipulation ought to be one of them. It does affect trade. 
Now, I know the Secretary of the 
Treasury issued a veto threat today and said he would recommend the President veto. This has been in discus-sion for a number of weeks now, and up until now there has not been a veto threat. So that is new today. I find that surprising; first, because we have had a lot of discussion about this, and this is the first time there has been a 
recommended veto threat. It is not a recommendation that Presidents al-ways agree with when a Cabinet mem-ber says that, but it has to be taken se-riously. 
I would be very surprised if the Presi-
dent of the United States were to say: You know what. I like this trade pro-motion authority. This is good. It ex-pands exports—which is a good thing in my view, as I have said earlier—but somehow I am going to veto it because, boy, we just can’t take on currency manipulation. 
This is at a time when everybody— 
everybody—the administration, Mem-bers of the House and Senate, Demo-cratic and Republican, all agree cur-rency manipulation ought to be prohib-ited. 
In fact, the side-by-side amendment 
that is being offered by my good friend and colleague Senator H
ATCH and my 
good friend Senator W YDEN also said 
we should not have currency manipula-tion. In fact, they pick up our exact language on how to define currency manipulation, but they don’t have any enforcement. There are no teeth to it. It says you could do this or that, you could have reporting, you could have rules or you could have monitoring or you could do nothing. 
What ours says is very simple: Let’s 
just make currency manipulation the same as everything else that is a nego-tiating objective that is enforceable. Let’s subject it to dispute resolution. 
So you have opportunity; one, first, 
you have to start with consultation with the other party; and, second, if there are consultations that break down, if you can’t resolve it, then it goes to a dispute resolution process. 
Someone said: Well, the United 
States would be the judge and the jury. 
Not at all. As a former U.S. Trade 
Representative, who has been involved in these negotiations, who has taken into account negotiating objectives, I can tell you these three-judge panels are objective. That is the whole idea, and they determine whether there has been manipulation under the agree-ment that the parties have reached. So what this says is: Let’s raise this issue. Let’s have a discussion about it. It is a negotiating objective, and let’s see what we can agree with, with the par-ties, and let’s make it subject to the same dispute resolution you would have with other issues, such as the en-vironment, such as labor, so this is ac-tually enforceable. 
So the question on the floor is going 
to be: Do you support getting rid of currency manipulation because you know it affects people you present neg-atively? And the answer is going to be a resounding yes. 
By the way, 60 Senators wrote a let-
ter in the last Congress—60 of them— saying that in trade agreements there ought to be an enforceable currency manipulation provision. This amend-ment would require 51 because it is ger-mane. So it is just interesting. If it doesn’t succeed—because I know my 
leadership is against this, I know the White House has now said they are against it. We will see how people vote on this because everybody agrees we ought to deal with this. The question is whether we ought to have teeth in it, whether it ought to be enforceable or not. 
By the way, what is trade promotion 
authority? Why are we doing all of this? We are doing it because this is the way Congress can express to an ad-ministration what our prerogatives are. Again, 60 Senators have signed that letter. It seems like everybody agrees currency manipulation is a bad thing. 
The side-by-side—meaning the alter-
native—in an effort to defeat our amendment, the alternative acknowl-edges currency manipulation is a bad thing and sets up the exact definition that we use. Ours is a little better be-cause it also exempts monetary policy explicitly, and theirs does not, by the way. But then at the end it says: And what are you going to do about it? 
Well, you decide. You can do this or 
this or this or nothing. 
Ours says: No, you have to subject it 
to the same enforcement you have with other provisions in a trade agreement. 
So I am hopeful we can get this 
passed. People have said: Well, this is about the auto companies. You know, I am not ashamed to represent the auto companies. I am co-chair of the Auto Caucus. The automobile industry in this country is incredibly important. We are proud in Ohio to be the No. 2 auto State in the Nation. By the way, the UAW and the management have made a lot of concessions. They have made a lot of changes to the way they produce automobiles to be more effi-cient, to have the safest, best auto-mobiles in the world produced in the United States of America. I think they do deserve a fair shot. Again, the agreement can reduce all sorts of tariff barriers and so on to give them a shot at going into some of these markets. But if at the end of the day there is currency manipulation, as Chairman Volcker said—former Fed Chair Paul Volcker—‘‘In five minutes, exchange rates can wipe out what it took trade negotiators ten years to accomplish.’’ So I am very proud to be on the floor saying: Yes, it is important to the autoworkers. 
But it is much broader than that. 
The fact that the steel companies around the country have also sup-ported this, the fact that other indus-tries have supported this, it affects ev-erybody. It affects farmers. If we are selling 60 percent of our soybean crops overseas, and they have currency ma-nipulation making our product more expensive, that is bad for our farmers. 
If you are selling these steel pins I 
talked about earlier overseas—I had the fastener industry come see me this week. They are from Ohio. These are the people who make screws, nuts, and bolts. They are concerned about it. So 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MY6.047 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3038 May 19, 2015 
it is not one narrow group. It is any-
body who is involved in international trade and understands the need for us not to allow this to happen. Others have said. Well, this is a poison pill. 
I view it more as a vitamin than a 
poison pill because I think it strength-ens the underlying law. I think it makes it more likely we can get a con-sensus for trade going forward, includ-ing in the House of Representatives, where people want to vote for trade promotion authority, they want to ex-pand exports, but they want to be sure it is fair. They want to be sure their workers and their farmers get a fair shake. 
So I know the President has said he 
doesn’t like it much, but the President, in the past, has spoken articulately and vociferously against currency ma-nipulation. His statements have been very clear. He not only thinks it is wrong, he thinks it must be enforced. So I would find it surprising that he would be willing to move forward. 
Is it poison pill because of the House? 
Again, I think it actually adds votes. Why wouldn’t it? Is it a poison pill in terms of the administration? I hope not, and I can’t believe it would be. This is a priority for the President to get trade promotion authority done, and I agree with him. 
I think it is important for us to give 
our workers and our farmers the chance to export more of their prod-ucts to the 95 percent of consumers who live outside of our borders, who are not Americans but who want to buy the best products in the world that are stamped ‘‘Made in America.’’ We want to do more than that. 
Then, finally, is it a poison pill for 
the countries that are negotiating what is called the Trans-Pacific Part-nership—called the TPP. Well, I have heard Japan doesn’t like this amend-ment much. It concerns me if our friends in Japan—and they are allies and friends, and I have worked closely with them. 
When I was the Trade Ambassador, 
we worked more closely with Japan than anybody had previously, I would say. I brought them into the close cir-cle of countries that were trying to move forward, in this case, on inter-national standards through the Doha agreement. I have great respect for them. 
By the way, they are not manipu-
lating their currency now and haven’t been, in my view, since probably 2012, maybe the end of 2011, by the very defi-nition in here. So why would they be worried? I don’t know. 
But it worries me that they wouldn’t 
be willing to sign off on a provision like this, very sensible, saying: Let’s all agree not to manipulate our cur-rency so we can have a more level play-ing field between all of our countries. 
They have manipulated their cur-
rency in the past. The IMF would say, I think, about 300 times before 2012. So I don’t know if they really wouldn’t ne-gotiate with us. In fact, this is a very important agreement to them. It is a 
very important agreement to them be-cause they, like us, want to expand our trade ties together in the fastest grow-
ing part of the world—in the Pacific re-gion. And that is good. 
So look, I appreciate the fact we are 
going to have a difference of opinion on this. I just hope people will actually look at the facts. Look at the lan-guage. Look at the fact that this is an issue we all agree on in terms of cur-rency manipulation. The alternative amendments will have that. The only question is, Should it be enforceable? Should it have teeth? Should we be able to go home and look our workers in the eye and say: You know what? We have taken care of you on this one. You are not going to find yourself play-ing by the rules, making concessions, going through retraining, making these big investments in these compa-nies with the most up-to-date equip-ment to be competitive and then find, oh my gosh, the rug is pulled out from under us by manipulation. 
So here we have President Barack 
Obama. I mentioned his statement ear-lier. This is in June of 2007: ‘‘I will work with my colleagues in the Senate to ensure that any trade agreement brought before the Congress is meas-ured not against administration com-mitments but instead against the rights of Americans to protection from unfair trade practices, including cur-rency manipulation.’’ 
I know where the President stands on 
this. He, like me, like other Senators in this Chamber, wants to be sure we do deal with currency manipulation. In this case he is saying with regard spe-cifically to trade agreements brought before this Congress. That is what TPA is all about—establishing our congres-sional prerogatives as to trade. 
So I hope we will be able to move for-
ward with expanding opportunities for everybody we represent, because that is what trade is about. It is about cre-ating more and better jobs. If you are against exports, you are against cre-ating better jobs. Trade jobs pay, they say, on average 13 to 18 percent more. Why? Because they tend to be jobs in the manufacturing sector, in the tech-nology sector. They tend to be good jobs. 
We want more of them in my State of 
Ohio. Our farmers want more exports. It is good for their prices. And they all deserve to have these markets overseas because they are working hard to cre-ate the best products in the world. All they want is a level playing field to en-sure they have the opportunity to send those products overseas to the 95 per-cent of consumers outside our borders. 
If we do that—if we do that and at 
the same time ensure it is fair—we will be able to look them in the eye and say that this is going to be good for you and your families. 
Here is what Secretary Lew said ear-
lier today: ‘‘Holding our trading part-ners accountable for their currency practices has always been important to this administration.’’ Let us hold them accountable. We 
can’t hold them accountable if there is no enforcement. We can’t hold them accountable if there are no teeth. That is all we are asking for today. 
I would ask my colleagues on both 
sides of the aisle to look at this lan-guage and look at this issue. Earlier, one of my colleagues came to speak and he had a sign like this, and it talked about free trade and fair trade. That is what we are talking about. Let us be sure we have free trade and fair trade. If we do that, we can begin to re-build a consensus around trade that used to be a bipartisan consensus, and we can begin to create a better future for our kids and grandkids—more en-gaged in global markets, getting bet-ter-paying jobs and more jobs, and en-suring America’s promise is met. 
At a time when we have a histori-
cally weak recovery, what better thing to do than to give this economy a shot in the arm by expanding exports and by doing so in the context of creating a more level playing field for the people we represent. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Connecticut. 
Mr. MURPHY. Madam President, this 
is an exceptional thing we are debating right now. We are talking about lim-iting our own constitutional power. We are talking about a trade promotion authority act that would restrict our ability to offer and debate amendments on free-trade agreements. 
We have been told this is the only 
way we can move forward on things such as the Trans-Pacific Partnership and the soon-to-be-completed European free-trade agreement. There are great disagreements about whether that is necessary. 
It is hard to understand why we hold 
trade to a fundamentally different standard than so many other things that are vitally necessary for our econ-omy to move forward. Why not have a different process to pass immigration reform or energy reform or tax reform? Those are just as, if not more, nec-essary to economic growth than trade. 
But in that we are talking about lim-
iting our ability to offer amendments to a trade agreement, it would be the height of irony if we were to conduct 
that debate in a way that limited our ability to also offer amendments on the very act that takes away our power to amend the trade agreements. 
So here is just a point on process. I 
am fairly new to this body. This is the first time I have been in the Senate de-bating a trade agreement. Certainly, it is the first time I have been in the Con-gress to debate a fast-track bill, a trade promotion authority. I think we can take our time to allow this body to work its will, to make sure we vote on more than a handful of amendments to a piece of legislation that takes away our power to offer amendments on the final trade bills. 
We took 3 weeks to debate the last 
fast-track bill. Now, I don’t think any-body is asking for 3 weeks, but we are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MY6.049 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3039 May 19, 2015 
asking for more than a few days, given 
that many of us think we have amend-ments, such as the one Senator P
ORTMAN is offering, that can make 
this bill a lot better. So I am coming to the floor today to ask for that time to get to a better place on this bill and, specifically, to ask for this body to take up a series of amendments sur-rounding one vital issue, and that is the issue of protecting the American supply chain on products bought by the U.S. Government. It is commonly re-ferred to as the ‘‘Buy American’’ law. It has been on the books for decades. 
It is a pretty simple premise. When 
we are buying things for the U.S. Gov-ernment, we should buy them from American companies, by and large. It is a pretty meager requirement. At the start, it just says that when you buy stuff for the American Government, primarily for the Defense Department, you should buy 50 percent of it from U.S. companies. 
That makes a lot of sense to people 
in the United States. In my State of Connecticut, we believe that is just good economics, but it is also good na-tional security policy, because if you are not making things for the Depart-ment of Defense here, you are making them abroad, and you become reliant on a supply chain that is increasingly internationalized and puts you at risk when one of those companies that is supplying parts for a jet engine, for a tank, for a weapon all of a sudden isn’t your ally any longer. 
The ‘‘Buy American’’ law has been 
riddled with loophole after loophole, exception after exception, such that the exception is now the rule. I won’t go through the litany of ways you can get around the ‘‘Buy American’’ law, so that sometimes today items being bought by the Department of Defense are majority made outside the United States and frankly, often by countries that we may not be in total alignment with when it comes to our security pol-icy. 
I want to talk about one waiver, one 
way around the ‘‘Buy American’’ law, and that is a really big one. There is a waiver to the ‘‘Buy American’’ law for any country that we have entered into a free-trade agreement with. So if you have signed a free-trade agreement with the United States, you can supply content to goods made for the U.S. military and have it count as made in America. 
Now, that is a pretty limited excep-
tion when you have only a small num-ber of countries you have signed free- trade agreements with. But the two re-gions we are talking about adding to the ranks of those that have trade agreements with the United States would represent the bulk of the global economy. We are talking about a swath of countries in Asia with very low wages and then, ultimately, with the European trade agreement, the whole of Europe. 
All of a sudden, we don’t have a small 
exception to the ‘‘Buy American’’ rule, we have a truck-sized exception to the 
‘‘Buy American’’ rule, rendering it al-most obsolete and unenforceable at that point, because then almost any country that is producing a good can apply for the trade-agreement waiver. 
So we have a series of amendments 
that would try to tighten up this par-ticular waiver, this particular option built into trade agreements. The amendment I hope to offer simply says that if you want this waiver around the ‘‘Buy American’’ law, then you have to show that, No. 1, the result of moving the work overseas won’t cause a U.S. company to go under—and I can give examples of when that has happened— and, No. 2, you have to prove it you can’t find it in the United States—that your only option is to go overseas be-cause you can’t find it in the United States. If there is an American com-pany making it for a reasonable price, then that company should be able to get that waiver. 
Now, it doesn’t take away all the 
other waivers. There is a waiver, for in-stance, that says if you can get it much cheaper overseas, then you can go over-seas. We don’t eliminate that waiver. We just say you have to prove you can’t get it in the United States and you can’t get it for a reasonable price in the United States, and then this waiver would apply. 
I think all of our constituents would 
support trade agreements that make sure our taxpayer dollars being used to buy goods for the United States get used, preferentially, on American com-panies. And simply by tightening up this loophole in the ‘‘Buy American’’ law, we will protect a lot of jobs. 
How do we know that? Because in 
2013, the last year for which we have records, there were 1,200 of these waiv-ers approved—1,200 waivers for existing countries with free-trade agreements— worth $500 million worth of goods. That is $500 million worth of work that would have gone to U.S. companies that went to foreign companies because of this waiver that said that any coun-try that has a free-trade agreement just doesn’t have to worry about the ‘‘Buy American’’ clause. That is 1,200 today. Imagine how many that will be in a year if we were to add all of the countries in TPP and all of the coun-tries in TTIP. We are talking about factors of two and three and four added to that number. 
So all I am asking for at this point is 
a debate. Let us just make sure on this seminal issue, the preference that we give American companies for work paid for by Federal taxpayers, that we have a discussion about that on the floor of the Senate at some point over the course of this week. Members can choose to vote up or down. They can choose to support American companies. They can choose to support the out-sourcing of American taxpayer work. But let us have a discussion on it. We don’t need 3 weeks, like we did last time, but be probably need a couple more days. This is as big as you get for the Sen-
ate. We are debating giving away our power to amend a major trade obliga-tion of the U.S. Government. Let us have a debate about the consequences of that with respect to American com-panies. 
It would make a difference to one set 
of people in my district, and I will end on this—the former workers of Ansonia Copper & Brass. This is a company that made copper-nickel tubing for our sub-marines. They were the only American company that made this copper-nickel tubing, and they had a competitor in Europe that was trying to take their business away. Because of a waiver to the ‘‘Buy American’’ law, the contract was awarded by the Department of De-fense to the European firm and taken away from Ansonia Copper & Brass. Be-cause of that waiver to the ‘‘Buy Amer-ican’’ law, Ansonia Copper & Brass went out of business. We now have no ability in the United States to produce copper-nickel tubing. Some of the most important components to the Amer-ican sub fleet in the United States— gone. Our capacity has ended. And you can’t just rebuild this, because this is a really specialized kind of material, a really specialized kind of product. Once that equipment, once that expertise is gone, you can’t just start it back over-night. That has real security con-sequences for the United States. 
I would argue that, even more impor-
tantly, it has serious economic con-sequences for the men and women who were laid off about a year ago from An-sonia Copper & Brass, because of an ill- thought-out waiver to the ‘‘Buy Amer-ican’’ clause that compromises our eco-nomic security and our national secu-rity. Let us just pledge to have a de-bate about that on the floor of the Sen-ate before we come to a final vote on trade promotion authority. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Ms. STABENOW. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Ms. STABENOW. Madam President, I 
want to take a moment to add to what my partner on the Portman-Stabenow amendment has said on the floor. I ap-preciate working with Senator P
ORTMAN on this important issue. I 
find it very interesting, as we are de-bating—as other colleagues have said— a policy that allows the administration to go ahead and negotiate a trade agreement where we voluntarily give up our right to change, to amend, and that we voluntarily, as a Congress, say we are not going to allow anyone to ob-ject to make it a 60-vote threshold. So we are giving them the fast-track au-thority. The tradeoff, the way we are supposed to be doing that is by setting up a set of negotiating objectives and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MY6.051 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3040 May 19, 2015 
expectations for what will be nego-
tiated in the agreements. That is the deal here—fast-track authority, setting up the expectations. What we believe on behalf of our constituents, the peo-ple we represent, are the most impor-tant things that we want to make sure are covered: enforcement, strong labor and environmental standards, and the 
No. 1 trade distorting policy in the world today, which is currency manip-ulation. 
We want to be able to say, if you are 
going to get this special ability to take away our right to change something, then we expect certain things. We ex-pect that we are going to be negoti-ating from a position of strength so that we are racing up in the world economy, bringing other countries up in terms of wages, what is happening in terms of protecting our environment, protecting our intellectual property rights, stopping other countries from cheating on currency or other trade violations. We want to create a race up, not a race to the bottom, not a race to the bottom where the comments are this: Well, if you would only work for less, we can be competitive. If we only take away your pension, if we only take away your health care, if we only make sure that we do not enforce our trade laws, we can be competitive. Ob-viously, that makes no sense. 
In the area of currency, what Senator 
P
ORTMAN and I are doing is putting 
forth the very straightforward case that there should be a negotiating ob-jective that is enforceable, that is tied to IMF definitions. It makes it clear that we are not talking about our do-mestic policies. We are not talking about Fed policies. We are not talking about quantitative easing. We are talk-ing about the foreign currency policies that under the International Monetary Fund, 188 countries, including the Asian countries we are negotiating with, have all signed up to agree to. All signed on the dotted line—the United States, Japan, all the countries that we are talking about—that they will not manipulate their currency. 
The problem is they still do. The 
problem is that Japan, after signing on the dotted line under the International Monetary Fund, has over the last 25 years manipulated the currency 376 times. We are saying that if we are going to let you go into a negotiation and come out with a trade agreement of 40 percent of the global economy in Asia and where we are seeing the bulk of the currency manipulation, then we believe there ought to be an enforce-able standard, that we ought to have an expectation of a currency manipula-tion provision that would be enforce-able at least as a negotiating objective. That is what we are talking about. 
You would think—it is unbelievable 
the reaction. I understand after work-ing with many, many Secretaries of the Treasury—and I have incredible re-spect and admiration for our current Secretary—but every Secretary under every President I have had the oppor-tunity to work with—Democrat or Re-
publican—all believe the same: Do not get into this area of policy. I under-stand that. I do. I respect it. I disagree in this case, but I understand that re-action. But when we are talking about a 21st-century framework on trade and what we need to do in enforcement— and we passed a customs bill that has incredibly important enforcement pro-visions in it. I am pleased that a num-
ber of those are ones that I have been working on—that Senator L
INDSEY  
GRAHAM and I have been working on for 
years—provisions that are in that bill. 
I am very pleased to see that the 
broader currency issue is addressed in there that Senator S
CHUMER , Senator 
GRAHAM , Senator B ROWN , and I and 
others have been working on for years, trying to not be in the Trans-Pacific Partnership negotiations, as we know. All of these things are good to be able to do. But if we are going to do that, we need to address—as has been quoted by one of our auto manufacturers—the mother of all trade barriers, which is currency manipulation. We know it is going on. 
On the one hand, we hear from those 
on the other side that it is a poison pill to put this in the fast-track authority. The question is, Why? Why is it a poi-son pill? Why is it a poison pill? 
Well, because Japan will not like it. 
Japan will walk away from TPP. Well, on the other side we hear that the Bank of Japan does not do currency manipulation anymore. They do not do it anymore. Why do we have to worry about it if they do not do it anymore? 
If they do not do it anymore, then 
why in the world would they walk away from a negotiation if we have a negotiating objective on currency? It makes you wonder. Do they want to go from 376 times to 377 times? That is what I would assume, if that is that important that it would kill an entire agreement with 12 different countries to have a negotiating principle in there on currency. It is not just Japan, al-though, that is the major concern. We have seen this happen in Singapore, Malaysia, and other countries. If they do not intend to use that as a way to get an edge, to beat us on an unlevel playing field, then why in the world would they care? That is the question. 
They cannot have it both ways. They 
cannot say they are not doing it any-more. But if we put this in there, some-how we are not going to be able to get this agreement. Our job in a global economy is to make sure the rules are fair for our businesses and our workers. 
So far, it is estimated that we have 
lost some 5 million jobs and counting because of just one thing—currency manipulation. What is that? That means that Japan builds an auto-mobile, and they sell it someplace else. When they are using the Bank of Japan to manipulate their currency, they are able to get a discount on the price arti-ficially. We are told, on average any-where from $6,000 to $11,000 on the price of an automobile. That is a lot when you are competing. It is not a differential because they 
are more efficient at manufacturing or even paying their people less. It is be-cause they cheat. It is because they cheat. It is not about selling into Japan, which is very difficult right now. But we also know that even if we took away the nontariff trade barriers, they have a culture of wanting to buy their own automobiles, which I wish we shared. It would be less of an issue if 
we in America were buying American. But the concern is that in a global economy, American companies are competing with Japanese companies to go into India—over a billion people—or Brazil or the Middle East or everyplace between America and Japan. 
If we are creating this huge trade 
agreement and we do not address the fact that they can compete with us for those customers in other countries in an unfair way and we do not deal with that, we are forcing our manufacturers to try to compete with their hands tied behind their back. Why would we do that? 
It is our job to make sure they have 
every opportunity to succeed—every opportunity—and that their playing field is level. How many times do we all say those words: ‘‘level playing field,’’ ‘‘level playing field.’’ 
We are hearing from manufacturers 
who want to trade. These are global companies that always support trade agreements. They are saying to us: Pay attention here. This is an issue that has gotten out of hand, that we need in the framework when we are negoti-ating a trade agreement with 40 per-cent of the global economy. For the places that manipulate the currency, we need to make sure they are not doing that. 
That is what the Portman-Stabenow 
amendment takes a step to do. I would like to go even further and say that you do not get fast-track authority un-less you have strong currency enforce-ment in the agreement. This is not that far. This is, in fact, the reasonable middle. It says we are going to have a strong negotiating objective that is tied to enforceable standards under the International Monetary Fund, the WTO, that it is a negotiating principle and we expect that to be in there. We expect it to be in there. But it does not have the hammer of saying you would not get fast-track authority because we want this to be something that has strong bipartisan support, that comes to the middle here in terms of what is viewed as reasonable and supporting the ability to have flexibility in nego-tiations and so on. 
For the life of me, I do not under-
stand the reaction on the other side in terms of the statements that this is a poison pill or that this is some out-rageous thing to say that along with protecting intellectual property rights and focusing on labor standards and en-vironmental protection, that we would have a negotiating objective on cur-rency. 
We do not dictate the outcome of it, 
which I would love to do. We do not do 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:28 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MY6.053 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3041 May 19, 2015 
that. We say, you have to put forward 
your best efforts here, and you have to put folks on notice that we are serious because this is one of our negotiating objectives. When it is time for the vote, I hope that it will be in this next group of amendments. 
We appreciate very much that the 
amendment is pending, and we look forward to a vote. We would like very much to see that happen this evening. There is no reason not to have it. We are ready to have that vote. I think we have about 25 percent of the whole Sen-ate now as cosponsors, and we would love to have more. This is a bipartisan amendment. It is reasonable, and it tackles the No. 1 trade distorting bar-rier right now in the global economy, which is currency manipulation. It does it in a responsible way. 
I will close by saying this. Again, we 
hear that this is a poison pill because the main folks who have been currency manipulating, who would be part of the TPP, do not want this, do not want anything saying the word ‘‘currency’’ that would be possibly enforceable. 
We are hearing that the Bank of 
Japan is not doing it anymore, so you do not need the language. But, by the way, they will walk away from the agreement if you have it in the lan-guage in there. You cannot have it both ways. Either they intend to do it again, and that is why they are object-ing to an agreement with any kind of currency manipulation enforcement, or they are not going to do it again and it should not matter. They can’t have it both ways on this debate. The fact that folks are trying to have it both ways makes me very concerned about what is really going on in the Trans-Pacific Partnership. 
I urge my colleagues to join me and 
Senator P
ORTMAN in passing this very 
reasonable amendment to make cur-rency manipulation a priority in our negotiations. 
I thank the Presiding Officer. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
G
ARDNER ). The Senator from Ohio. 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I second 
the words of the senior Senator from Michigan. She is exactly right about the importance of currency. As she said, it is a negotiating objective. Frankly, I wish we could write even stronger language because we know that the U.S. Trade Representative— whether it is a Trade Representative serving a Democrat or a Republican— doesn’t pay quite as much attention to the negotiating objectives as we want. But there is no reason we shouldn’t write strong negotiating objectives. Senator S
TABENOW ’s amendment with 
my colleague from Ohio is exactly the right major step forward. 
I wish to make one other comment. I 
believe Senator F
RANKEN , Senator 
BOXER , and Senator W HITEHOUSE are 
coming to the floor, along with Sen-ator M
URPHY , Senator C ASEY , Senator 
WARREN , and Senator S TABENOW , to 
speak about amendments that really matter to TPA. There are literally al-most two dozen Democratic Senators 
and I believe at least 8 or 10 Republican Senators—I am not sure of that num-ber—who have good, solid, substantive amendments. That is why I want to see us do what Senator M
CCONNELL has 
talked about, and that is have a full hearing and airing of amendments that are substantive. There are dozens of substantive amendments offered by at least a couple dozen Senators. 
I wish to refer to one thing my col-
league from Ohio said earlier, before Senator S
TABENOW ’s speech, and that is 
about the amendment that refers to leveling the playing field, which we have been working on and which is all about trade enforcement. I jotted down one thing he said, which I want to em-phasize. He said that by the time our government is able to prove injury and prove an unfair trade practice, the in-jury is already so great to our workers and our companies. He expanded on that, and I wish to expand on that for a moment. 
I have spent hours and hours over the 
years visiting plants in Ohio and seeing what happened to a number of our com-panies and the workers who work at those companies when countries such as South Korea engage in unfair trade practices, whether it is steel, coated paper, tires, or dumping oil country tu-bular steel—dumping means they may subsidize capital. In addition to lower wages, it may be water, energy, or land. Having lower wages is not an un-fair trade practice, but the other exam-ples are. We know what that means. It means that our workers can’t compete when they don’t play fair. 
Whether it is Colorado, Ohio, or 
Michigan, we follow the rule of law, so it takes a period of time to prove these companies are engaging in unfair trade practices. We see a number of these countries and companies—it may be Korea, China, or somewhere else—not just gaming the currency system, but we see them so often not being forth-coming even though international laws require that they be forthcoming with information so we can process whether they, in fact, are subsidizing their pro-duction and dumping their product. They may give us inadequate or faulty information or they may give us pur-posely erroneous information. By the time we put together the trade case, small businesses, particularly in the supply chain, have gone out of business or have been damaged beyond their ability to survive long term, and so often, workers have been laid off. 
I saw what happened in Lorain, OH, 
and I saw what has happened in Cleve-land and Gallipolis and Chillicothe. I saw what happened in Trumbull Coun-ty, OH, and Youngstown, OH, when China and Korea cheated on the oil country tubular steel issue. 
Leveling the playing field will help 
us fight back. That is why so many cor-porations and labor unions support this legislation. 
It matters to our communities be-
cause when a plant closes and workers are laid off, it is not just those workers 
and those families who are affected, it devastates the community. Fire-fighters, teachers, and police end up getting laid off, and the community is less safe. All of those things happen be-cause we don’t stand up and enforce trade law, we don’t stand up for our international interests, and we don’t stand up for our economic security and our community interests. That is why the Stabenow amendment on currency is so important, and that is why the Brown-Portman amendment is impor-tant—so we can level the playing field. 
We have at least half a dozen Repub-
lican sponsors, and we have a number of Democratic sponsors as well. That language was so uncontroversial that it was adopted in the Finance Com-mittee in the managers’ package in the underlying bill that Senator H
ATCH and 
Senator W YDEN negotiated at the be-
ginning, about a month or so ago. 
I applaud Senator S TABENOW for her 
work on currency. 
I urge my colleagues, first of all, to 
make the amendment on leveling the playing field pending, and second, to move on this legislation. 
I also appreciate the leadership Sen-
ator W
HITEHOUSE , who just joined us on 
the floor, has shown on these trade agreements. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Michigan. 
Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, I 
know Senator W
HITEHOUSE is here and 
I have already spoken, but I wish to echo Senator B
ROWN ’s strong appeal 
that we vote on the leveling the play-ing field amendment. It is critical. 
We have seen communities across 
Michigan as well as throughout the country that have been devastated. We not only lose good-paying jobs when a plant closes, but we lose small busi-nesses from across the street, and it af-fects the whole community. 
This is an incredibly important 
amendment. I hope we will get a vote on it. I believe the votes are here to support that amendment on a bipar-tisan basis, and I think it is critical that we vote and adopt it. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I 
have an amendment which I wish to discuss. 
About a year ago, we as a Senate, 
unanimously by a voice vote, ratified four treaties that helped protect Amer-ican fisheries from illegal, unreported, and unregulated fishing around the world. It is called pirate fishing. This was an effort by the Oceans Caucus. It was led by me and then-Senator Begich on our side and Senator M
URKOWSKI  
and Senator W ICKER on the other side 
of the aisle. It was hotlined on both sides and cleared. 
It is a useful treaty to be in. It is im-
portant for our American fishing indus-try to make sure that they are not being punished or harmed by foreign competitors who are not fishing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MY6.054 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3042 May 19, 2015 
sustainably, fishing illegally, or vio-
lating the laws of the jurisdiction in which they are fishing. Because of their misbehavior, they are able to bring catch to market less expensively than fishermen who play by the rules. 
I ask unanimous consent that the 
pending amendment be set aside so I may call up my amendment No. 1387. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Ms. CANTWELL. Objection. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I 
understand there are issues on the floor that need to be resolved and there are objections pending, but I did wish to speak to this amendment. It is an amendment I hope can either get a vote or, because of its noncontrover-sial, bipartisan status, perhaps can be added at a time when there is a man-agers’ amendment or some means of dealing with noncontroversial addi-tions to this legislation. 
So the objection having been made to 
my request, I will yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Minnesota. 
Mr. FRANKEN. Mr. President, I rise 
to speak briefly on the trade legisla-tion before us and on the importance of considering and voting on amendments that would improve it. I have sub-mitted amendments of my own. I am co-leading a pair of amendments with Senator B
ALDWIN , and there are a num-
ber of very important amendments that I support. 
We are talking about how we will 
consider trade agreements that would cover a major portion of the entire global economy. That is a very impor-tant subject, and I believe we need to fully debate this bill. I also believe we need to have votes on a number of amendments to make this bill better than it currently is. 
I believe that when trade is done 
right, it can benefit our workers, our communities, and our businesses. But I am concerned that the fast-track pro-cedures set up by the trade promotion authority bill we are considering will not do enough to make sure we do trade right. So, at a minimum, I be-lieve we should debate and have votes on a number of amendments that would considerably strengthen this bill. 
I have submitted two amendments of 
my own. One of my amendments would strengthen the negotiating objective on labor and environmental standards in the trade promotion authority bill. Right now, the bill effectively says that partner countries violate those standards only when they fail to en-force labor or environmental laws on a sustained and recurring basis. The no-tion that violations of standards need to be sustained and recurring to really count as violations is not found else-where in the bill and doesn’t hold with respect to, for example, intellectual property, digital trade, or regulatory practices. My very simple amendment would take out ‘‘sustained and recur-
ring’’ so that a labor violation is a labor violation. 
My other amendment is my Commu-
nity College to Career Fund Act, which is designed to address the skills gap where there are jobs open in our coun-try because there are not workers with the right skills to fill them. Just like Senator S
TABENOW ’s amendment on re-
newing the community college portion of trade adjustment assistance, or TAA, of which I am a cosponsor, my amendment will bolster workforce de-velopment and training. 
The community college portion of 
TAA has been successful in helping to retrain workers and communities that have been harmed by trade, and that is a good thing. My amendment builds on this by helping community colleges partner with business sectors in order to improve our ability to get people into jobs in manufacturing that are high-skilled jobs or in IT or in health care by providing them the skills they need. This will make all of our commu-nities more resilient and economically successful. 
I am also proud to co-lead two 
amendments with Senator B
ALDWIN of 
Wisconsin on our trade remedy laws. One would prevent trade negotiations from weakening those laws, and the other would strengthen the language in the TPA bill on trade remedy laws—the laws that enforce our trade policies and protect our domestic industries from dumped and subsidized imports from other countries. 
In Minnesota, I have seen firsthand 
the damage that happens when we don’t have and, just as importantly, can’t enforce strong trade protections. In the last few months alone, we have seen what happens when other coun-tries unfairly dump their goods here. In this case, it was steel products. Nearly 1,000 Minnesotans are losing their jobs after a flood of dumped steel imports. Our provisions stand up for American manufacturers by putting in place and enforcing fair trade practices. 
In addition to these amendments, 
there are many other important amendments my colleagues have of-fered on currency manipulation, inves-tor-state dispute settlement, ‘‘Buy American,’’ and a number of other issues. 
I believe that these issues are worth 
debating and that we should be voting on amendments on the important sub-jects which I have mentioned as well as 
on other important subjects. 
In my view, this bill is in need of sub-
stantial improvement, and we should not cut off the process of trying to make those improvements. We need to be voting on amendments, and we need to be working to improve this bill. 
I thank the Presiding Officer. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I have 
been listening to colleagues speak about the importance of having a very open process here where we can offer our amendments and make this fast- track a better deal for the middle class and for jobs in our Nation. It is rather shocking to recognize that this huge agreement, which is going to cover 40 percent of trade in this world, is being 
jammed down our throats in a couple of days. It is ridiculous. When we look at other agreements, they have had far more time. We have well over 100 amendments filed and we have been of-fered 6 amendments. 
I know the Senator from Washington 
has laid down the gauntlet on the Ex- Im Bank. I support her. We have dif-fering views on the underlying bill, but I think she is right because it is really hard to imagine passing this huge bill and then ignoring the fact that Ex-Im Bank is going to go away. 
To me, as chairman of the Environ-
ment and Public Works Committee, recognizing that the entire highway bill is ending—the entire highway pro-gram is ending on May 31—to take up this bill without taking care of that is absurd. To take up this bill before rais-ing the minimum wage is ridiculous. To take up this bill before we make sure we have comprehensive immigra-tion reform so workers can come out of the shadows is just the height of insan-ity. To take up this bill before we have taken up the Ex-Im Bank, as I know my friend from Washington has ex-plained, is absurd. We have deals that are pending with our small businesses through the Ex-Im Bank. They are going to be entirely upended. 
So I took the majority leader at his 
word. I thought we were going to have votes to put the enforcement inside this bill, and now that doesn’t appear to be happening. 
Let me just tell my colleagues about 
the amendment I wish to offer. I think it would pass here overwhelmingly. I have no illusions that we will be al-lowed to vote on it, but it simply says: If a country doesn’t have a minimum wage of at least 2 bucks an hour, we can’t fast-track a trade agreement with that country. Let me reiterate. The amendment simply says: You can’t be fast-tracked if you don’t pay at least $2 an hour. 
Let’s talk about it. Why is this im-
portant? I voted for fast-track for NAFTA. What a mistake that was. President Clinton promised us the world. Republicans and Democrats who were protrade promised us the world. Do we know what happened? We lost 700,000 jobs, mostly in manufacturing. What makes my colleagues think we are not going to see these 12 million manufacturing jobs leave when Chile pays $1.91 an hour—$1.91 an hour. Ma-laysia pays $1.21 an hour. Peru pays $1.15 an hour. Mexico pays 80 cents an hour. Vietnam pays 58 cents an hour. Brunei and Singapore, well, they have no minimum wage at all. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MY6.056 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3043 May 19, 2015 
So we have a very simple amendment 
here which I don’t believe I will ever get a chance to offer, but it is simple. 
I know if I went outside and asked 
the average American how they felt and said: Do you think it is right for us to do a trade deal with countries that pay poverty wages, slave wages to their people—how are we going to compete with that? And people say: Oh, well, our workers are smarter. 
That is right. But those workers, let 
me tell my colleagues, are very smart in Chile and Malaysia and Peru and Mexico and Vietnam and Brunei and Singapore. They are very good. It is tragic that they are in countries that pay them slave wages. That is this great deal we are going to make. 
It is true that Australia has a very 
high minimum wage of $13.47; New Zea-land, $10.87; Canada, $8.69. And I am embarrassed to say ours is still $7.25. Our States and cities are making up for it by raising their minimum wages. It is a tragedy. This is a race to the bot-tom. Japan has $6.51; and then we get to Chile at $1.91; Malaysia, $1.21; Peru at $1.15; Mexico at 80 cents; Vietnam at 58 cents; and Brunei and Singapore have no minimum wages whatsoever. 
So I have this very good amendment, 
and I hope it makes it onto the list, I say to the majority leader. Then I have a series of amendments that deal with the environment. 
If we are worried about an 
extrajudicial system to overturn our laws, all we have to do is look at what the World Trade Organization did yes-terday when they said we cannot have country-of-origin labeling without get-ting tariffs put on our products. It had to do with beef. I am sure the Presiding Officer cares a lot about that. The fact is that country-of-origin labeling is critical. I want to know where the beef comes from because there have been all kinds of tragedies with diseases with beef, and I want to buy American. But the World Trade Organization said no. They said that is a trade barrier. Guess what it means? It means that if we don’t cancel out that law, they are going to put tariffs not just on beef, they are going to put tariffs on wine, on our strawberries, our fruits, our vegetables, everything. They are going to put tariffs on it. 
So here we are about to go into this 
massive trade deal with countries that pay slave wages, that have terrible en-vironmental laws, with an extrajudicial process where companies can sue our States, sue our Nation if they say that the laws we have are bar-riers, and we are going to do all this on a Thursday so people can go on their trips. Uh-uh. No. I say no. That is wrong. We need to have votes on all of these things. 
I will tell my colleagues, we could 
see polluters bringing cases in front of this new extrajudicial body and saying: Sorry, but the Clean Power Plan is making us spend too much money. Toxic laws here in America are making us spend too much money. Your laws against lead poisoning are making us 
spend too much money. Your laws con-trolling formaldehyde, California, are costing us too much money. 
Then we are going to see lawsuits— 
and we have seen them in the past— and all we have to do is look at what happened with the WTO, the World Trade Organization, and we are in big trouble. 
So on the one hand we are making a 
deal with seven nations that have slave wages or no minimum wage, so bye- bye, manufacturing; and secondly, we have this extrajudicial body that Sen-ator E
LIZABETH WARREN has been so el-
oquent about that can actually over-rule America’s laws and California’s laws and Colorado’s laws and Wash-ington State’s laws. And I have a num-
ber of amendments here that state that if we have laws that deal with toxic substances in toys—that is Boxer 1356— you can’t mess with that. I have an-other one that says if we have laws that reduce exposure to known cancer- causing substances, you can’t overrule those laws, but I can’t get that on the list. My amendment is not on the list. 
I have one that says that if we have 
laws that make sure pesticides are safe, sorry, we are not going to stand by and allow this extrajudicial process to work. That should be exempted, and toxic gas pollutants should be exempt-ed, such as mercury and asbestos expo-sure. So all of my amendments make sure we do not enter into new trade agreements that have the effect of 
changing our longstanding environ-mental principle of ‘‘polluters pay’’ into ‘‘polluters get paid.’’ That is what this is about. A polluter can sue in this trade agreement. 
I went downstairs. I had to give up 
all my electronics. I couldn’t take notes with me, but I know enough to see what this is about. A polluter can go and make the case that Colorado or California has protective laws, and, by God, it made them pay more money to produce their products, and they ask for millions of dollars. 
This is not a fiction. This has hap-
pened in past trade agreements. Be-lieve me. Countries have paid through the nose and have had to repeal their laws. So we are rushing into a fast- track vote on something that is very dangerous. It is dangerous to the mid-dle class. It is dangerous for jobs. And we are pushing it ahead of things that we ought to be doing, such as raising the minimum wage, passing the Ex-Im Bank, passing immigration laws, put-ting together the funding for a high-way bill. We haven’t raised the gas tax in 20 years. If we raise it a penny every quarter till we raise about 6 cents or 8 cents, it would cost the average driver 30 bucks. We can fix the 69 bridges that are collapsing. We can fix the 50 per-cent of roads that are out of compli-ance and not safe. And we can create 3 million jobs. But, oh, no, we are not doing that agenda for the middle class. We are doing things that threaten the middle class and that further threaten the health and safety of our people. So I hope working with Senator 
M
CCONNELL and Senator B ROWN and 
Senator W YDEN , we can get a path for-
ward here to hear our amendments. 
We have a promise from the majority 
leader: This is a new day. 
The press asked me: Is this a new day 
in the Senate with Senator M CCON-
NELL ? I said no—not. 
I can’t get my amendments in. I have 
10 amendments up. I can’t get them on any list. Maybe it is because they don’t want to vote on this—the protrade peo-ple. They don’t want to vote to say that any deal with a country that doesn’t pay at least two bucks an hour can’t be fast-tracked. It is a hard vote. It is a hard vote, and I want that vote. So I am going to do everything in my power to solve this. I am going to use every tool at my disposal. I know the Senator from Washington is already doing it for me, in a way, but I stand as a backup here, because I don’t like this being jammed down the throats of the people. This is wrong. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Connecticut. 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, 
these trade agreements are big deals. Trade promotion authority used to mean setting tariffs. Now they can af-fect everything from the safety of our food to the working conditions of peo-ple around the world and environ-mental standards. Very frankly and simply, that means that Americans should know what the agreements say and what our government is saying about them, and they should be given that information while there is a meaningful chance to influence them. 
I hope to influence them through this 
deliberative process. It is supposed to be open and transparent. I have two amendments—one that would promote greater transparency in trade agree-ments and the second to help ensure that foreign countries cannot use trade agreements to undermine the safety and security of America’s food supply. 
First, on the subject of transparency, 
nothing is more fundamental than for the American people to know what is in these trade agreements. Despite their significance, despite the far- reaching ramifications and implica-tions they have for our American econ-omy and, indeed, our way of life, they are being negotiated in secret. In fact, Members of Congress can view them only if they go to secure locations, and staff of Members of Congress can see them only if they are accompanied by the Members themselves. The real problem is not Members of Congress or their staff but the American public who are kept in the dark. They are the supposed beneficiaries of these deals, and yet they are kept from knowing what is in them. The TPA would allow the text of an agreement to be made public only after it is already final-ized—a point that is way too late for the people most directly and urgently affected by the deals to do anything but try to get Congress to vote down 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MY6.061 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3044 May 19, 2015 
the whole thing in its entirety at once. 
That is not productive. That is not fair. 
More transparency would allow 
issues over a particular provision to be resolved individually on their own. This kind of practice is not in accord-ance with our democratic condition, an open and transparent process to set policy—whether it is trade policy or any other issue of economic and polit-ical consequence. 
So making the TPA more trans-
parent is a relatively easy fix. My amendment would do it. This amend-ment would require the publication of ‘‘formal proposals advanced by the United States in negotiations for a trade agreement.’’ 
‘‘Formal proposals advanced by the 
United States in negotiations for a trade agreement’’—that means that the United States, when it takes an of-ficial position and offers it to another country, ought to tell the American people, its own people—not just the people who are rulers of another coun-try but our own people. They have a right to know when this administra-tion or any other offers something to people of another country, and my amendment would require that basic protection and transparency. 
Very importantly, this amendment 
would not prohibit confidential nego-tiations or closed-door deliberations. Some off-the-record discussion, no question, is necessary for effective con-sideration of any multilateral agree-ment. And this amendment would not affect negotiations specifically relating to tariffs and similar market-access provisions that are the traditional sub-jects of trade negotiations. 
Some negotiations have to be done in 
confidence—in private—but basic posi-tions, official proposals, are outside of this realm—proposals that look more like traditional legislative policy-making, because they can involve give or take, sacrifices from the American people, and give and take by other countries. They can align standards for regulations across a number of areas, from drug development to finance. 
Other countries can be encouraged. 
They can be empowered to adopt stronger protections for workers, for clean air and water and more. But harm can be done if trade agreements undermine American laws and Amer-ican protections for health, safety, and security of our citizens. 
There are a number of amendments 
that I have supported that will directly address labor issues, environmental issues, and security issues. This amendment would simply ensure that all of these issues are considered in an open, fair, and transparent way, so the American people—not just we in this Chamber, not just our negotiators, not just the President and his advisers— know what is happening. 
Publication of formal proposals, 
which is a term of art in trade agree-ments, would bring American trans-parency practice in line with the gen-eral practices of our European allies. 
The European Union countries engaged in the TTIP negotiations announcing that they will post on the Internet all textual proposals that will be offered to the United States, as well as posi-tion papers, establishing their ap-proach and analysis. And America should simply do the same. We are a nation that prides itself on leading the world in transparency, openness, and democracy. We should not be behind our European allies on that score. 
I am very grateful for the support of 
Senator B
ROWN , a tremendous leader in 
this effort to ensure that American trade agreements work for the Amer-ican people, as well as Senator B
ALD-
WIN and Senator U DALL . And I urge 
other colleagues to support this amendment and the other amendments that I am offering on food safety. 
And I am grateful, again, to have the 
support of Senator B
ROWN on this one. 
It would establish as a principal nego-tiating objective of the United States the protection and promotion of strong food safety laws as well as regulations and inspections. Enforcement is key. Standards are vital. Ensuring that trade agreements do not weaken or di-minish our food safety standards ought to be a given. 
We take for granted all too often 
that our food is safe until we discover that it isn’t, until we find there are food poisonings and tragedies that re-sult from unsafe food. We saw it at the beginning of the last century. Unscru-pulous corporations can cut corners by skimping on food safety or worse, by introducing dangerous additives or adulterations to foods, making them or processing them under unsafe or unac-ceptable conditions. They may save money, but they sacrifice lives and safety. The consequences in real lives and real time can be disastrous—not only in lives but in dollars. 
The majority of food manufacturers 
and producers take their safety respon-sibilities seriously. The majority in this country certainly do. But what about abroad? What about in another country? What about in countries where the standards are nonexistent or not enforced? A campaign of dedicated advocacy and scientific research led to a system of food inspection in this country, which is far from perfect but way ahead of other countries, and it gives Americans the confidence they need and deserve to walk into any su-permarket or restaurant in this coun-try and feel trust—deserved because it is earned and because the laws are en-forced. 
Not all countries, unfortunately, fol-
low these practices. Few countries have the standards that ours does. Food production is still under-in-spected, spoiled or adulterated in those countries, and that is the product that we want excluded from this country if they fail to meet those standards. I am concerned that this trade agreement will affect our own food safety regula-tions by introducing those deficient products—unsafe food—into this coun-
try. 
My amendment directs negotiators 
to ensure that imports of that food do not undermine the trust and confidence of our people in our own food supply as well as products from abroad. Coun-tries with less stringent standards in protecting their citizens should not be permitted to use trade agreements to force this country to imitate them. 
Trade is a crucial part of the Amer-
ican economy. It is an essential part of our Connecticut economy. Trade, when it is done right, is a great boon to many people and our entire economy. Defense and aerospace, small manufac-turers, furniture and food companies in Connecticut all thrive because of trade. I want the world to see what Con-necticut businesses have to offer, what our exports can do for them. 
I know we can compete with anyone. 
I know how important exports are to my State, but I also know trade deals can have negative, unintended con-sequences, which is what we want to prevent; consequences in abuses by for-eign governments seeking to subvert or circumvent American regulations or by giant multinational companies looking to move jobs and capital to where labor is cheapest and can be exploited easiest or where health or environmental pro-tections are weakest. 
My amendments would help ensure 
that the American people know what are in these trade agreements before they are approved, while they are nego-tiated, and when our food can be pro-tected and transparency assured. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oregon. 
Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, dur-
ing this trade debate, we have often heard a lot about the words ‘‘enforce-ment’’ or ‘‘enforceable,’’ particularly the phrase ‘‘enforceable labor and envi-ronmental standards.’’ But the fact is there are no enforceable labor and en-vironmental standards. There is no new generation of treaty in the TPP that is going to create something we have not had before. 
What we have had before has simply 
failed us. Why is that? Well, we had side agreements on labor and the envi-ronment in NAFTA. Much is made of the fact that, well, we are not going to have side agreements anymore; we are actually going to put these standards right in the treaty itself. So somehow folks are arguing in support of this treaty that moving the print from over here to here somehow makes is it more effective. 
That is not the case. We had the 
same labor and environmental stand-ards in the agreements we passed a few years ago, agreements I voted against—the agreement with Colombia, the agreement with Korea. 
But what have we seen over time? 
Have we ever seen any of these labor objectives and these environmental standards enforced? Let me give you a sense of what we are talking about. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MY6.063 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3045 May 19, 2015 
Under the International Labor Organi-
zation, ILO, they have a set of stand-ards. They have lots of details. But there are things like freedom of asso-
ciation and the right to collective bar-gaining and elimination of forced labor or compulsory labor, as it is referred to, the abolition of child labor, the elimination of discrimination in the workplace. 
Certainly, at the heart of this—back 
to the right of collective bargaining—is the right of unions to organize, the right of workers to talk to each other and to bargain for a fair return for their efforts. But have we ever enforced a single ILO provision? No, we have not. In fact, we have only challenged the terrible labor practices in another nation once; that is, Guatemala. That went through years before we officially challenged it, and now it is still not re-solved some 8 years after it was first challenged. 
Is there anything new that changes 
the process in the anticipated Trans- Pacific Partnership? No, it is the same process: put in the ILO standards and hope people will aspire to honor them— hope, the same hope that has failed us time and time again in treaty after treaty. So the next time someone comes to this floor and says there is an enforceable labor standard, no one should believe it because it is not there. 
We have not enforced one labor 
standard, not one. Guatemala is the only one we have challenged, and that one, after 8 years, we still have not re-solved it. How about environmental standards? Have we filed challenges on environmental standards? What are these environmental standards? Well, basically it is a requirement to honor international treaties. 
No, these things are violated all over 
the place, but we have not challenged them a single time. Now, why is it that the United States does not challenge these violations? Well, first, it has to be a government-to-government ac-tion, when an issue is raised and folks are told: Hey, government, U.S. Gov-ernment, you really should do some-thing about trade unionists being mur-dered in Colombia. 
Well, no, if we object, it will create 
ripples in the relationship. So the U.S. Government does not want to take ac-tion. It does not want to create ripples in the relationship. But if pressed, folks come and say: You know, it real-ly matters that you said you would en-force this, U.S. Government, but you are not. You should really do some-thing. 
Well, you know, if we object to the 
way they are conducting themselves in regard to labor and environmental standards, there will be retaliatory ac-tions against the United States. Then it will just be: We will challenge them, they will challenge us, and it will go on for years and years. It will disrupt the whole relationship. Why would we do that? 
If that is not enough, then if the gov-
ernment, our government, is really se-rious about enforcing something, then 
the companies that have invested in that nation, then they come forward and say: Wait. The whole goal of this trade agreement was to create a stable environment for investing. If you chal-lenge and try to have them honor the labor and environmental provisions, ul-timately, not only will it produce re-taliatory actions that will be poten-tially harmful, but if you should win somewhere down the line, that means there may be tariffs on the products that we produce in that country and they will not be able to enter the United States. Please do not mess up our investment in that nation. 
So for these reasons, there has been 
no enforcement—none. Again, there was one effort in Guatemala never re-solved. There is nothing new in this an-ticipated Trans-Pacific Partnership that would operate any differently. 
How about if we had snapback provi-
sions? We have been talking quite a lot on the situation with Iran, that if we reach an agreement with them in June, Congress is going to want to make sure that if there are violations of the agreement, that the controls on Ira-nian trade that have been effective in bringing them to the negotiating table will snap back into place to make sure folks really respond in Iran to honoring the agreement. 
Is there any snapback provision an-
ticipated, new strategy, this new tool to make sure the agreements are actu-ally honored? No, there are not. So the old system has not worked. There is no new system. There has been no enforce-ment. Anyone who tells you there are enforceable labor and environmental standards is not telling you the truth because there are not. That is why we need to change the negotiations. 
Now, the goal of fast-track was to lay 
out a series of objectives for the U.S. Government to pursue in writing an agreement on trade with other nations. 
This is a little bit complicated now, 
because when you raise up an idea and say this should be addressed, the ad-ministration says, well, yes, but we have already negotiated this treaty. We cannot go back to the negotiating table and change it. We are 95 to 98 per-cent complete. 
So, for example, we have been raising 
the issue of currency manipulation. This is a fundamental—fundamental— provision of what should be in a trade agreement, because when you get rid of a tariff, you can create an effective tar-iff on your trading partner’s products and a subsidy on your own through intervention in the currency markets. It is known as currency manipulation. It should be covered, but it is not. 
When you talk to the administration, 
the administration says we just cannot go back and talk about things that we have not already put on the table. So that would be unacceptable for us to 
take on this important provision now because we have already negotiated the agreement. 
Well, then, what is really the point of 
fast-track, if it is not to lay out the standards that are expected for an 
agreement? In that case, it is nothing but a rubberstamp for an already nego-tiated treaty that does not meet the things that folks in this room are say-ing are important to have. In that case, it just simply becomes a greased track for approving the treaty or the agree-ment, as it is referred to. It is not re-ferred to as a treaty. Why not? When it creates an international body that can assess fines on the United States, does that not qualify as a treaty? No. Be-cause the folks who are negotiating this do not want it to be subject to the supermajority that the Constitution requires for a treaty. So they say we will call it an agreement. That will fix that. Now it is only a simple majority vote, and we will get this fast-track under the argument that Congress is getting a chance to say what needs to be in the treaty—but not really be-cause we refuse to take any item we haven’t already put in the agreement. 
So that is really the state of affairs. 
That is why, instead of simply having negotiating objectives, we need to have negotiating standards that have to be met before an agreement is brought back to this body under the fast-track rule. Objectives are just wishful think-ing, wishful thinking that you have some type of ‘‘enforceable labor provi-sions,’’ wishful thinking that there are some forms of enforceable environ-mental standards. 
Is that really enough? Is that all we 
are asking for is a little bit of wishful thinking, when we already know it is not going to be honored? So let’s put in mandatory negotiating objectives in these two categories. That is why I have submitted amendment No. 1369. I ask unanimous consent that the pend-ing amendment be set aside and that my amendment be brought up. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Ms. CANTWELL. I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
Mr. MERKLEY. Thank you, Mr. 
President. 
I am saddened to hear that there is 
an objection in a context in which the majority leader has argued that he is going to have a robust and open amendment process. So why is there an objection to bringing an amendment forward to debate a core issue, which speech after speech after speech in sup-port of this agreement—this fast-track to accelerate consideration of TPP— has referred to enforceable labor stand-ards? Why not debate an amendment that would actually require enforceable labor standards? Why not? 
Well, because apparently that is not 
a serious goal. Let’s turn to another piece of this. There is a part of this system referred to as ‘‘dispute settle-ment,’’ an international system of dis-pute settlement, ISDS. What this does is it sets up a tribunal not subject to American law. It is an international tribunal, has one person chosen by America and one chosen by a foreign 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MY6.057 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3046 May 19, 2015 
investor and one chosen by the com-
bination. 
This group, this ISDS, is empowered 
to apply a series of standards and say that an action by our country has dam-aged the interest of a foreign investor, and the foreign investor must be com-pensated or, if they are not com-pensated, that the law has to be changed. Well, really this whole con-
cept was generated to protect Amer-ican investments in countries that had weak judicial systems because that way, if you had an investment and the foreign country tried to expropriate it, change the law so you could not sell what you were making or something of that nature, there was a way to address that. 
One can understand why American 
businesses would want that sort of sta-bility. You can also understand why countries with poor judicial systems would want to sign on to such a system in order to encourage investment in their country. They want the jobs. They want that foreign investment. 
But in the United States, we have a 
good judicial system. Why would we allow it to be displaced by an inter-national tribunal—a tribunal that has not even been approved through the treaty process, mandated in the Con-stitution? Why would we give the power to three corporate lawyers who have conflicts of interest—there is no prohibition on conflicts of interest for the members who serve as judges—and allow them to rule on our consumer laws, allow them to rule on our public health laws, allow them to rule on our environmental laws? Quite frankly, that is giving away a significant piece of our sovereignty, carving a big hole out of our judicial system and handing it over to an international tribunal. If that doesn’t constitute something that should qualify for treaty status—giving away a chunk of sovereignty out of our judicial system—I don’t know what would qualify for a treaty. But this lit-tle slick game is underway of calling it an agreement in order to bypass our constitutional standard. And what does that mean? That means if a State says ‘‘We no longer want to allow chemicals to be put into our carpets because those flame retardants are causing can-cer in our children,’’ a foreign investor who has set up a factory to make flame retardants can file suit against the United States and say they have been damaged as a foreign investor. The for-eign investor gets rights that do not belong to in-country investors. Why should we give special rights to foreign investors that American investors do not have? 
Why should we proceed and have a la-
beling law on e-cigarettes—a new chal-lenge, if you will? Let’s say, for exam-ple, that we require mandatory caps, childproof caps on the bottles. Let’s say we banned the flavorings on e-ciga-rettes. Those flavorings are things such as double chocolate delight or any other number of candy flavors, bubble gum—you name it. If it sounds like candy, there is a container of liquid 
nicotine with that name on it. So you take away the flavorings, you greatly diminish the sales targeted at our youth. 
Why would we control the flavorings? 
Well, we passed a law in 2009 that gave that power to the FDA, the Food and Drug Administration. The Food and Drug Administration has done an ini-tial draft deeming regulation. Under this draft deeming regulation, they at-tempt to control or perhaps may con-trol the flavorings. They would do so because cigarette companies—that is, tobacco companies—are targeting our children because they know that addic-tion occurs before the age of 21. You want to get our middle school and high school children puffing on e-cigarettes so that they will be addicted before they reach 21 because by then the brain has developed to the degree that people rarely get addicted. 
So we, in protection of the health of 
our children, have seriously consid-ered—created a framework for regu-lating this candy-flavored attack on the health of our youth. That is why we do it, for the protection of our youth. But along comes a foreign in-vestor who set up a factory to create liquid nicotine and says: I can’t sell my product now because I invested in all this equipment to do all these candy flavors and you are banning it. You ei-ther have to change your law or I get to be compensated. 
So we should carve out of this ISDS 
settlement, if we have it at all—and I think it should be opt-in. A country that wants foreign investment because they know they have a shaky judicial system should opt into it. We would not opt in because we have a fair judi-cial system. But if it is going to exist, it should definitely carve out our pub-lic health, our consumer laws, and our environmental laws. And that is ex-actly why I have amendment No. 1401. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the pending amendment be set aside and amendment No. 1401 be called up. 
Ms. CANTWELL. Objection. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
D
AINES ). Objection is heard. 
Mr. MERKLEY. I will keep pushing 
for consideration of my amendments, which are being banned from consider-ation on this floor, because if we are going to have a ‘‘robust and open amendment process,’’ we should, in fact, have a robust and open amend-ment process and consider these seri-ous issues before us. 
So let’s turn to a third area, which is 
the fact that the Trans-Pacific Part-nership—you hear robust labor protec-tions that level the playing field. Well, a level playing field would involve roughly similar standards between countries. So is there anything that levels in any way the vast difference between the minimum wage in some of the prospective TPP countries and other countries? The answer is no, not a thing. The single most important labor differential between the nations 
is not addressed in any shape or form. 
So if we were to look at the min-
imum wages, we would find, as the Sen-ator from California noted earlier, that Brunei and Singapore have no min-imum wage at all. Mexico and Vietnam are under $1 in minimum wage. Malay-sia, Peru, and Chile are under $2.50. So basically we have 7 countries out of 
this group of 12 that have a minimum wage that either doesn’t exist or is under roughly $2.50. That is very dif-ferent from the other five countries in this agreement. These are countries such as the United States, with a min-imum wage at $7.25—it should be high-er, but it is $7.25; Japan’s is $8.17; Can-ada has a minimum wage of $9.75; New Zealand, $11.18; and Australia’s is $16.87—more than double the United States, which was surprising to me. 
Well, if you have this vast difference 
and you have manufacturers in the United States, Japan, Canada, New Zealand, and Australia, these manufac-turers would like to play off China against Malaysia and Malaysia against Vietnam and Vietnam against Mexico because that way they can drive the lowest possible wages between these countries. 
Let me be quick to say that there are 
American companies—highly respon-sible American companies—that de-pend on overseas manufacturing that are very careful in monitoring their subcontractors and the conditions in which their subcontractors operate. These are often the brands that we know well, that are pillars in our com-munity. But for every one of those, there are dozens of contractors and subcontractors that are seeking the lowest possible cost to make some-thing, and that is why they want to play off these countries against each other. Oh, Malaysia, you are raising your minimum wage. Oh, you are en-forcing your environmental standard. We are going to increase production in our Vietnamese factory. Oh, Vietnam, you now are saying you want to honor the ILO labor standard? Well, that is a problem. We are going to produce more in our Mexico factory. So this is open-ing a race to the bottom. 
If we are going to come to the floor— 
as many have—to say that there are fundamentally even labor standards be-tween the countries in this agreement, shouldn’t we have even standards? Shouldn’t we have an even minimum wage standard or at a minimum at least require there to be a base min-imum wage and then have that raised over time for participants so as to re-duce the differential between the high-est paid and the lowest paid? Because not only does this system set up an ability and an effort to play off Malay-sia against Mexico, against Vietnam, but it also sets up a situation where the conversation is like this: Oh, so here in America we are going to raise our minimum wage. Well, that means we are going to have to shift another 1,000 jobs somewhere else—maybe to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MY6.058 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3047 May 19, 2015 
Malaysia, maybe to Vietnam. Maybe 
we will use the WTO and go to China. 
It has a big impact on suppressing 
living wages in our country, and we have seen this impact. Since 1974, we have seen productivity soar in our country, but the actual return to work-ers, inflation adjusted, has been flat and then declining for the last 10 years. Families are having a terribly difficult time getting by. 
So not only do we have a stake in 
fairness not to create a race to the bot-tom between Malaysia, Vietnam, Mex-ico, and Peru, but we also have an in-centive not to create a situation where U.S. living wages are constantly evis-cerated under the threat of shipping those jobs overseas. Well, maybe we will assemble it here, but we will do more of our subcomponents in those countries. And once you set up an ef-fective, efficient factory overseas, it makes it easier and easier to ship those. 
That is why I have an amendment 
that says: At a minimum, let’s fill this gaping gap. Let’s proceed to require there to be, as part of the negotiations, the negotiation of a minimum wage for entry and for that minimum wage to be gradually increased in order to dimin-ish the disparities between the high- wage countries, of which there are five in this agreement, and the low-wage countries, of which there are seven. This would be good to end the play off of one low-wage country against an-other, and it would be good to diminish the comparative advantage of low-wage countries in terms of taking manufac-turing out of the United States. That is why I drafted amendment No. 1409. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the pending amendment be set aside and for my amendment No. 1409 to be called up. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection. 
Ms. CANTWELL. I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
Mr. MERKLEY. I am zero for three 
now in terms of being able to get sub-stantive amendments, serious amend-ments on this floor for debate, but I will try to on one more, and this one is anchored in recent news that we have seen the country-of-origin labeling—or COOL, as it is called—country-of-origin labeling standard knocked down just yesterday. What does this mean? This means it is going to be considered a trade violation for us to inform Ameri-cans on where their meat comes from. Isn’t it a fundamental right in our country to know where our food comes from? Shouldn’t we always have the right to know that? But we have en-gaged in a trade agreement—a previous trade agreement—and now the adjudi-cating body of that agreement says: No, no, no. That is unfair, to tell peo-ple where the meat comes from. Well, I think that is wrong, absolutely 100 per-cent wrong. Every American consumer should have the right to know where their meat comes from, and if I want to buy American-grown beef, I should 
have the right to do that, and I can’t exercise that right unless I know—on the package—where it was grown. 
If there are human rights violations 
or labor violations in Colombia and I don’t want to buy Colombia meat until they fix their labor negotiations, I should have the right to use my dollar to buy my meat from the United States of America and not meat grown in Co-lombia. But that has been struck down because we gave away previously a chunk of our sovereignty. That is the danger of giving away the sovereignty of the United States of America to an international group that strikes down fundamental rights that every one of us should have. So let’s fix that. 
That is why I drafted amendment No. 
1404 which would declare that the right to establish information for consumers about where their food comes from will not be violated by the agreement that is brought back to the Senate. 
I hope everyone will join me in unan-
imous consent in saying that abso-lutely we are going to defend the rights of Americans to know where their food comes from. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the pending amendment be set aside and that amendment No. 1404 be brought up in order that we should all be able to exercise our rights to not buy products from countries that we find in violation of fundamental human rights or other labor abuses or environ-mental errors. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Ms. CANTWELL. Objection. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
Mr. MERKLEY. I see my colleagues 
on the floor who have their own amendments to address. I will conclude by saying that if I can’t get up one of my four amendments to be debated—all substantive and all addressing key components of this agreement—then this is not a robust process, this is not an open process, and I ask the majority leader to keep his vision that he laid out on this floor that this would be an open process and a robust process. 
Thank you. Several Senators addressed the 
Chair. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wyoming. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I rise to 
speak about the pending business, which is the trade promotion author-ity, also known as TPA, adding to the many initials we are throwing around these days. 
I thought the Senate came to an 
agreement to move forward on this leg-islation, and as promised by the major-ity leader allowing amendments, but we are not getting to vote. I hope we can note that the objections are not coming from the Republican side of the aisle. 
I believe the United States must en-
gage in a global marketplace if they are going to survive economically. I also understand there are concerns 
about TPA. In particular, there is con-fusion about what exactly happens when Congress passes a TPA bill. His-tory provides us an insight into why Congress created this particular au-thority. 
Article I of the U.S. Constitution 
states, ‘‘Congress shall have the Power To . . . regulate Commerce with for-eign nations.’’ For over 150 years, Con-gress established tariff rates directly. However, under the Reciprocal Trade Agreement of 1934, RTAA—more ini-tials—Congress delegated this author-ity to the President, who could reduce tariffs within preapproved levels in re-ciprocal trade agreements. 
In response to Presidential overreach 
under the act, Congress enacted the first trade promotion authority bill in 1974. Since that time, Congress has reg-ularly enacted TPA legislation which defines U.S. negotiating objectives and priorities for trade agreements. 
As an added measure, Congress in-
cludes time limits on the use of TPA and retains the option to disapprove of an extension when the President re-quests one. Finally, each Chamber has the right to exercise its constitutional authority to change TPA in an imple-menting bill. 
The underlying TPA bill builds on 
the tradition of Congress setting the terms for trade by expanding the trans-parency and consultation requirements for the administration. The procedure allows any Member of the House or Senate to unilaterally push to remove TPA authority if he or she believes the White House has not consulted fully with Congress. This is an important check to ensure that Congress is not turning over the fast-track keys to an administration that will disrespect the negotiating objectives Congress sets in its TPA bill. 
I am confident in supporting TPA be-
cause it advances the ball on the Trans-Pacific Partnership—TPP. The TPP agreement is not just a trade agreement, it is an economic and stra-tegic agreement. The TPA parties al-ready include a number of nations the United States already has bilateral free-trade agreements with, including Australia, Chile, Singapore, and Peru. This starting point ensures that TPP includes the highest standards of trade favorable to an economically free and fair market. 
Additionally, we know the United 
States needs to continue setting the tone in the Pacific region both eco-nomically and politically. The TPP achieves the goal by taking the first step in creating the leading trade agreement of the 21st century. 
Let me give some examples of how 
TPP will benefit Wyoming. Despite having no direct access to the Pacific Ocean, in 2014, businesses from Wyo-ming exported $1 billion in goods to TPP partners, which would grow under the new agreement. For Wyoming, most of its trade is in the natural chemical industry. A key industrial 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MY6.060 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3048 May 19, 2015 
and chemical product I have spoken 
about on the Senate floor is soda ash. Wyoming also exports machinery and energy products to these Pacific mar-
kets. 
I must also add that over two-thirds 
of the firms exporting goods from Wyo-ming are small- or medium-sized busi-nesses. Exports are increasingly play-ing a role in job growth in my State. In 1992, just 12 percent of the jobs in the State of Wyoming were tied to inter-national trade. As of 2013, one in six jobs in Wyoming is dependent on inter-national trade. The TPP agreement is an opportunity for Wyoming’s busi-nesses, especially in mining, manufac-turing, and agriculture, to expand their markets and grow. This is why on April 22 I voted to support TPA in the Senate Committee on Finance. 
Trade promotion authority also plays 
a key role in advancing the interests of our Nation’s most competitive busi-nesses, including technology and med-ical innovation. I have long spoken about the importance of protecting American innovations overseas. The United States remains a leader in inno-vation and technology because of our strong protections for intellectual property. The TPP would include the highest standard to date for new inno-vations. 
I look forward to advancing TPA and 
want to give credit to Chairman H
ATCH  
and Leader M CCONNELL for the open 
amendment process they are trying to get on this bill. 
I will also mention, briefly, that I op-
pose expanding TAA—another good ac-ronym—without a closer look at how it mimics and duplicates Federal work-force training programs. As the former chairman and ranking member of the Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee, I am extremely familiar with the existing Federal pro-grams that Congress funds to improve workforce training. TAA is redundant, and now is not the time to increase spending. As chairman of the Senate Committee on the Budget, I cannot ig-nore programs that add new spending. That is why I intend to vote against expanding it and adding it to the un-derlying bill. 
I hope we will take a look at the TPA 
within the amendment process, and I hope people will pay attention to an ar-ticle that appeared in the Casper Star Tribune, which is our State newspaper. I assume it appeared in many other newspapers. The title of this article is ‘‘The left is so wrong on the Trans-Pa-cific Partnership.’’ The article goes into some of the reasons Democrats might be trying to deny this from hap-pening. If you look at the strategy, I think that probably is where a lot of the amendments are headed—to actu-ally defeating it, not to help it along, not to improve it, and that is wrong. 
I ask unanimous consent to have 
printed in the R
ECORD the article I just 
mentioned. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: [From the Casper Star Tribune, May 17, 2015] 
THELEFTISS OWRONG ON THE TRANS -PACIFIC  
PARTNERSHIP  
(By Froma Harrop) 
The left’s success in denying President 
Obama fast-track authority to negotiate the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) is ugly to behold. The case put forth by a showboating U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass.,—that Obama cannot be trusted to make a deal in the interests of American workers—is almost worse than wrong. It is irrelevant. 
The Senate Democrats who turned on 
Obama are playing a 78 rpm record in the age of digital downloads. 
Did you hear their ally, AFL–CIO head 
Richard Trumka, the day after the Senate vote? He denounced TPP for being ‘‘pat-terned after CAFTA and NAFTA.’’ That’s not so, but never mind. 
There’s this skip on the vinyl record that 
the North American Free Trade Agreement destroyed American manufacturing. To see how wrong that is, simply walk through any Wal-Mart or Target and look for all those ‘‘made in Mexico’’ labels. You won’t find many. But you’ll see ‘‘made in China’’ every-where. 
Many of the jobs that did go to Mexico 
would have otherwise left for low-wage Asian countries. Even Mexico lost manufacturing work to China. 
And what can you say about the close-to- 
insane obsession with CAFTA? The partners in the 2005 Central American Free Trade Agreement—five mostly impoverished Cen-tral American countries plus the Dominican Republic—had a combined economy equal to that of New Haven, Conn. 
(By the way, less than 10 percent of the 
AFL–CIO’s membership is now in manufac-turing.) 
It’s undeniable that American manufac-
turing workers have suffered terrible job losses. We could never compete with pennies- an-hour wages. Those low-skilled jobs are not coming back. But we have other things to sell in the global marketplace. 
In Washington state, for example, exports 
of everything from apples to airplanes have soared 40 percent over four years to total nearly $91 billion in 2014, according to The Seattle Times. About two in five jobs there are now tied to trade. 
Small wonder that U.S. Sen. Ron Wyden, a 
liberal Democrat from neighboring Oregon, has strongly supported fast-track authority. 
Some liberals oddly complain that Amer-
ican efforts to strengthen intellectual prop-erty laws in trade deals protect the profits of U.S. entertainment and tech companies. What’s wrong with that? Should the fruits of America’s creativity (that’s labor, too) be open to plundering and piracy? 
One of TPP’s main goals is to help the 
higher-wage partners compete with China. (The 12 countries taking part include the likes of Japan, Australia, Canada, Chile, Mexico and New Zealand.) In any case, Con-gress would get to vote the finished product up or down, so it isn’t as if the public wouldn’t get a say. 
But then we have Warren stating with a 
straight face that handing negotiating au-thority to Obama would ‘‘give Republicans the very tool they need to dismantle Dodd- Frank.’’ 
Huh? Obama swatted down the remark as 
wild, hypothetical speculation, noting he en-gaged in a ‘‘massive’’ fight with Wall Street to get the reforms passed. ‘‘And then I sign a provision that would unravel it?’’ he told political writer Matt Bai. 
‘‘This is not a partisan issue,’’ Warren in-
sisted. Yes, in a twisted way, the hard left’s fixation over big corporations has joined the right’s determination to undermine Obama at every pass. Trade agreements have a thousand moving 
parts. The United States can’t negotiate with the other countries if various domestic interests are pouncing on the details. That’s why every president has been given fast- track authority over the past 80 years or so. 
Except Obama. It sure is hard to be an intelligent leader in 
this country. 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I thank the 
Chair, and I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Utah. 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the time until 8 p.m. today be equally divided in the usual form; that upon the use or yield-ing back of that time, the Senate vote in relation to the amendments listed: No. 1312, Inhofe-Coons, as further modi-fied; No. 1227, Shaheen; No. 1327, War-ren; No. 1251, Brown; I further ask that no second-degree amendments be in order to these amendments and that the Inhofe amendment be subject to a 60-affirmative-vote threshold for adop-tion. I further ask that it be in order to offer the following first-degree amend-ments during today’s session of the Senate: No. 1252, Brown-Portman, the level playing field amendment; No. 1385, Hatch-Wyden, the currency amendment; No. 1384, Cruz-Grassley, the immigration amendment; No. 1410, Menendez, the child labor amendment. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Mr. BROWN. Reserving the right to 
object. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio. 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I would 
like to speak first on the request. I thank Chairman H
ATCH for his work on 
this, especially on the level the playing field. He knows this amendment is a top priority for me. It is also a top pri-ority for steelworkers and steel facili-ties throughout the country. 
I would like to ask Chairman H
ATCH  
if he would take the same collaborative spirit he has shown toward me and ask him to modify his request, if I could. This is my request, Mr. President. 
I ask unanimous consent that the fol-
lowing first-degree amendments be in order to be offered during today’s ses-sion: Brown-Portman No. 1252; Hatch- Wyden No. 1385; Cruz-Grassley No. 1384; Menendez-Wyden No. 1410; Cantwell No. 1248; Casey No. 1334; Baldwin No. 1317; Murphy No. 1333; Cardin No. 1230; Blumenthal No. 1297; Sanders No. 1343; Markey No. 1308; Peters No. 1353; Whitehouse No. 1387; Boxer No. 1361; Franken No. 1390; Durbin No. 1244; Merkley No. 1401; that the time until 8 p.m. today be equally divided in the usual form and that at 8 p.m. the Sen-ate proceed to vote in relation to the following amendments in the order listed: Inhofe-Coons No. 1312, as modi-fied with the changes that are at the desk; Shaheen No. 1227; Warren No. 
1327; McCain-Shaheen No. 1226; Brown No. 1251; Hatch-Wyden No. 1385; Portman-Stabenow No. 1299; Brown- Portman No. 1252; and Cantwell No. 1248. Further, I ask that no second-de-gree amendments be in order to these 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MY6.064 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3049 May 19, 2015 
amendments prior to the votes and 
that the following amendments be sub-ject to a 60-affirmative-vote threshold for adoption: Inhofe-Coons No. 1312; Brown-Portman No. 1252; McCain-Sha-heen No. 1226; and Cantwell No. 1248; fi-nally, I ask unanimous consent that it not be in order for cloture to be filed on the Hatch substitute or the under-lying bill during today’s session. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the 
Senator from Utah so modify his re-quest? 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, of course 
I haven’t seen all that, so I will have to enter an objection. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion to the modification is heard. 
Is there objection to the original re-
quest? 
Ms. CANTWELL. Objection. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I suggest 
the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. BROWN. Before Senator P
ETERS  
speaks, I again would like to thank Senator H
ATCH for the work he has 
done on this. I appreciate how he wants to move forward. There are many things here we agree with to move for-ward on. 
The reason for the unanimous con-
sent request I made was that we saw today a whole host of Senators come to the floor. We saw Senator B
ALDWIN  
come down, Senator M ERKLEY has 
come down, Senator P ETERS is here, 
Senator B LUMENTHAL came earlier, 
Senator W ARREN , Senator W HITEHOUSE , 
Senator C ASEY —and I am leaving some 
out—Senators B OXER and F RANKEN all 
came to the floor with amendments be-cause they want, as Senator M
CCON-
NELL promised, a full and open process. 
So my unanimous consent request was to take the generous offer of Senator H
ATCH and make it broader and wider 
so those Senators who have shown the interest to come to the floor today would be able to offer those amend-ments. 
The reason I asked that cloture not 
be filed today is that it just simply doesn’t seem right to me—and I know to a number of Members of my cau-cus—that literally 24 hours after we start this process we already are talk-ing about cloture. 
Thirteen years ago, the last time we 
did fast-track here, this debate went for 3 weeks. I am not asking for 3 weeks. I think that would be a bridge too far for most of us. But I am saying that 13 years ago there were 50 amend-ments that were considered. Today, we have considered 6 and there have been 149 filed. That is 4 percent of the amendments that were filed. Again, Senator H
ATCH ’s generous offer gets us 
not even to 10 percent of those offered amendments. 
So invoking cloture this quickly 
really does stifle the process, and I think this is too big a deal for that. This fast-track debate encompasses the largest trade debate, the largest trade agreement in the history of the coun-try—I guess in the history of the world, for that matter. It involves 40 percent of the world’s GDP, these 12 TPP coun-tries. Adding in the European countries in the next round, also under TPA, is another 20 percent of the world’s GDP. So that would be 60 percent of the world’s GDP. You don’t file cloture within 24 hours and begin to shut down debate. 
That was the reason for my unani-
mous consent request. Again, I thank Senator H
ATCH for his patience in 
working together on the level the play-ing field amendment, one of the major enforcement issues, but I have at least 15 Members of my caucus, as many as 20, who want to offer amendments. There have been 149 amendments filed on both sides, and to cut off debate with fewer than 10 percent of them in order or even a few more than that is simply not the way this Senate should operate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from the Utah. 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I appre-
ciate my colleague, and I am trying to accommodate him. I always try to ac-commodate my colleagues. On the other hand, his side has stonewalled this since last Wednesday. Thursday was a full day we lost. We are going to be here Friday. We did not do very much yesterday; today, nothing. I am very concerned that we are not moving ahead. We are not doing what we should do. This is an important matter. It is an important bill. 
I chatted with the President earlier 
today. He indicated how important it is to him personally, what this bill means to our country, how important it is to get it passed and to pass it in a form the House will accept, which is what I am trying to do. 
I do not think it has been this side 
that has slowed this down, although I do not want to pick on either side. The Senators are certainly within their rights to slow-walk this all they want to. On the other hand, it is very dif-ficult for me to sit here, having sat here all day and yesterday and would have been Thursday and Friday as well and Saturday if necessary. It strikes me as interesting that now they want all these amendments when they have had all this time to bring up their amendments and nobody was going to stop them. 
All I can say is that I hope we come 
here tomorrow prepared to do amend-ments or do them tonight. I am pre-pared to stay if we have to. But the fact is that we are not going anywhere on this right now. This is an extremely important bill not only for the Con-gress but for the President of the United States and for the world at 
large when you stop and think about it, certainly the world over in Asia. 
We are talking about having an 
agreement with Japan. It is the first time we have been able to do that. We have a new Prime Minister who is will-ing to work with us, and we are willing to work with him. That is a major achievement by this administration— not only that but 10 other countries. There is a high percentage of trade in this area, and what are we going to do—just leave it all to China to take over or are we going to take this more seriously and get this job done? 
We have a number of poison pills that 
people have wanted to bring up that naturally would mean the end of this particular bill. I would like to prevent that if we can because we are talking about a bipartisan bill that has plenty of bipartisan support that really is cru-cial to this country at this time and crucial to that region. That could be a very difficult region for us if we do not do this. 
If we do not do this and do it right, 
as we are trying to do and as the Presi-dent is trying to do, then we will be just turning that whole area over to China. They are going to step right in and make the difference. Right now, these people want to deal with us, and there is a good reason they want to deal with us. But if we cannot even get our act in order to deal with them, then I can understand why they might 
go another route. They might be forced to go another route. 
We all saw the new bank that has 
been established over there. At first, there were very few countries that went with it. The last time I heard—I may be wrong on this—there were up to 60 countries, including some of the Eu-ropean countries, some of the greatest countries in the world now. 
What are we going to do—just cede 
the whole area to China or are we going to compete? This bill is for com-petitive purposes. 
Mr. WYDEN. Will the distinguished 
chairman yield for a question? 
Mr. HATCH. Yes. Mr. WYDEN. I appreciate that, and I 
appreciate the chairman’s work. I want to ask a question about where, in ef-fect, we are. The two of us worked to-gether on the list—— 
Mr. HATCH. That is right. Forgive 
me, I did not mean to indicate I was the only one doing this. I had an excel-lent partner. 
Mr. WYDEN. Not at all. The question 
is, Mr. Chairman, we worked together to put together this list, and it was based on the proposition that we were going to be fair to both sides. 
Mr. HATCH. Right. Mr. WYDEN. On my side of the aisle, 
my colleagues on the Democratic side of the aisle felt strongly about the cur-rency issue. Senator S
TABENOW , for ex-
ample, and many others felt very strongly about the amendment Senator W
ARREN sought to offer. We were able, 
working together, to in effect get an equal number for each side. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MY6.065 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3050 May 19, 2015 
My understanding is that we con-
tinue to be interested—and you just, I think, made another gracious offer. We are going to stay here tonight. You are still interested in putting together a list that gives all sides a fair chance at their major amendments. Is that a fair recitation of where we are now, Mr. Chairman? 
Mr. HATCH. Yes. I think both of us 
literally have tried to be fair to both sides. There are some amendments that I wish we did not have to put up with, to be perfectly frank with you, but that is always the case. Why should we not be fair to both sides? 
There comes a limit to what you can 
do in these matters. As I said, this is probably the most important bill in many respects, outside of ObamaCare, in this President’s 8 years. It is an ex-tremely important bill for our country. It is an extremely important bill for our economy. It is an extremely impor-tant bill for our allies over in those areas. It is an extremely important bill that helps to set the stage for TTIP, the 28 countries in Europe. 
All this bill does basically is provide 
a procedural mechanism whereby Con-gress has some control, if not total control, over what agreements are ne-gotiated. This is not the TPP. It is not TTIP. It is not the final decisions on that. That will be made pursuant to this bill, which will be a very impor-tant bill for the purpose of saying that the White House and the administra-tion follow certain protocols and recog-nize that the Congress of the United States is important in these trade mat-ters, too. 
I want to thank my colleague from 
Oregon for the hard work he has done on this bill. He has been a wonderful partner to work with today, and I real-ly appreciate him. I hope we can re-solve these problems, but as of right now, I had to object to the unanimous consent request by the distinguished Senator from Ohio, for whom I have a lot of respect. I do not agree with him, but I know he is sincere, and I know he is working very hard for what he be-lieves is proper. 
With that, I do not know what else to 
do other than just say I object to that. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I, 
too, like the chairman of the Finance Committee, have been here all day, and I empathize with the dilemma that he faces, along with the ranking member, on how to move forward with this leg-islation. 
This is a discussion which has been 
going on for months and months, if not years, which is, what are we going to do, as we deal with trade issues, about the reauthorization of the Export-Im-port Bank, which expires at the end of June? 
While I appreciate my colleagues on 
the Finance Committee and the move-ment of trade legislation, I have had many discussions with them over the last several months about this very issue and the fact that this issue has to 
get resolved. I know no Member gets to have their way about what legislation gets an amendment. The list that was just given does nothing to guarantee that we would ever see a vote on the authorization of the Ex-Im Bank. 
While the other side wants to protect 
what they think are the opportunities to pass this legislation in the House, which I respect, I do not think the House has to dictate to the U.S. Senate how we are going to proceed when the majority of people in both the House and Senate support the reauthorization of the Export-Import Bank. Right now, it has deals of $18 billion and more pending before it. If the Bank expires June 30, all of those trade deals, which are jobs for U.S. companies, disappear and go away. So, yes, in my opinion, there is no more important amendment than one that saves $18 billion of U.S. company sales to overseas markets. 
So I and my colleagues who support 
the Ex-Im Bank reauthorization, which is the majority in both the House and Senate, have lost our patience with the ability to get this Bank before the Sen-ate and before the House before that June 30 deadline. So I have no compul-sion at this moment to say that I do not support moving forward on the clo-ture motion until we get an under-standing of how this Bank is going to be reauthorized. 
I know people are proud of the work 
that has been done on TPA, but it is silly to say to the American people that we are moving forward on opening up trade opportunities but we are going to let expire the tool that small busi-nesses and individuals use to export their products—as a credit agency. It makes no sense to open up Cambodia if then you cannot get a bank in Cam-bodia to have the sales of a product from my colleague from South Caro-lina to that country. If somebody wants to tell me that one of these New York Wall Street banks will give us that kind of financing, then maybe we will come up with a different solution, but one does not exist. 
Until our colleagues give us an an-
swer about something we have been clear about for more than a year, we are going to continue to object because we are not going to let this Bank ex-pire—the credit agency—without a fight. 
I know my colleague from South 
Carolina is here on the floor. I appre-ciate his support of the Ex-Im Bank. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from South Carolina. 
Mr. GRAHAM. Mr. President, I want 
to echo what my colleague from Wash-ington said. To those who negotiated this trade package, well done. I am going to vote for the Portman amend-ment because I think currency manipu-lation should be addressed more force-fully. 
If trade deals in the future are going 
to be like trade deals in the past, we need to look at what we are doing be-cause some of the trade deals in the past have not worked out so well. On this currency issue, I want to 
vote. On the bank, I am telling my leadership the following: I have talked with you and talked with you. I have 
forgone taking votes on the Ex-Im Bank because I did not want to rock the boat on the budget and other things. I am tired of talking. You are not going to get my vote for cloture or anything else this year until I get a vote—we get a vote—on the Ex-Im Bank. There are over 60 votes in this body. 
To the chairman, whom I admire 
greatly, you mentioned China. Let me mention China. China makes wide-body jets. They are getting into the wide- body jets business big time. China makes about everything we make. Boe-ing makes 787s in South Carolina and Washington. GE makes gas turbines in Greenville, SC, mostly sold through Ex-Im financing to the developing world. 
If you are worried about China step-
ping in if we do not have this great trade deal, here is what I am worried about: If our Bank expires, then the market share we have today because we have competitive financing goes away, and the biggest beneficiary of closing down the Bank will be China. 
I am not going to subject American 
manufacturers to trying to sell their products overseas without ex-im fi-nancing while all their competitors have an ex-im bank. As a matter of fact, China’s bank is bigger than the banks of the United States, France, England, and Germany combined. 
Airbus is a great airplane. France 
and Germany have an ex-im bank. An American manufacturer, when it comes to a wide-body aircraft or any other product trying to be sold overseas in the developing world—this Bank makes money for the taxpayers and makes them competitive. 
To all of those who really do believe 
in trade, the fact that you would let the Bank expire because of some ideo-logical jihad on our side makes abso-lutely no sense to me. I will not be a part of that anymore. 
To the people who are trying to make 
this the scalp for conservatism, I think you lost your way. This Bank makes money for the taxpayers. This Bank doesn’t lose money. This Bank allows American manufacturers who are doing business in the developing world to have a competitive foothold against their competitors in China and throughout Europe and have access to Ex-Im financing. All we are talking about is an American-made product sold in the developing world where they cannot get traditional financing. 
The Ex-Im Bank has been around for 
decades. Ronald Reagan was for the Ex- Im Bank. The Ex-Im Bank is directly responsible for helping to sell Boeing aircraft made in South Carolina. Sev-enty percent of the production in South Carolina is eligible for Ex-Im fi-nancing. There are thousands of small businesses which benefit from manu-factured products sold in the devel-oping world through Ex-Im financing. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MY6.067 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3051 May 19, 2015 
Would I like to live in a world where 
there were no ex-im banks? Sure, but the world I am not going to live in is where we shut our Ex-Im Bank down and China keeps theirs open. I am not doing that. That is not trade. That is just idiotic. That is unilateral sur-render. 
Come to South Carolina and tell the 
people at Boeing and all of their sup-pliers—and go to the Greenville GE plant that hires thousands of South Carolinians and all of their small busi-ness suppliers—why it is a good idea for America to shut down a bank that makes money for the taxpayers that allows us to be competitive. Tell them how you think that is a good way to grow our economy. Tell those people who have good jobs in South Carolina— and who will surely lose market share because we closed our Bank down—how proud they should be of your ideolog-ical purity. 
I welcome this debate in South Caro-
lina down the road. But I promised my leadership and friends on the other side that I am a reasonable guy. I vote for issues give-and-take, but the one thing I will not do is allow the Bank to ex-pire without a vote. If my colleagues can beat me on the floor, that is fine. I am not asking anyone to vote for the Bank. I am asking them to allow me to vote for the Bank because it is critical to the economy in my State and I think the Nation as a whole. 
The only reason we are having this 
debate is because some outside groups have made this the conservative cause celebre—in my view, without any ra-tional reason. 
I have no problem helping the chair-
man and ranking member move this bill because they talk about how it will make it harder on China to take mar-ket share in Asia. The only thing I ask of this body is to allow me and my col-leagues who care about the Ex-Im Bank—it is a small piece of the puzzle that has a gigantic impact. It made over $3 billion for the American tax-payers. 
This Bank is essential for American 
manufacturers to be competitive in the developing world, and I will not let this Bank expire without a vote. I will not give market share to China or the Eu-ropeans. I will not do that. 
I am willing to work with my col-
leagues, but they have to be willing to work with me. And if they are not will-ing to honor their word that they have been giving me for the last 6 months, then they have nobody to blame but themselves. 
To the Senator from Washington, all 
we are asking for is a vote on the Ex- Im Bank—that has been around for decades, that Ronald Reagan said was a good idea and that has overwhelming bipartisan support—before June 30 on a vehicle that must become law if we can pass that amendment. I ask the Sen-ator from Washington, is that correct? 
Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, the 
Senator from South Carolina is cor-rect. That is all we have been asking for, and we have talked to our col-
leagues about various vehicles and var-ious opportunities for those votes. And, yes, that is exactly what has been promised. 
We are here today because, as the 
Senator from South Carolina has de-scribed, the failure of us to reauthorize the Ex-Im Bank will mean huge oppor-tunities for foreign competitors at the very time when we are trying to open up markets for our U.S. companies. All we are asking is for the opportunity to have this vote. As the majority leader said, let the will of the Senate be done. 
The Senator from South Carolina is 
right. People who have extreme views on this have decided that this is some-thing they can hold up. Well, I don’t think we are here today to try to ulti-mately say how individual people should vote. They should vote their conscience. 
The fact that this Bank is about to 
expire and the fact that these jobs would be lost because we didn’t do our job by reauthorizing the Bank is a fail-ure. It is an imminent threat of $18 bil-lion. These are proposed deals for ex-port that will not get approved and will not get done because we won’t have a bank. I think the Senate can do better than that. 
I thank my colleague for being here 
tonight and going into detail about the Ex-Im Bank. 
Mr. GRAHAM. Mr. President, re-
claiming my time, and I will wrap it up. 
To my colleagues who have been rais-
ing money off of this, you can raise all the money you want to, but you will have to debate your ideas against my ideas. You will not be able to shut this Bank down without a vote. If you feel that good about your position, let’s have a vote on the floor of the Senate and on the floor of the House. 
The one thing we will not do is let 
the Bank die without a debate and a vote, and that debate and vote must come before June 30 because the dam-age will have been done. 
I will not sit on the sidelines and 
watch jobs in my State be lost because of some ideological crusade, the big-gest beneficiaries of which would be China and our European competitors. If you really do care about China’s effect in the world marketplace, shutting the Ex-Im Bank down in America and al-lowing China to keep theirs open is a deathblow to American manufacturers that sell in the developing world. 
With that, I yield the floor and look 
forward to a positive outcome so my colleagues can have their bill passed and have votes on amendments they care about and get the bill up and passed if the votes are there, as long as I get a chance, along with the Senator from Washington, to vote on what I care about and what I think is essen-tial to the economy—and not just to South Carolina but to the manufac-turing community that sells in the de-veloping world. 
I yield back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
think we are all aware that Chairman H
ATCH and Senator W YDEN have been 
working in good faith over the last sev-eral days to set up both debates and votes on amendments from both sides of the aisle. The bill managers have had some success in working together 
on the votes that we have had, and so far we have worked to get an addi-tional seven amendments pending. 
Sadly, there is an objection from the 
other side of the aisle on getting addi-tional amendments pending regardless of which party offers the amendment. 
Senator H
ATCH and his colleague 
have been down here for days trying to get amendments up, and obviously it is possible in the Senate to prevent oth-ers from getting amendments. Now we have the whole process stymied be-cause we cannot seem to get agree-ments for any additional amendments. 
I think we all know this is a body 
that requires at least some level of co-operation, and that just has not been happening here on this bipartisan bill. 
I will point out that while I will file 
cloture on the bill this evening, that is not the end of the story. I will repeat that: That is not the end of the story. The bill managers will continue to work together to get more amend-ments available for votes before the cloture vote. And with a little coopera-tion from our friends on the other side of the aisle, I still think we can get that done. 
It is my hope that we will be able to 
process a number of amendments, par-ticularly those which are critical to Members on both sides, and then move forward, and we will have a couple of days to accomplish that. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
send to the desk a cloture motion to the Hatch amendment No. 1221 to H.R. 1314. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-
ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in ac-
cordance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the Hatch amendment No. 1221 to H.R. 1314, an act to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to pro-vide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations. 
Mitch McConnell, John Cornyn, Orrin G. 
Hatch, Daniel Coats, John Boozman, Thom Tillis, Mike Rounds, Pat Rob-erts, Richard Burr, John Barrasso, Mike Crapo, Jeff Flake, Tom Cotton, Shelley Moore Capito, David Perdue, Chuck Grassley, Dan Sullivan. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
send to the desk a cloture motion to H.R. 1314. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MY6.069 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3052 May 19, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-
ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on H.R. 1314, an act to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an adminis-trative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organi-zations. 
Mitch McConnell, John Cornyn, Orrin G. 
Hatch, Daniel Coats, John Boozman, Thom Tillis, Mike Rounds, Pat Rob-erts, Richard Burr, John Barrasso, Mike Crapo, Jeff Flake, Tom Cotton, Shelley Moore Capito, David Perdue, Chuck Grassley, Dan Sullivan. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Utah. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1299 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I call for 
regular order with respect to Portman amendment No. 1299. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
amendment is now pending. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1411 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I send an 
amendment to the desk to the text pro-posed to be stricken. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Utah [Mr. H ATCH ] pro-
poses an amendment numbered 1411 to the language proposed to be stricken by amend-ment No. 1299. 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The amendment is as follows: 
In lieu of the text proposed to be stricken, 
insert the following: 
(11) F OREIGN CURRENCY MANIPULATION .—The 
principal negotiating objective of the United States with respect to unfair currency prac-tices is to seek to establish accountability through enforceable rules, transparency, re-porting, monitoring, cooperative mecha-nisms, or other means to address exchange rate manipulation involving protracted large scale intervention in one direction in the ex-change markets and a persistently under-valued foreign exchange rate to gain an un-fair competitive advantage in trade over other parties to a trade agreement, con-sistent, with existing obligations of the United States as a member of the Inter-national Monetary Fund and the World Trade Organization. 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I suggest 
the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
THE PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, first off, 
I agree with Senator B
ROWN and Sen-
ator H ATCH on how important this de-
bate before us is. In fact, because it is so important, I certainly hope we have 
an opportunity to debate fully its ramifications, especially with issues such as the Ex-Im Bank, which I heard two of my colleagues discuss with some vigor just a few moments ago. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1251 
At this time I wish to talk about an 
amendment that I am offering with Senator B
ROWN to require approval of 
Congress before any additional coun-tries may join the Trans-Pacific Part-
nership. 
The 12 countries currently partici-
pating in TPP negotiations encompass about 40 percent of the global gross do-mestic Product. This would be the larg-est free-trade agreement since NAFTA, and Members should know that this agreement has the potential to expand to a number of additional countries without congressional approval. 
The administration has said that 
they would welcome interest from other nations, including China, in join-ing TPP. Given the impact that trade deals, such as NAFTA, have had on American businesses and workers, I would argue that it is important that Congress not only be notified of new negotiations but also have the oppor-tunity to vote on whether to move for-ward with bringing on additional coun-tries into multinational trade negotia-tions. 
If Congress were to approve the 
Trans-Pacific Partnership, it should not and must not be a blank check to bring in additional nations without congressional approval. 
I am particularly concerned about 
countries that manipulate the value of their currency and gain an unfair ad-vantage over U.S. workers, steal intel-lectual property from American innovators, engage in unfair labor practices, damage the environment, and do not abide by existing trade deals. 
Just yesterday, a Federal grand jury 
indicted six Chinese citizens for steal-ing trade secrets. Last year, five Chi-nese military officers were caught stealing intellectual property from U.S. companies. The United States has brought 16 claims against China at the World Trade Organization, and the Chi-nese Government has consistently ma-nipulated their currency against our dollar. 
Despite these serious problems, the 
administration has said that they would welcome interest from China in joining TPP. If providing fast-track au-thority makes it easier for countries such as China to join the TPP, robust congressional oversight is critical. 
Senator B
ROWN and I have offered an 
amendment to explicitly ensure that this oversight is available and that Congress has the opportunity to vote on the addition of any new countries to TPP negotiations. Our amendment will require the President to notify Con-gress before entering negotiations with another country seeking to join the TPP. It provides 90 days for Congress to conduct hearings and investigations and ultimately hold any potential new entrant accountable for unfair trade 
practices. 
The House and Senate will need to af-
firmatively pass a resolution of ap-proval for any new country to join TPP negotiations. 
Nations such as China will not be 
able to join through unilateral action by a future White House. I urge my col-leagues to support the Brown-Peters amendment. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1299 
I would also like to urge my col-
leagues to support the Portman-Stabe-now amendment on currency manipula-tion. A study by the Center for Auto-motive Research found that the TPP, as currently negotiated, will allow Japan to manipulate its currency, and this practice will likely lead to the elimination of over 25,000 American auto industry jobs. 
Our workers and manufacturers can 
compete with anyone in the world, but they deserve a level playing field. Cur-rency manipulation is the most signifi-cant trade barrier of our time, and it must be stopped. That is why I am sup-porting the Portman-Stabenow cur-rency amendment, and I hope my col-leagues will join me in standing up for American workers and fighting back against unfair currency manipulation. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Wisconsin. 
Ms. BALDWIN. Mr. President, trade 
is a major issue for a manufacturing State such as Wisconsin. I am very proud of the fact that the State I rep-resent has had a rich history of making things. In fact, I don’t think we can have an economy that is built to last that doesn’t make things as a key part, a key sector of the overall economy. So this debate on trade promotion author-ity and the trade bills that may follow to the floor of the Senate and the House take on a particular dispropor-tionate impact in a State such as Wis-consin that makes things. 
We have lost a lot of those manufac-
turing jobs in recent years. We can’t lay the entire blame on trade policies, but certainly some of our past trade deals have had a significant impact. It is hard to find folks in the State of Wisconsin who don’t recall that in a negative way, who haven’t suffered the results of mistakes we have made in the past. 
That brings me to this debate we are 
having this evening and I hope tomor-row and beyond on trade promotion au-thority. What trade promotion author-ity asks us to do as Senators in the United States and Representatives over in the House is to cede some of our usual powers—our usual powers to amend bills to make them stronger, to make them more informed, to improve them, to perfect them—fast-track trade promotion authority asks us to relinquish those powers and to take a simple up-or-down, yes-or-no vote on a future trade deal that comes before us under this fast-track authority. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:02 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MY6.072 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3053 May 19, 2015 
Now, that may bring up the question 
of why would one ever support ceding those powers and relinquishing those powers, and I think that, ultimately, one hypothetically can do that because what we can do is take the time in the fast-track debate to set the conditions, to set the negotiating principles that have to be met in order to be able to relinquish that power later. 
That is where we get into this issue 
of process right now. It is so critical that we take the time to debate the conditions that we need to see present as representatives of people from States across this country, that we take the time to debate thoroughly these amendments so that we know the trade deals that will come before us 
later will be fair—not just free but fair. So I hope we take the time to debate all of these provisions because they matter in people’s lives. They matter to middle-class, working Wisconsinites, some who have lost jobs in recent years and decades because of mistakes we have made in prior trade deals. 
I come to the floor this evening to 
share with my colleagues that I have filed nine separate amendments to this trade promotion authority. I know we won’t have the chance to fully debate and vote on all of them, but I think it is important that we try to have a thorough and comprehensive consider-ation. So far, we have only voted on two amendments, and there are only a handful that are pending for consider-ation. So on that point, I wish to take a few moments to address just four of the amendments that I think are cru-cial to my State of Wisconsin and the middle-class workers whom I have the honor of representing. 
My first amendment is No. 1317. It is 
cosponsored by my colleagues Senator F
RANKEN and Senator B LUMENTHAL . It 
strengthens the principle negotiating objective with respect to trade-remedy laws. This is talking about enforce-ment and having teeth in that enforce-ment. These trade remedies ensure that American manufacturers and their workers would compete on a level playing field globally. 
American manufacturers fight an up-
hill battle to keep their prices low while foreign companies sell goods in the United States often at subsidized prices. U.S. manufacturing has already suffered financial losses—and thou-sands of jobs, I might add—as a result of unfair trade practices. My amend-ment would strengthen our ability to fight on behalf of our American manu-facturing workers. 
A second amendment I have offered is 
No. 1365, and I am proud to have joined forces with Senator B
LUMENTHAL . It 
would restrict trade promotion author-ity for any trade agreement that in-cludes a country that criminalizes indi-viduals based on sexual orientation or otherwise persecutes or punishes indi-viduals based on their sexual orienta-tion or gender identity. These coun-tries are identified for us in the State Department’s annual Country Reports on Human Rights Practices. At least 75 countries across the globe 
continue to criminalize homosexuality, subjecting lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender people to imprisonment, various forms of corporal punishment and, in some countries, the death pen-alty. For example, in Brunei, a newly adopted law provides for execution by stoning for homosexuality. As we all know, Brunei is part of the Trans-Pa-cific Partnership free-trade agreement that is now under negotiation. 
Senators voting here on this legisla-
tion should know and understand this. If we do not adopt my amendment, we will be granting our highest trading status to a country that executes peo-ple based on whom they love. This is not hyperbole. This is a fact. The United States should not reward coun-tries that deny the fundamental hu-manity of LGBT people by subjecting them to harsh penalties and even death simply because of who they are or whom they love. 
My third amendment, No. 1320, would 
add a principal negotiating objective to ensure that any trade agreement actu-ally increases manufacturing jobs and wages in the United States. Many Wis-consin communities, as I mentioned earlier, bear the scars of NAFTA and other flawed so-called free-trade agree-ments. From closed factories to fore-closed homes to devastated commu-nities, Wisconsinites know all too well what happens when politicians in Washington tell them that they know what is best for them in Wisconsin. 
Let me give a few numbers on trade 
from Wisconsin’s perspective. 
On jobs, according to the Economic 
Policy Institute, NAFTA has led to the loss of more than 680,000 jobs, most—60 percent of them—manufacturing jobs in the United States as a whole. 
Since China joined the WTO in the 
year 2000, there has been a net loss of over 2.7 million U.S. jobs. Of that amount, Wisconsin has lost around 68,000 jobs between the years 2001 and 2013 because of our trade deficit with China and their currency manipula-tion. 
Now, in 2011 we passed the South 
Korea Free Trade Agreement. In the years since, the growth of the U.S. trade deficit with South Korea has cost us more than 75,000 U.S. jobs. 
On wages, competing with workers in 
China and other low-wage countries, it has reduced wages of 100 million U.S. workers without a college degree, a total loss of about $180 billion each year. 
Since China joined the WTO, U.S. 
workers who lost their jobs because of trade with China have lost more than $37 billion in wages as a result of ac-cepting lower-waged jobs. 
The final amendment I wish to de-
scribe is amendment No. 1319, cospon-sored by my colleague Senator M
ERKLEY , who was speaking with all of 
us earlier this evening. This amend-ment would require the administration to notify the public when it waives ‘‘Buy American’’ requirements. Wis-consin workers make things, and we 
have been one of the top manufac-turing States in the Nation for genera-tions. Now, if we hope to continue making things, we think we should continue to have our own government as a customer. Or, put another way, U.S. taxpayer dollars should support U.S. jobs. That is why I am a strong supporter of ‘‘Buy American’’ provi-sions that require Federal agencies to purchase American-made products. Free-trade agreements have histori-cally allowed foreign nations way too much leeway when bidding for our gov-ernment projects and contracts while not affording American companies the same access. 
Now, I believe the issues I have 
brought up this evening and these four amendments are really important issues—important to our country, im-portant to our standing in the world, and important to my State of Wis-consin. These are issues that the Sen-ate should debate. I urge the majority leader to allow an open and robust amendment process so that we can vote on these critical provisions. 
With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1411, AS MODIFIED  
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I have a 
modification to my amendment No. 1411 at the desk. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
amendment is so modified. 
The amendment, as modified, is as 
follows: 
In the language proposed to be stricken on 
page 27, lines 6 & 7 strike ‘‘appropriate.’’ and insert: 
appropriate. 
(12) F
OREIGN CURRENCY MANIPULATION .— 
The principal negotiating objective of the United States with respect to unfair cur-rency practices is to seek to establish ac-countability through enforceable rules, transparency, reporting, monitoring, cooper-ative mechanisms, or other means to address exchange rate manipulation involving pro-tracted large scale intervention in one direc-tion in the exchange markets and a persist-ently undervalued foreign exchange rate to gain an unfair competitive advantage in trade over other parties to a trade agree-ment, consistent with existing obligations of the United States as a member of the Inter-national Monetary Fund and the World Trade Organization. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to a period of morning busi-ness, with Senators permitted to speak for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I 
suggest the absence of a quorum. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MY6.076 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3054 May 19, 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
R
OUNDS ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, due to 
inclement weather causing a flight delay, I was unavoidably detained dur-ing consideration of Brown amendment No. 1242 and missed the rollcall vote that occurred on Monday, May 18. As a cosponsor of S. 568, the Trade Adjust-ment Assistance Act of 2015, and sup-porter of trade adjustment assistance for workers here at home, had I been present I would have voted yea. 
f 
BADGER ARMY AMMUNITION 
PLANT LAND PARCEL 
Ms. BALDWIN. Mr. President, in the 
closing days of last Congress, I was proud to see this body include a provi-sion in the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Au-thorization Act, P.L. 113–291, to trans-fer a parcel of land at the former Badg-er Army Ammunition Plant near Baraboo, WI, from the Department of Defense to the Department of the Inte-rior. I worked throughout the drafting of this legislation to include this provi-sion, which is of great importance to Wisconsin. 
During discussions on the specific 
legislative text to be included in the bill, a question was raised as to how the language might apply to Depart-ment of Defense contractors, particu-larly any Badger Army Ammunition Plant operators. I understand the legis-lative language that refers to ‘‘activi-ties of the Department of Defense’’ to include activities undertaken by the officers and agents employed or con-tracted by the Department of Defense, meaning that under the terms of this provision, the Army retains responsi-bility for remediation of environ-mental contamination resulting from activities undertaken by the Depart-ment of Defense and its contractors. This clarification is critical because Badger Army Ammunition Plant was operated by the Department of Defense contractors, and contamination at the site was caused as a direct result of their activities. 
I wrote to the Department of Defense 
to request their clarification on this matter, and I ask unanimous consent that my letter and their response be printed in the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: U.S. S ENATE , 
Washington, DC, January 12, 2015. 
Mr. J OHNCONGER , 
Deputy Under Secretary of Defense, Installa-
tions & Environment, Department of De-fense, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. CONGER : The National Defense 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (PL 113–291) includes a provision (Section 3078) transferring administrative jurisdiction, from the Secretary of the Army to the Sec-retary of the Interior, of property located on the site of the former Badger Army Ammuni-tion Plant (BAAP) near Baraboo, Wisconsin. I worked throughout the drafting of this leg-
islation to include this provision, and would like to thank you for the assistance provided by your staff in drafting the legislative lan-guage that became part of the final bill. 
During discussions on the specific legisla-
tive text to be included in the bill, a ques-tion was raised as to how the language might apply to Department of Defense contractors, particularly any BAAP operators. I under-stand the legislative language that refers to ‘‘activities of the Department of Defense’’ to include activities undertaken by the officers and agents employed or contracted by the Department of Defense, meaning that under the terms of this provision, the Army retains responsibility for remediation of environ-mental contamination resulting from activi-ties undertaken by DOD and its contractors. This clarification is critical because BAAP was operated by DOD contractors, and con-tamination at the site was caused as a direct result of their activities. I would appreciate your views on this matter. 
I have worked on this project for 16 years, 
and I am extremely grateful for the assist-ance provided by DOD and the Army to help craft a legislative solution. Thank you for your consideration of this request and for all that you do in support of the men and women of our Armed Forces. 
Sincerely, 
T
AMMY BALDWIN , 
United States Senator. 
OFFICE OF THE ASSISTANT  
SECRETARY OF DEFENSE , 
Washington, DC. 
Hon. T AMMY BALDWIN , 
U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR SENATOR BALDWIN : Thank you for 
your January 12, 2015, letter requesting clari-fication of section 3078 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Pub. L. 113–291), transfer of administrative juris-diction, from the Secretary of the Army to the Secretary of the Interior, of the property at the former Badger Army Ammunition Plant (BAAP) near Baraboo, Wisconsin. You asked how the act applies to the former De-partment of Defense operating contractors at BAAP. 
The operating contractor for BAAP would 
have been responsible for operating the plant in accordance with the terms of the con-tract. Such an operating status would not change the underlying responsibility of the United States Army for the activities at the plant simply because they were performed by its contractor. This is not to say that the contractor would be absolved of responsi-bility for its activities while performing under the contract, but that responsibility would be governed by the terms of the con-tract as between the contractor and the United States Army. 
To the extent that the contractor’s activi-
ties were performed pursuant to and in ac-cordance with the contract, the United States Army would retain responsibility for the activities that occurred in the operation of the plant. During those periods you appear to be most interested in, the Army was the 
owner of the plant for purposes of the envi-ronmental laws. We cannot prejudge any ac-tual issue relating to who would be respon-sible for actions that occurred at the plant. Such responsibility would be determined after a careful review of the law and its ap-plication to the specific facts. 
I hope you find this information helpful, 
please let me know if I can be of any further assistance in this matter. 
Sincerely, 
J
OHNCONGER , 
Performing the Duties of the 
Assistant Secretary of Defense. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO MAJOR GENERAL R. 
MARTIN UMBARGER 
∑Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, 
today I recognize and honor the ex-traordinary service of MG R. Martin Umbarger, the Adjutant General of In-diana, and to wish him well upon his retirement. A dedicated and loyal pub-lic servant, Major General Umbarger has served the people of Indiana and the United States in the Indiana Army National Guard for more than 45 years. 
A native of Bargersville, IN, Major 
General Umbarger enlisted in the Indi-ana Army National Guard in 1969 after graduating from the University of Evansville. Shortly thereafter, in June 1971, he was commissioned as a second lieutenant, Infantry Branch, following his graduation from the Indiana Mili-tary Academy as a Distinguished Mili-tary Graduate. Since then, he has dedi-cated more than four decades to serv-ing his State and his country. Some of his notable assignments include serv-ing as Commanding General of the 76th Infantry Brigade; the Assistant Divi-sion Commander for Training, 38th In-fantry Division; and the Deputy Com-manding General, Reserve Component, U.S. Forces Command. On March 11, 2004, Gov. Joseph Kernan appointed Major General Umbarger to lead the Nation’s fourth-largest National Guard contingent as the Adjutant General of Indiana, a position he was reappointed to by Gov. Mitch Daniels on December 1, 2004, and further reappointed by Gov. Mike Pence on December 13, 2012. 
During the past 11 years as the Adju-
tant General, Major General Umbarger has led the Indiana Army and Air Na-tional Guard, as well as the more than 15,800 Indiana Guard, Reserve, and State employees, challenging them to embody the National Guard’s motto, ‘‘Always Ready, Always There.’’ He has directed the training and deployment of nearly every unit of the Indiana Army and Air National Guard in sup-port of the global war on terror and helped establish and oversee the well- respected J9 Resilience Program to support Guard members and their fami-lies during predeployment, deploy-ment, and postdeployment. He also served as a member of the Secretary of the Army’s Reserve Forces Policy Committee and the Secretary of De-fense’s Reserve Forces Policy Board. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:02 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MY6.078 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3055 May 19, 2015 
Major General Umbarger has earned 
numerous awards and decorations, in-cluding: the Legion of Merit, Oak Leaf Cluster; Meritorious Service Medal, Oak Leaf Cluster; Army Commendation Medal Army; Achievement Medal; Armed Forces Reserve Medal, with two gold hourglass devices; Indiana Long Service Medal, and Indiana Distin-guished Service Medal, Bronze Oak Leaf Cluster. 
In addition to his service in the Indi-
ana National Guard, Major General Umbarger has given his time and ef-forts to serving his community through many local and national orga-nizations, including the Indiana Feed and Grain Association, the board of trustees of Johnson Memorial Hospital, the board of trustees of Franklin Col-lege, the Johnson County Animal Shel-ter, the Bargersville Masonic Lodge, the National Guard Association of the United States, the National Guard As-sociation of Indiana, and the Associa-tion of the United States Army. 
We thank Major General Umbarger 
for his service, dedication, and com-mitment to protecting Hoosiers and our Nation. Indiana has a long and proud tradition of serving our country, and Major General Umbarger’s leader-ship has played a critical role in ensur-ing that our brave men and women have the training and support they need. General Umbarger has made the Indiana National Guard a national model and has left a strong Indiana Na-tional Guard. On behalf of Hoosiers, we wish Major General Umbarger and his wife Rowana the best in the years ahead. ∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING A. ALFRED 
TAUBMAN 
∑Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, I wish 
to recognize the remarkable legacy of A. Alfred Taubman, an innovator whose work shaped the modern retail process for Americans and whose phil-anthropic endeavors have made an im-measurable impact across metro De-troit. 
Mr. Taubman’s story is an embodi-
ment of the American dream. A first generation American, and the son of immigrants who fled Europe in the Great Depression looking for a chance to build a better life, Mr. Taubman came from humble beginnings. From this foundation, Mr. Taubman sought to follow his father into a career as a builder and quickly became a visionary by setting new trends in the retail shopping industry, which made him one of the most successful businessmen in the State of Michigan. 
Despite entering the building trade 
without much formal higher education, he quickly honed his skills and by the age of 25 started his own business. In the wake of World War II, as the con-struction industry focused on suburban homes and industrial facilities, Mr. Taubman saw another dimension to America’s burgeoning middle class, the opportunity for a new type of retail hub for suburban America: the shop-
ping mall. 
Mr. Taubman was a student of life, 
and took to heart the adage that learn-ing is a lifelong experience; a principle which was integrated into his work. When he saw the opportunity to change and improve the retail shopping experi-ence, he delved into understanding every facet and physiological compo-nent. This was a body of knowledge that he built into a formidable retail acumen. With this knowledge, he be-came a trendsetter, identifying un-tapped potential in developing commu-nities and he led many successful en-deavors. 
While renowned for his 
groundbreaking work in the retail shopping industry, Mr. Taubman was an equally avid and passionate philan-thropist, with a deep appreciation for the State of Michigan and the arts. His own work as a watercolorist inspired him to make gifts and donations to the Detroit Institute of Arts worth hun-dreds of millions of dollars. His chari-table giving also extended to the Uni-versity of Michigan’s School of Medi-cine, where his donations have been used to fund stem cell research, hold-ing the promise to cure degenerative diseases including ALS, as well as the College for Creative Studies and Law-rence Technological University, which are shaping the next generation of art-ists and innovators. Having suffered from the effects of dyslexia, he also generously supported programs to pro-mote adult literacy, which led to him being recognized as an honorary chair for Reading Works. 
A. Alfred Taubman’s reach was both 
deep and broad in every endeavor he pursued. From his work in the com-mercial retail industry to his philan-thropic endeavors, Mr. Taubman has left a legacy that will last for genera-tions. His passion, knowledge, and leadership will be greatly missed, but I know they will inspire future entre-preneurs, creative thinkers, and com-munity activists to succeed and make a difference in their communities. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DURWARD ‘‘BUTCH’’ 
WADDILL 
∑Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, today I 
wish to honor Durward C. ‘‘Butch’’ Waddill, a veteran of the Vietnam war. On behalf of all Montanans and all Americans, I say ‘‘thank you’’ to Butch for his service to our Nation. 
It is my honor to share the story of 
Butch’s service in Vietnam, because no story of bravery should ever be forgot-ten. Butch was born on November 20, 1946 in Battle Creek, MI. Butch’s par-ents were both in the Army: his mother was an Army nurse and his father was in the Medical Service Corps. Butch spent most of his childhood traveling among Army bases before settling in California. 
In 1964, Butch enlisted in the Marine 
Corps during his senior year of high school. Butch joined the infantry and attended training at the Marine Corps 
Recruit Depot in San Diego and Camp Pendleton. Butch was assigned to the 1st Battalion, 5th Marine Regiment and was deployed to Okinawa for a 13- month assignment. After 1 month of training, Butch was sent as one of the first units to Vietnam in July 1965. His unit made a tactical landing on the beach in Da Nang. 
Butch spent the next 13 months in 
Vietnam before he was reassigned to Camp Lejeune in North Carolina. Butch joined the 2nd Reconnaissance Battalion for a Caribbean cruise until he volunteered to return to Vietnam for a second tour. Back in Vietnam, Butch served with Company D, 3rd Re-connaissance Battalion, 3rd Marine Di-vision. 
On November 9, 1967, Butch was mon-
itoring his battalion’s radio net from a base at Phu Bai when he heard his re-connaissance team had been ambushed and was having trouble evacuating cas-ualties. Butch hadn’t been assigned to patrol because he was preparing to at-tend Navy diving school in the Phil-ippines. Butch rushed to board a heli-copter that was going to attempt to ex-tract the team and insisted on joining the rescue effort. At the team’s loca-tion, the thick jungle extended for miles and there were no available clearings that were suitable for the helicopter to land. Butch requested to be lowered by cable through the jungle canopy. Without regard for his own safety, Butch immediately organized the evacuation of the two most seri-ously wounded. Then continuing his brave mission he helped rescue the re-maining team members. He adminis-tered first aid while directing fire to protect the team’s escape. 
Butch was left on the ground because 
there was no additional room for him on the chopper. Alone in the jungle, Butch gathered the team’s rifles and radios. Butch didn’t know if they would be able to return for him because it was getting dark and he might have to stay the night and risk getting shot or taken prisoner. When a helicopter returned to hoist him out, Butch was dragged through heavy underbrush for hundreds of yards which caused mul-tiple injuries. Once inside the heli-copter, Butch had blood on his face, hat, and all the way to his boots. Butch had 3 rifles slung over each shoulder and a giant load of radio and other gear. Maj. Bobby Thatcher says he will never forget the look on Butch’s bloody face—a huge smile and big white teeth. 
Butch’s unmatched bravery resulted 
in the rescue of all the members of the reconnaissance team while under ex-treme combat conditions. Maj. Bobby Thatcher says Butch’s actions were the single bravest thing he has ever seen, before or since. Butch’s bold initiative, undaunted courage, and complete dedi-cation to duty display the true mean-ing of selfless service. 
Butch finished his second tour of 
Vietnam in August 1968 and returned to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:02 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MY6.022 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3056 May 19, 2015 
the U.S. where he was promoted to sec-
ond lieutenant while stationed in Ha-waii. After 9 months in Hawaii, Butch volunteered, yet again, to return to Vietnam. Butch began his third tour of Vietnam in August 1969 and was as-signed to the 1st Reconnaissance Bat-talion. Butch was eventually reas-signed to the 3rd battalion, 5th Marine Regiment as platoon commander and promoted to company commander. After his third tour, Butch continued his service until August 1988. His dis-tinguished 24 years of military service included serving as an instructor at Quantico, to the staff of the Joint Chiefs of Staff at the Pentagon. 
Butch retired to Nice, France for 7 
years where he served as a body guard for a Saudi Arabian Princess and as se-curity officer for the American Inter-national School. In 1995, Butch re-turned to the United States and lived in Colorado for a year. After visiting a friend Montana, Butch decided to move there in 1996. Butch served in the Mon-tana Legislature in the early 2000s. Butch and his life partner Marilyn Wolff are members of the Montana Wil-derness Association where they work to protect our state’s public lands. 
It is my privilege to honor Butch 
Waddill’s true heroism, sacrifice, and dedication to service by presenting him with the Silver Star Medal. Thank you, Butch. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT 
A message from the President of the 
United States was communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGE REFERRED 
As in executive session the Presiding 
Officer laid before the Senate a mes-sage from the President of the United States submitting nominations which were referred to the Committee on Armed Services. 
(The message received today is print-
ed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
PRESIDENTIAL MESSAGE 
REPORT ON THE CONTINUATION 
OF THE NATIONAL EMERGENCY THAT WAS ORIGINALLY DE-CLARED IN EXECUTIVE ORDER 13303 OF MAY 22, 2003, WITH RE-SPECT TO THE STABILIZATION OF IRAQ—PM 18 
The PRESIDING OFFICER laid be-
fore the Senate the following message from the President of the United States, together with an accompanying report; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: 
To the Congress of the United States: 
Section 202(d) of the National Emer-
gencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) provides for the automatic termination of a na-
tional emergency unless, within 90 days prior to the anniversary date of its declaration, the President publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to 
the Congress a notice stating that the emergency is to continue in effect be-yond the anniversary date. In accord-ance with this provision, I have sent to the Federal Register for publication the 
enclosed notice stating that the na-tional emergency with respect to the stabilization of Iraq that was declared in Executive Order 13303 of May 22, 2003, is to continue in effect beyond May 22, 2015. 
Obstacles to the orderly reconstruc-
tion of Iraq, the restoration and main-tenance of peace and security in the country, and the development of polit-ical, administrative, and economic in-stitutions in Iraq continue to pose an unusual and extraordinary threat to the national security and foreign pol-icy of the United States. Accordingly, I have determined that it is necessary to continue the national emergency with respect to the stabilization of Iraq. 
B
ARACK OBAMA .
THEWHITE HOUSE , May 19, 2015. 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE 
At 2:18 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests 
the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 91. An act to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to direct the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to issue, upon request, veteran identification cards to certain veterans. 
H.R. 474. An act to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to provide for a five-year exten-sion to the homeless veterans reintegration programs and to provide clarification regard-ing eligibility for services under such pro-grams. 
H.R. 1038. An act to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to require the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to retain a copy of any rep-rimand or admonishment received by an em-ployee of the Department in the permanent record of the employee. 
H.R. 1313. An act to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to enhance the treatment of certain small business concerns for purposes of the Department of Veterans Affairs con-tracting goals and preferences. 
H.R. 1382. An act to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, in awarding a contract for the procurement of goods or services, to give a preference to offerors that employ vet-erans. 
H.R. 1816. An act to exclude from consider-
ation as income under the United States Housing Act of 1937 payments of pension made under section 1521 of title 38, United States Code, to veterans who are in need of regular aid and attendance. 
H.R. 1987. An act to authorize appropria-
tions for the Coast Guard for fiscal years 2016 and 2017, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that the 
House has agreed to the following con-current resolution: 
S. Con. Res. 3. Concurrent resolution au-
thorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for an event to celebrate the birthday of King Kamehameha I. The message further announced that 
pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 3003, and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, the Speaker appoints the following Members on the part of the House of Representatives to the Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: Mr. A
DERHOLT of Alabama, Mr. P ITTS 
of Pennsylvania, Mr. H ULTGREN of Illi-
nois, and Mr. B URGESS of Texas. 
The message also announced that 
pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 6913, and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, the Speaker appoints the following Members on the part of the House of Representatives to the Congressional- Executive Commission on the People’s Republic of China: Mr. F
RANKS of Ari-
zona, Mr. P ITTENGER of North Carolina, 
and Mr. H ULTGREN of Illinois. 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
At 3:18 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bill: 
H.R. 2252. An act to clarify the effective 
date of certain provisions of the Border Pa-trol Agent Pay Reform Act of 2014, and for other purposes. 
The enrolled bill was subsequently 
signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED 
The following bills were read the first 
and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 91. An act to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to direct the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to issue, upon request, veteran identification cards to certain veterans; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.R. 474. An act to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to provide for a five-year exten-sion to the homeless veterans reintegration programs and to provide clarification regard-ing eligibility for services under such pro-grams; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. 
H.R. 1038. An act to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to require the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to retain a copy of any rep-rimand or admonishment received by an em-ployee of the Department in the permanent record of the employee; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.R. 1313. An act to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to enhance the treatment of certain small business concerns for purposes of Department of Veterans Affairs con-tracting goals and preferences; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.R. 1382. An act to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, in awarding a contract for the procurement of goods or services, to give a preference to offerors that employ vet-
erans; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. 
H.R. 1816. An act to exclude from consider-
ation as income under the United States Housing Act of 1937 payments of pension made under section 1521 of title 38, United States Code, to veterans who are in need of regular aid and attendance; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. 
H.R. 1987. An act to authorize appropria-
tions for the Coast Guard for fiscal years 2016 and 2017, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G19MY6.026 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3057 May 19, 2015 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER 
COMMUNICATIONS 
The following communications were 
laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–1606. A communication from the Sec-
retary of the Senate, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of the receipts and expend-itures of the Senate for the period from Oc-tober 1, 2014 through March 31, 2015, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 14, 2015; ordered to lie on the table. 
EC–1607. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary of Defense (Logistics and Ma-teriel Readiness), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the percentage of funds that was expended during the pre-ceding fiscal year and is projected to be ex-pended during the current and ensuing fiscal year for the Department’s depot mainte-nance and repair workloads by the public and private sectors; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–1608. A communication from the Assist-
ant General Counsel, General Law, Ethics, and Regulation, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to a vacancy in the position of Under Secretary (Terrorism and Financial Intel-ligence), Department of the Treasury, re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 13, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–1609. A communication from the Chair-
man and President of the Export-Import Bank, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port relative to a transaction involving U.S. exports to Turkey; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–1610. A communication from the Ad-
ministrator of the Federal Aviation Admin-istration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to the foreign aviation authorities to which the Administration provided services during fiscal year 2014; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1611. A communication from the Ad-
ministrator of the Federal Aviation Admin-istration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to the foreign aviation authorities to which the Administration provided services during fiscal year 2013; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1612. A communication from the Assist-
ant General Counsel, General Law, Ethics, and Regulation, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to a vacancy in the position of Mem-ber, IRS Oversight Board, received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on May 13, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–1613. A communication from the Lead 
Regulations Writer, Office of Regulations and Reports Clearance, Social Security Ad-ministration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revised Med-ical Criteria for Evaluating Cancer (Malig-nant Neoplastic Diseases)’’ (RIN0960–AH43) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 14, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–1614. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–020); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–1615. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–007); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–1616. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–003); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–1617. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 14–145); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–1618. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 14–144); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–1619. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Update for Weight-ed Average Interest Rates, Yield Curves, and Segment Rates’’ (Notice 2015–39) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 14, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–1620. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Triple Drop and Check’’ (Rev. Rul. 2015–10) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on May 14, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–1621. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Eligibility for Min-imum Essential Coverage for Purposes of the Premium Tax Credit’’ (Notice 2015–37) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 14, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–1622. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revocation of Rev. Rul. 78–130’’ (Rev. Rul. 2015–9) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 14, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–1623. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Annual Price Infla-tion Adjustments for Contribution Limita-tions Made to a Health Savings Account Pur-suant to Section 223 of the Internal Revenue Code’’ (Rev. Proc. 2015–30) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on May 14, 2015; to the Committee on Finance. 
EC–1624. A communication from the Chief 
of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Notional Principal Contracts; Swaps with Nonperiodic Pay-ments’’ ((RIN1545–BM62) (TD 9719)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 14, 2015; to the Committee on Fi-nance. 
EC–1625. A communication from the Under 
Secretary of Defense (Acquisition, Tech-nology and Logistics), transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the quarterly exception Selected Acquisition Reports (SARs) as of December 31, 2014 (DCN OSS 2015–0656); to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. 
EC–1626. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Defense, transmitting a report on the approved retirement of Admiral Samuel J. Locklear III, United States Navy, and his advancement to the grade of admiral on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–1627. A joint communication from the 
Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the fiscal year 2016 report on the plan for the nu-clear weapons stockpile, complex, delivery systems, and command and control systems; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–1628. A communication from the Under 
Secretary of Defense (Intelligence), trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the Department’s plans to adopt continuous evaluation (CE) and Insider Threat capabili-ties within the Department of Defense (DoD); to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–1629. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Trinexapac-ethyl; Pesticide Toler-ances’’ (FRL No. 9926–62) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 15, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–1630. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Trichoderma asperelloides strain JM41R; Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance’’ (FRL No. 9926–87) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 15, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. 
EC–1631. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Fragrance Components; Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance’’ (FRL No. 9927–38) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 15, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–1632. A communication from the Under 
Secretary for Rural Development, Depart-ment of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Stra-tegic Economic and Community Develop-ment’’ (RIN0570–AA94) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 14, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. 
EC–1633. A communication from the Chief 
Counsel, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Suspension of Community Eligibility’’ ((44 CFR Part 64) (Docket No. FEMA–2015–0001)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 14, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–1634. A communication from the Chief 
Counsel, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Final Flood Elevation Deter-minations’’ ((44 CFR Part 67) (Docket No. FEMA–2014–0002)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 14, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–1635. A communication from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency that was declared in Executive Order 13405 of June 16, 2006, with respect to Belarus; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–1636. A communication from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to Iran that was declared in Executive Order 12170 on November 14, 1979; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY6.019 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3058 May 19, 2015 
EC–1637. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the continuation of a national emergency declared in Execu-tive Order 13222 with respect to the lapse of the Export Administration Act of 1979; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–1638. A communication from the Regu-
latory Specialist of the Legislative and Reg-ulatory Activities Division, Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Integration of National Bank and Federal Savings Associa-tion Regulations: Licensing Rules; Final Rule’’ (RIN1557–AD80) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 19, 2015; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–1639. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Department’s annual report con-cerning military assistance and military ex-ports; to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. 
EC–1640. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a Determination and Cer-tification under Section 40A of the Arms Ex-port Control Act relative to countries not cooperating fully with United States antiterrorism efforts; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–1641. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a section of the Arms Export Control Act (RSAT 15–004); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–1642. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–036); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–1643. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the issuance of a determination to waive certain restrictions on maintaining a Palestine Liberation Orga-nization (PLO) Office in Washington and on the receipt and expenditure of PLO funds for a period of six months; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–1644. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the issuance of a determination to waive certain restrictions on maintaining a Palestine Liberation Orga-nization (PLO) Office in Washington and on the receipt and expenditure of PLO funds for a period of six months; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–1645. A communication from the Chief 
of Staff, Wireless Telecommunications Bu-reau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amendment of the Commis-sion’s Rules with Regard to Commercial Op-eration in the 3550–3650 MHz Band, Report and Order and Second Further Notice of Pro-posed Rulemaking’’ ((GN Docket No. 12–354) (FCC 15–47)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 15, 2015; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
EC–1646. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Illinois; NAAQS Update’’ (FRL No. 9927–48–Region 5) received during adjournment of the Senate 
in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 15, 2015; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. 
EC–1647. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Texas; Revision to Control Volatile Organic Compound Emissions from Storage Tanks and Transport Vessels’’ (FRL No. 9927–59–Region 6) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 13, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. 
EC–1648. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; State of Utah; Utah County—Trading of Motor Vehi-cle Emission Budgets for PM10 Transpor-tation Conformity’’ (FRL No. 9927–68–Region 8) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 13, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1649. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; District of Columbia, Maryland, and Virginia; 2011 Base Year Emissions Inventories for the Wash-ington DC–MD–VA Nonattainment Area for the 2008 Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standard’’ (FRL No. 9927–70–Region 3) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 13, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–1650. A communication from the Assist-
ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, two (2) reports relative to vacancies in the Department of Justice, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 14, 2015; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
EC–1651. A communication from the Dep-
uty Assistant Administrator of the Office of Diversion Control, Drug Enforcement Agen-cy, Department of Justice, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Schedules of Controlled Substances; Exten-sion of Temporary Placement of UR–144, XLR11, and AKB48 in Schedule I of the Con-trolled Substances Act’’ (Docket No. DEA– 414) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 18, 2015; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
EC–1652. A communication from the Fed-
eral Liaison Officer, Patent and Trademark Office, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Amendments to the Rules of Practice for Trials Before the Patent Trial and Appeal Board’’ (RIN0651–AD00) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 18, 2015; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
EC–1653. A communication from the 
Project Manager, Citizenship and Immigra-tion Services, Department of Homeland Se-curity, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Employment Author-ization for Certain H–4 Dependent Spouses; Final Rule’’ (RIN1615–AB92) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 12, 2015; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
EC–1654. A communication from the Assist-
ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the third quarter of fiscal year 2014 quarterly report of the De-partment of Justice’s Office of Privacy and Civil Liberties; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. EC–1655. A communication from the Acting 
Chairman of the National Endowment for the Arts, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Semiannual Report of the Inspector General and the Chairman’s Semiannual Report on Final Action Resulting from Audit Reports, Inspection Reports, and Evaluation Reports for the period from October 1, 2014 through March 31, 2015; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–1656. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the Department’s Semiannual Report of the Inspector General for the period from October 1, 2014 through March 31, 2015; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. 
EC–1657. A communication from the Chair-
man, Merit Systems Protection Board, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report enti-tled ‘‘What is Due Process in Federal Civil Service Employment?’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–1658. A communication from the Sec-
retary of Transportation, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the Department of Transpor-tation’s Semiannual Report of the Inspector General for the period from October 1, 2014 through March 31, 2015; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
EC–1659. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Office of Personnel Management, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Office’s Federal Activities Inventory Reform Act In-ventory for fiscal years 2012 and 2013; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. 
EC–1660. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Office of Regulatory Affairs and Collaborative Action, Bureau of Indian Af-fairs, Department of the Interior, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Leasing of Osage Reservation Lands for Oil and Gas Mining’’ (RIN1076–AF17) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 14, 2015; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Mr. M CCAIN, from the Committee on 
Armed Services, without amendment: 
S. 1376. An original bill to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2016 for military ac-tivities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activi-ties of the Department of Energy, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–49). 
f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF 
COMMITTEE 
The following executive reports of 
nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. McCAIN for the Committee on 
Armed Services. 
*Jessie Hill Roberson, of Alabama, to be a 
Member of the Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board for a term expiring October 18, 2018. 
*Monica C. Regalbuto, of Illinois, to be an 
Assistant Secretary of Energy (Environ-mental Management). 
Navy nominations beginning with Rear 
Adm. (lh) John D. Alexander and ending with Rear Adm. (lh) Ricky L. Williamson, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on March 10, 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:02 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY6.020 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3059 May 19, 2015 
Navy nominations beginning with Capt. 
Eugene H. Black III and ending with Capt. William W. Wheeler III, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on April 13, 2015. 
Air Force nomination of Maj. Gen. Jeffrey 
G. Lofgren, to be Lieutenant General. 
Marine Corps nomination of Maj. Gen. Mi-
chael G. Dana, to be Lieutenant General. 
Army nomination of Brig. Gen. Matthew P. 
Beevers, to be Major General. 
Navy nomination of Rear Adm. John N. 
Christenson, to be Vice Admiral. 
Navy nomination of Capt. Shoshana S. 
Chatfield, to be Rear Admiral (lower half). 
Navy nomination of Rear Adm. James W. 
Crawford III, to be Vice Admiral. 
Mr. McCAIN. Mr. President, for the 
Committee on Armed Services I report favorably the following nomination lists which were printed in the R
ECORD s 
on the dates indicated, and ask unani-mous consent, to save the expense of reprinting on the Executive Calendar that these nominations lie at the Sec-retary’s desk for the information of Senators . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Air Force nomination of Rhys William 
Hunt, to be Colonel. 
Air Force nominations beginning with 
James D. Brantingham and ending with George T. Youstra, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on March 4, 2015. 
Air Force nominations beginning with 
Randall E. Ackerman and ending with Clin-ton R. Zumbrunnen, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on March 4, 2015. 
Air Force nominations beginning with 
Joshua D. Burgess and ending with James R. Cantu, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on April 30, 2015. 
Air Force nomination of Michael I. Etan, 
to be Lieutenant Colonel. 
Army nomination of Erik D. Masick, to be 
Major. 
Army nominations beginning with Muham-
mad R. Khawaja and ending with Nikalesh Reddy, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on April 30, 2015. 
Marine Corps nomination of Henry C. 
Bodden, to be Lieutenant Colonel. 
Marine Corps nomination of William E. 
Lanham, to be Lieutenant Colonel. 
Marine Corps nomination of Rebecca L. 
Wilkinson, to be Major. 
Marine Corps nominations beginning with 
Matthew F. Amidon and ending with John A. Wright, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on January 26, 2015. 
Marine Corps nominations beginning with 
Michael J. Corrado and ending with Craig C. Ullman, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on January 29, 2015. 
Marine Corps nominations beginning with 
Rory L. Aldridge and ending with Mark D. Zimmer, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on January 29, 2015. 
Navy nomination of Miriam Behpour, to be 
Lieutenant Commander. 
Navy nomination of Thomas P. Murphy, to 
be Captain. 
Navy nomination of Todd S. Levant, to be 
Commander. 
Navy nomination of Jennifer L. 
Borstelmann, to be Lieutenant Commander. 
Navy nomination of Robert S. Thompson, 
to be Captain. Navy nomination of Melissa C. Austin, to 
be Commander. 
Navy nominations beginning with Anthony 
S. Ardito and ending with Roderick D. Wil-son, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on April 30, 2015. 
Navy nomination of Garrett T. Pankow, to 
be Lieutenant Commander. 
Navy nomination of William M. Walker, to 
be Lieutenant Commander. 
Navy nomination of Christopher C. Meyer, 
to be Lieutenant Commander . 
Navy nominations beginning with Jeffrey 
G. Bentson and ending with Paul N. Porensky, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on April 30, 2015. 
Navy nomination of Kevin D. Clarida, to be 
Lieutenant Commander. 
Navy nomination of Brianna E. Jackson, 
to be Lieutenant Commander. 
Navy nomination of Jared M. Spilka, to be 
Lieutenant Commander. 
Navy nomination of Francine Segovia, to 
be Lieutenant Commander. 
Navy nomination of Todd W. Mallory, to be 
Lieutenant Commander. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-
ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. 
(Nominations without an asterisk 
were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. ROBERTS (for himself and Mr. 
PORTMAN ): 
S. 1368. A bill to establish the Office of the 
Special Inspector General for Monitoring the Affordable Care Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself and 
Mr. B
LUNT ): 
S. 1369. A bill to allow funds under title II 
of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to be used to provide training to school personnel regarding how to recognize child sexual abuse; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. BLUNT (for himself and Mr. 
C
ASEY ): 
S. 1370. A bill to amend title 23, United 
States Code, to adequately fund bridges in the United States; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. 
By Mr. SANDERS (for himself and Mr. 
S
CHATZ ): 
S. 1371. A bill to impose a tax on certain 
trading transactions to invest in our families and communities, improve our infrastruc-ture and our environment, strengthen our fi-nancial security, expand opportunity and re-duce market volatility; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself, Ms. 
M
URKOWSKI , Mr. M ANCHIN , and Mr. 
CORKER ): 
S. 1372. A bill to repeal the crude oil export 
ban, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. 
By Mr. SANDERS: 
S. 1373. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-
cation Act to improve higher education pro-grams, and for other purposes; to the Com-
mittee on Finance. 
By Mr. DURBIN (for himself and Mr. 
C
ASSIDY ): 
S. 1374. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-
cation Act of 1965 to establish fair and con-sistent eligibility requirements for graduate medical schools operating outside the United States and Canada; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Ms. B
ALD-
WIN, Mrs. B OXER , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. 
HEINRICH , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M ENEN -
DEZ, Mr. M URPHY , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. 
REED, Mr. S ANDERS , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. 
WHITEHOUSE , Mr. L EAHY , and Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL ): 
S. 1375. A bill to designate as wilderness 
certain Federal portions of the red rock can-yons of the Colorado Plateau and the Great Basin Deserts in the State of Utah for the benefit of present and future generations of people in the United States; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. M
CCAIN: 
S. 1376. An original bill to authorize appro-
priations for fiscal year 2016 for military ac-tivities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activi-ties of the Department of Energy, to pre-scribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; from the Committee on Armed Services; placed on the calendar. 
By Mr. LEAHY (for himself, Mr. S
CHU-
MER, Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mrs. S HAHEEN , 
and Mr. S ANDERS ): 
S. 1377. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to clarify and expand Federal criminal jurisdiction over Federal contrac-tors and employees outside the United States, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. PAUL (for himself, Mr. W
AR-
NER, Mr. E NZI, Mr. G ARDNER , and Mr. 
TOOMEY ): 
S. 1378. A bill to strengthen employee cost 
savings suggestions programs within the Federal Government; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
By Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mr. 
C
OONS ): 
S. 1379. A bill to amend the African Growth 
and Opportunity Act to require the develop-ment of a plan for each sub-Saharan African country for negotiating and entering into free trade agreements and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, Mr. 
C
ASEY , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. 
MARKEY , Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. U DALL , Mr. 
KAINE, Ms. M IKULSKI , Mr. M URPHY , 
Mr. D URBIN , Mr. C OONS , Mr. H EINRICH , 
Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Ms. B ALDWIN , Ms. 
CANTWELL , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. 
WYDEN , Mr. B OOKER , Ms. W ARREN , 
Mr. S ANDERS , and Ms. K LOBUCHAR ): 
S. 1380. A bill to support early learning; to 
the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Ms. WARREN (for herself and Mr. 
M
ANCHIN ): 
S. 1381. A bill to require the President to 
make the text of trade agreements available to the public in order for those agreements to receive expedited consideration from Con-gress; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself, Mrs. 
M
URRAY , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , Mr. F RANKEN , Ms. 
HIRONO , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. S ANDERS , 
Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. S CHUMER , Ms. C ANT-
WELL , and Ms. W ARREN ): 
S. 1382. A bill to prohibit discrimination in 
adoption or foster care placements based on the sexual orientation, gender identity, or marital status of any prospective adoptive or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY6.016 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3060 May 19, 2015 
foster parent, or the sexual orientation or 
gender identity of the child involved; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. PERDUE: 
S. 1383. A bill to amend the Consumer Fi-
nancial Protection Act of 2010 to subject the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection to the regular appropriations process, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Mr. SCHUMER: 
S. 1384. A bill to amend the Truth in Lend-
ing Act to provide for the discharge of stu-dent loan obligations upon the death of the student borrower, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. BLUNT (for himself, Mr. 
M
ANCHIN , and Mr. E NZI): 
S. 1385. A bill to prohibit the Federal Gov-
ernment from requiring race or ethnicity to be disclosed in connection with the transfer of a firearm; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 
By Ms. CANTWELL (for herself, Ms. 
M
URKOWSKI , and Mr. S ULLIVAN ): 
S. 1386. A bill to provide multiyear pro-
curement authority for the procurement of up to six polar icebreakers to be owned and operated by the Coast Guard; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. 
By Mr. BROWN (for himself, Ms. W
AR-
REN, Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. 
WHITEHOUSE , and Ms. H IRONO ): 
S. 1387. A bill to amend title XVI of the So-
cial Security Act to update eligibility for the supplemental security income program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. VITTER (for himself and Mr. 
R
UBIO): 
S. 1388. A bill to require the President to 
submit a plan for resolving all outstanding claims relating to property confiscated by the Government of Cuba before taking action to ease restrictions on travel to or trade with Cuba, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Mr. UDALL (for himself, Mr. 
F
LAKE , Mr. D URBIN , and Mr. E NZI): 
S. 1389. A bill to authorize exportation of 
consumer communications devices to Cuba and the provision of telecommunications services to Cuba, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. GARDNER: 
S. Res. 180. A resolution urging additional 
sanctions against the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
By Mr. HOEVEN (for himself and Ms. 
H
EITKAMP ): 
S. Res. 181. A resolution designating May 
19, 2015, as ‘‘National Schizencephaly Aware-ness Day’’ ; considered and agreed to. 
By Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mr. R
EED, 
Mr. D URBIN , Mr. K IRK, Mr. H EINRICH , 
Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. U DALL , Mr. D ON-
NELLY , and Mr. S CHUMER ): 
S. Res. 182. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the Senate that Defense laboratories have been, and continue to be, on the cutting edge of scientific and technological advance-ment and supporting the designation of May 14, 2015, as the ‘‘Department of Defense Lab-oratory Day’’ ; considered and agreed to. ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 141 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the 
name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
141, a bill to repeal the provisions of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act providing for the Independent Payment Advisory Board. 
S. 275 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the 
name of the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 275, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the coverage of home as a site of care for infusion therapy under the Medi-care program. 
S. 299 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the 
names of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) and the Senator from 
New Mexico (Mr. H EINRICH ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 299, a bill to allow travel between the United States and Cuba. 
S. 313 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
313, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to add physical therapists to the list of providers al-lowed to utilize locum tenens arrange-ments under Medicare. 
S. 314 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 314, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage under the Medicare program of pharmacist services. 
S. 375 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 375, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide a re-duced rate of excise tax on beer pro-duced domestically by certain quali-fying producers. 
S. 405 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the 
names of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ), the Senator from 
Virginia (Mr. W ARNER ), the Senator 
from Georgia (Mr. I SAKSON ) and the 
Senator from New Hampshire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) were added as cosponsors of S. 
405, a bill to protect and enhance op-portunities for recreational hunting, fishing, and shooting, and for other purposes. 
S. 439 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the 
names of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) and the Senator from Cali-
fornia (Mrs. B OXER ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 439, a bill to end dis-crimination based on actual or per-ceived sexual orientation or gender identity in public schools, and for other purposes. 
S. 497 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
name of the Senator from California (Mrs. B OXER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 497, a bill to allow Americans to earn paid sick time so that they can address their own health needs and the health needs of their families. 
S. 571 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the 
name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr. J
OHNSON ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 571, a bill to amend the Pilot’s Bill of Rights to facilitate appeals and to apply to other certificates issued by the Federal Aviation Administration, to require the revision of the third 
class medical certification regulations issued by the Federal Aviation Admin-istration, and for other purposes. 
S. 578 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the 
names of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) and the Senator from 
California (Mrs. B OXER ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 578, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to ensure more timely access to home health services for Medicare bene-ficiaries under the Medicare program. 
S. 624 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 624, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to waive coinsurance under Medicare for colorectal cancer screening tests, re-gardless of whether therapeutic inter-vention is required during the screen-ing. 
S. 739 
At the request of Mr. H OEVEN , the 
name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. T
HUNE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 739, a bill to modify the treatment of agreements entered into by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to furnish nursing home care, adult day health care, or other extended care services, and for other purposes. 
S. 743 
At the request of Mr. B OOZMAN , the 
name of the Senator from Maryland (Ms. M
IKULSKI ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 743, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to recognize the service in the reserve components of the Armed Forces of certain persons by honoring them with status as veterans under law, and for other purposes. 
S. 799 
At the request of Mr. M CCONNELL , 
the names of the Senator from Dela-ware (Mr. C
OONS ) and the Senator from 
New York (Mrs. G ILLIBRAND ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 799, a bill to combat the rise of prenatal opioid abuse and neonatal abstinence syn-drome. 
S. 804 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 804, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to specify coverage of continuous glucose monitoring de-vices, and for other purposes. 
S. 806 
At the request of Mr. B OOZMAN , the 
name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:11 Feb 12, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAY 15\S19MY5.REC S19MY5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3061 May 19, 2015 
MORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
806, a bill to amend section 31306 of title 49, United States Code, to recog-nize hair as an alternative specimen for preemployment and random controlled substances testing of commercial motor vehicle drivers and for other purposes. 
S. 807 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the 
name of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 807, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to reform and reset the excise tax on beer, and for other purposes. 
S. 836 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the 
name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
836, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to repeal certain lim-itations on health care benefits en-acted by the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
S. 925 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
names of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) and the Senator from 
Maine (Mr. K ING) were added as cospon-
sors of S. 925, a bill to require the Sec-retary of the Treasury to convene a panel of citizens to make a rec-ommendation to the Secretary regard-ing the likeness of a woman on the twenty dollar bill, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1002 
At the request of Mr. E NZI, the name 
of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1002, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for colle-giate housing and infrastructure grants. 
S. 1049 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1049, a bill to allow the fi-nancing by United States persons of sales of agricultural commodities to Cuba. 
S. 1088 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1088, a bill to amend the National Voter Registration Act of 1993 to pro-vide for voter registration through the Internet, and for other purposes. 
S. 1121 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1121, a bill to amend the Horse Protection Act to designate additional unlawful acts under the Act, strength-en penalties for violations of the Act, improve Department of Agriculture en-forcement of the Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 1123 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the names 
of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ), the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M ARKEY ), the Senator from 
Hawaii (Ms. H IRONO ), the Senator from 
Minnesota (Ms. K LOBUCHAR ), the Sen-
ator from New Jersey (Mr. B OOKER ), 
the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ), the Senator from Ohio (Mr. 
BROWN ) and the Senator from Delaware 
(Mr. C OONS ) were added as cosponsors 
of S. 1123, a bill to reform the authori-ties of the Federal Government to re-quire the production of certain busi-ness records, conduct electronic sur-veillance, use pen registers and trap and trace devices, and use other forms of information gathering for foreign in-telligence, counterterrorism, and criminal purposes, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1140 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the 
names of the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ) and the Senator from Ari-
zona (Mr. M CCAIN) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 1140, a bill to require the Secretary of the Army and the Admin-istrator of the Environmental Protec-tion Agency to propose a regulation re-vising the definition of the term ‘‘waters of the United States’’, and for other purposes. 
S. 1169 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
names of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) and the Senator from Mis-
souri (Mr. B LUNT ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 1169, a bill to reauthorize and improve the Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974, and for other purposes. 
S. 1300 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
names of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) and the Senator from Indi-
ana (Mr. D ONNELLY ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 1300, a bill to amend the section 221 of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act to provide relief for adop-tive families from immigrant visa feeds in certain situations. 
S. 1324 
At the request of Mrs. C APITO , the 
names of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) and the Senator from 
Alaska (Mr. S ULLIVAN ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 1324, a bill to require the Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency to fulfill certain requirements before regulating standards of performance for new, modified, and reconstructed fossil fuel- fired electric utility generating units, and for other purposes. 
S. 1360 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the 
name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1360, a bill to amend the limitation on liability for passenger rail accidents or incidents under sec-tion 28103 of title 49, United States Code, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 148 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name 
of the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. Res. 148, a resolution con-demning the Government of Iran’s state-sponsored persecution of its 
Baha’i minority and its continued vio-lation of the International Covenants on Human Rights. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1226 
At the request of Mr. M CCAIN, the 
names of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ), the Senator from Washington 
(Ms. C ANTWELL ), the Senator from Vir-
ginia (Mr. W ARNER ), the Senator from 
Missouri (Mrs. M CCASKILL ), the Sen-
ator from New York (Mr. S CHUMER ), 
the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ), the Senator from Massachu-
setts (Ms. W ARREN ) and the Senator 
from Arizona (Mr. F LAKE ) were added 
as cosponsors of amendment No. 1226 proposed to H.R. 1314, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1227 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
names of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ), the Senator from 
Michigan (Mr. P ETERS ), the Senator 
from Delaware (Mr. C OONS ), the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts (Mr. M ARKEY ) 
and the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) were added as cosponsors of 
amendment No. 1227 proposed to H.R. 1314, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determinations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1251 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the 
name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 1251 proposed to H.R. 1314, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determinations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1252 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the 
name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor 
of amendment No. 1252 intended to be proposed to H.R. 1314, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1273 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the 
name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-
sponsor of amendment No. 1273 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 1314, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to ad-verse determinations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1297 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , 
the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) was added as a co-
sponsor of amendment No. 1297 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 1314, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY6.014 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3062 May 19, 2015 
Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an 
administrative appeal relating to ad-verse determinations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1299 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the 
names of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ), the Senator from New 
Jersey (Mr. M ENENDEZ ), the Senator 
from Oregon (Mr. M ERKLEY ), the Sen-
ator from Michigan (Mr. P ETERS ) and 
the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) were added as cosponsors 
of amendment No. 1299 proposed to H.R. 1314, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relat-ing to adverse determinations of tax- exempt status of certain organizations. 
At the request of Ms. S
TABENOW , the 
name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 1299 proposed to H.R. 1314, supra. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1317 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the 
name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of amendment No. 1317 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 1314, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to ad-verse determinations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1319 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the 
name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 1319 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 1314, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to pro-vide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1334 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
names of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) and the Senator from 
Massachusetts (Ms. W ARREN ) were 
added as cosponsors of amendment No. 1334 intended to be proposed to H.R. 1314, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determinations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1335 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
names of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ), the Senator from New 
Mexico (Mr. U DALL ) and the Senator 
from Massachusetts (Ms. W ARREN ) were 
added as cosponsors of amendment No. 1335 intended to be proposed to H.R. 1314, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determinations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1336 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-
sor of amendment No. 1336 intended to be proposed to H.R. 1314, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 
1986 to provide for a right to an admin-istrative appeal relating to adverse de-terminations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1337 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
names of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ), the Senator from New Jersey 
(Mr. M ENENDEZ ) and the Senator from 
New Mexico (Mr. U DALL ) were added as 
cosponsors of amendment No. 1337 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 1314, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to ad-verse determinations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1365 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the 
name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of amendment No. 1365 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 1314, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to ad-verse determinations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself 
and Mr. B LUNT ): 
S. 1369. A bill to allow funds under 
title II of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 to be used to provide training to school personnel regarding how to recognize child sexual abuse; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I 
rise today on behalf of myself and Sen-ator B
LUNT , to introduce bipartisan 
legislation that would expand approved uses for the Elementary and Secondary Education Acts professional develop-ment funding to include training for teachers and school personnel on how to recognize signs of sexual abuse in students. 
According to the National Child 
Abuse and Neglect Data System, 865,643 children were victims of maltreatment in 2013. Approximately 7 percent, or 60,956 children, were victims of sexual abuse. 
The vast majority of States require 
that teachers report suspicions of child abuse, but most teachers do not receive any training on how to see the signs. 
According to the National Child 
Abuse and Neglect Data System, 61 percent of all reports of child abuse and neglect are made by professionals, yet only 17.5 percent of abuse and neglect is reported by education personnel. 
Given the amount of time teachers 
and school personnel spend with chil-dren, it is critical that the warning signs of child sexual abuse are identi-fied and reported and that action is taken. Students must also be provided appropriate resources and support if they have been abused. 
The Helping Schools Protect Our 
Children Act of 2015 expands the list of allowable uses for Elementary and Sec-
ondary Education Act, ESEA, Title II funding to permit States to use this funding to provide training for teach-ers, principals, Specialized Instruc-tional Support Personnel and para-professionals on how to recognize the signs of sexual abuse and handle the situation if sexual abuse is identified. Under current law, Title II provides grants to states for a variety of pur-poses related to recruitment, reten-tion, and professional development of K–12 teachers and principals. Our bill would simply allow professional devel-opment funds to be used to provide school personnel with this important training. 
I am proud that Senator R
OYBLUNT  
has joined me as original cosponsor on this bill. 
It is essential that as mandated re-
porters, school personnel have access 
to the proper training to recognize abuse. When no one steps in to stop abuse, children can be scarred for their entire lives. If we learn to recognize the signs of abuse or neglect, we will be better able to foster a safe environ-ment for young people to learn and grow. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 1369 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Helping 
Schools Protect Our Children Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. TRAINING TEACHERS TO RECOGNIZE 
CHILD SEXUAL ABUSE. 
(a) S TATE ACTIVITIES .—Section 2113(c) of 
the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6613(c)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(19) Providing training for all school per-
sonnel, including teachers, principals, spe-cialized instructional support personnel, and paraprofessionals, regarding how to recog-nize child sexual abuse.’’. 
(b) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY ACTIVI -
TIES.—Section 2123(a) of the Elementary and 
Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6623(a)) is amended by inserting after para-graph (8) the following: 
‘‘(9) Providing training for all school per-
sonnel, including teachers, principals, spe-cialized instructional support personnel, and paraprofessionals, regarding how to recog-nize child sexual abuse.’’. 
(c) E
LIGIBLE PARTNERSHIP ACTIVITIES .— 
Section 2134(a) of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6634(a)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)(B), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
after the semicolon; 
(2) in paragraph (2)(C), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) providing training for school per-
sonnel, including teachers, principals, spe-cialized instructional support personnel, and paraprofessionals, regarding how to recog-nize child sexual abuse.’’. 
By Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself, 
Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mr. M ANCHIN , 
and Mr. C ORKER ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY6.015 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3063 May 19, 2015 
S. 1372. A bill to repeal the crude oil 
export ban, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, I am 
proud to introduce today, with my good friend from Alaska, Senator M
UR-
KOWSKI , a bill that will wipe an out-
dated policy from our books while pro-viding a boost to our domestic oil de-
velopment and production industry. I am also pleased to have my great friends from West Virginia, Senator M
ANCHIN , and Tennessee, Senator 
CORKER , join us in introducing this bill 
today. This bill would allow U.S. crude oil producers to compete on equal foot-ing with most other major oil pro-ducing nations, helping to remove cur-rent barriers that prevent U.S. pro-ducers from receiving a fair price for their commodity on the world market. 
Just last week, I joined Senator M
UR-
KOWSKI as she introduced her bill, The 
Energy Supply and Distribution Act, that looks to address the build-out of critical energy infrastructure and opening up access to new markets for our energy commodities, while also looking to make it easier to distribute our energy to our neighbors in Mexico and Canada. A provision in that bill also looks to repeal the current crude oil export ban. I will continue to advo-cate for that bill as well, and look for-ward to Senator M
URKOWSKI bringing 
that bill before her Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. I view this bill as not only complimen-tary to the bill introduced last week, but also a way to keep the conversa-tion going as I look to bring this bill up for debate in another Committee, before a different audience. Senator M
URKOWSKI and I have been working on 
this effort for some time and we both felt it was time to show our cards and let our colleagues and others see where we are in this process. The language may be different, but the goal is the same. 
Some people may wonder how we 
even got here, and why would we want to remove a policy that has brought little public or Congressional scrutiny for almost forty years. Well, in 1973, President Richard Nixon placed crude oil under price controls after the price of oil continued to rise. He created a ban on oil exports as an enforcement tool for his price controls, restricting sales outside the U.S. When President Ronald Reagan lifted those price con-trols, the accompanying export ban was retained. So basically, the current restricted trade environment for U.S. crude oil is an unintended consequence of a 1970’s price control policy. 
While certain exemptions were added 
over the years allowing for the export of some U.S. oil from California and Alaska, repeal of the overall prohibi-tion on U.S. crude oil exports was never really seen as a major policy pri-ority. All of that changed with the new oil production renaissance in the U.S, brought about by technological innova-tions that have allowed for pin-point accurate horizontal drilling and con-
tinued advances in hydraulic frac-turing. These, and other advances, have allowed for exploration and pro-duction of shale in places like North Dakota, Montana, Wyoming, Texas, Colorado, and New Mexico. These shale oil and natural gas plays across the country have made the U.S. the num-ber one combined crude oil and natural gas producer in the world. The situa-tion on the ground has certainly changed and it is time to make sure our export policies are finally updated to reflect those changes. 
This issue is of particular importance 
to North Dakota. Due to transpor-tation and infrastructure constraints, 
producers in the Bakken are already selling their crude oil at an even steep-er discount than U.S. producers in other plays. Combined with the recent downturn in the price of a barrel of oil, static or declining current global de-mand, and stable production from OPEC nations—U.S. crude producers in North Dakota and elsewhere have begun to feel the pinch. While other na-tions, including Iran and Russia, are able to sell their crude oil into the world market for the best price and can continue to maintain or pick up mar-ket share during this downturn, U.S. producers are constrained from com-peting on equal footing. 
As recently as 2007, North Dakota 
ranked eight among U.S. oil producing states. However, due to the shale oil boom in the Bakken, North Dakota has been the number two oil producing state in the country since 2012—behind only Texas. While North Dakota con-tinues to remain in that spot, there has been a steep downturn since September 2014. The state has over one hundred less drilling rigs then at the same time in September 2014, the number of wells awaiting completion are at near his-toric highs, capital expenditures in the U.S. are way down for oil companies, and we continue to see layoffs and re-duced hours in the oil and oilfield serv-ices industries. North Dakota crude oil producers need access to the world market to maintain and continue to develop the valuable natural resource in the State. 
Numerous studies in the past year in-
cluding one by the non-partisan U.S. Government Accountability Office have found that repealing the ban on crude oil exports will lower U.S. gaso-line prices. These studies concluded that we should export crude oil in the same manner that we export millions of barrels of gasoline and diesel every day. As a matter of fact, while some people continue to say that we need to keep our crude oil locked in or retail gasoline prices will rise—they fail to mention the fact that the U.S. is the number exporter in the world of refined petroleum products, including gaso-line. So the facts just do not add up for their argument. Additionally, at a time of growing threats to international se-curity, hardworking Americans in the energy sector are helping our nation become more secure, prosperous, and 
resilient to crises overseas. The admin-istration’s own National Security Strategy recognizes that energy abun-dance at home can translate to a strengthened geopolitical position on the global stage. 
Unrestricted exports of U.S. crude oil 
is key to the long-term stability of consumer prices, continued investment and growth in U.S. development and production, resumption of job growth 
in the energy sector and supporting in-dustries, and continued reduction in the U.S. trade deficit, while also pro-viding national energy security. I hope our colleagues will join us in sup-porting this important effort to remove an outdated policy and put our U.S. crude oil on equal footing with crude oil from around the world. 
By Mr. DURBIN (for himself and 
Mr. C ASSIDY ): 
S. 1374. A bill to amend the Higher 
Education Act of 1965 to establish fair and consistent eligibility requirements for graduate medical schools operating outside the United States and Canada; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 1374 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Foreign 
Medical School Accountability Fairness Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. PURPOSE. 
To establish consistent eligibility require-
ments for graduate medical schools oper-ating outside of the United States and Can-ada in order to increase accountability and protect American students and taxpayer dol-lars. 
SEC. 3. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) Three for-profit schools in the Carib-
bean receive more than two-thirds of all Fed-eral funding under title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1070 et seq.) that goes to students enrolled at foreign graduate medical schools, despite those three schools being exempt from meeting the same eligibility requirements as the major-ity of graduate medical schools located out-side of the United States and Canada. 
(2) The National Committee on Foreign 
Medical Education and Accreditation and the Department of Education recommend that all foreign graduate medical schools should be required to meet the same eligi-bility requirements to participate in Federal funding under title IV of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1070 et seq.) and see no rationale for excluding certain schools. 
(3) The attrition rate at United States 
medical schools averaged 3 percent for the class beginning in 2009 while rates at for- profit Caribbean schools have reached 26 per-cent or higher. 
(4) In 2013, residency match rates for for-
eign trained graduates averaged 53 percent compared to 94 percent for graduates of med-ical schools in the United States. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:02 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY6.030 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3064 May 19, 2015 
(5) On average, students at for-profit med-
ical schools operating outside of the United States and Canada amass more student debt than those at medical schools in the United States. 
SEC. 4. REPEAL GRANDFATHER PROVISIONS. 
Section 102(a)(2) of the Higher Education 
Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1002(a)(2)) is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A), by striking clause 
(i) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(i) in the case of a graduate medical 
school located outside the United States— 
‘‘(I) at least 60 percent of those enrolled in, 
and at least 60 percent of the graduates of, the graduate medical school outside the United States were not persons described in section 484(a)(5) in the year preceding the year for which a student is seeking a loan under part D of title IV; and 
‘‘(II) at least 75 percent of the individuals 
who were students or graduates of the grad-uate medical school outside the United States or Canada (both nationals of the United States and others) taking the exami-nations administered by the Educational Commission for Foreign Medical Graduates received a passing score in the year pre-ceding the year for which a student is seek-ing a loan under part D of title IV;’’; and 
(2) in subparagraph (B)(iii), by adding at 
the end the following: 
‘‘(V) E
XPIRATION OF AUTHORITY .—The au-
thority of a graduate medical school de-scribed in subclause (I) to qualify for partici-pation in the loan programs under part D of title IV pursuant to this clause shall expire beginning on the first July 1 following the date of enactment of the Foreign Medical School Accountability Fairness Act of 2015.’’. 
SEC. 5. LOSS OF ELIGIBILITY. 
If a graduate medical school loses eligi-
bility to participate in the loan programs under part D of title IV of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087a et seq.) due to the enactment of the amendments made by section 4, then a student enrolled at such graduate medical school on or before the date of enactment of this Act may, notwith-standing such loss of eligibility, continue to be eligible to receive a loan under such part D while attending such graduate medical school in which the student was enrolled upon the date of enactment of this Act, sub-ject to the student continuing to meet all applicable requirements for satisfactory aca-demic progress, until the earliest of— 
(1) withdrawal by the student from the 
graduate medical school; 
(2) completion of the program of study by 
the student at the graduate medical school; or 
(3) the fourth June 30 after such loss of eli-
gibility. 
By Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Ms. 
BALDWIN , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. 
FRANKEN , Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. 
MARKEY , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. 
MURPHY , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. 
REED, Mr. S ANDERS , Ms. W AR-
REN, Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. 
LEAHY , and Mr. B LUMENTHAL ): 
S. 1375. A bill to designate as wilder-
ness certain Federal portions of the red rock canyons of the Colorado Plateau and the Great Basin Deserts in the State of Utah for the benefit of present and future generations of people in the United States; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: S. 1375 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘America’s Red Rock Wilderness Act of 2015’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents of this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. 
Sec. 2. Definitions. 
TITLE I—DESIGNATION OF WILDERNESS 
AREAS 
Sec. 101. Great Basin Wilderness Areas. 
Sec. 102. Grand Staircase-Escalante Wilder-
ness Areas. 
Sec. 103. Moab-La Sal Canyons Wilderness 
Areas. 
Sec. 104. Henry Mountains Wilderness Areas. Sec. 105. Glen Canyon Wilderness Areas. Sec. 106. San Juan-Anasazi Wilderness 
Areas. 
Sec. 107. Canyonlands Basin Wilderness 
Areas. 
Sec. 108. San Rafael Swell Wilderness Areas. Sec. 109. Book Cliffs and Uinta Basin Wilder-
ness Areas. 
TITLE II—ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS 
Sec. 201. General provisions. 
Sec. 202. Administration. Sec. 203. State school trust land within wil-
derness areas. 
Sec. 204. Water. Sec. 205. Roads. Sec. 206. Livestock. Sec. 207. Fish and wildlife. Sec. 208. Management of newly acquired 
land. 
Sec. 209. Withdrawal. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: 
(1) S ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of the Interior, acting through the Bureau of Land Management. 
(2) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means the 
State of Utah. 
TITLE I—DESIGNATION OF WILDERNESS 
AREAS 
SEC. 101. GREAT BASIN WILDERNESS AREAS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— 
(1) the Great Basin region of western Utah 
is comprised of starkly beautiful mountain ranges that rise as islands from the desert floor; 
(2) the Wah Wah Mountains in the Great 
Basin region are arid and austere, with mas-sive cliff faces and leathery slopes speckled with pin ˜on and juniper; 
(3) the Pilot Range and Stansbury Moun-
tains in the Great Basin region are high enough to draw moisture from passing clouds and support ecosystems found nowhere else on earth; 
(4) from bristlecone pine, the world’s oldest 
living organism, to newly flowered mountain meadows, mountains of the Great Basin re-gion are islands of nature that— 
(A) support remarkable biological diver-
sity; and 
(B) provide opportunities to experience the 
colossal silence of the Great Basin; and 
(5) the Great Basin region of western Utah 
should be protected and managed to ensure the preservation of the natural conditions of the region. 
(b) D
ESIGNATION .—In accordance with the 
Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.), the following areas in the State are designated as wilderness areas and as components of the National Wilderness Preservation System: 
(1) Antelope Range (approximately 17,000 
acres). 
(2) Barn Hills (approximately 20,000 acres). (3) Black Hills (approximately 9,000 acres). (4) Bullgrass Knoll (approximately 15,000 
acres). 
(5) Burbank Hills/Tunnel Spring (approxi-
mately 92,000 acres). 
(6) Conger Mountains (approximately 21,000 
acres). 
(7) Crater Bench (approximately 35,000 
acres). 
(8) Crater and Silver Island Mountains (ap-
proximately 121,000 acres). 
(9) Cricket Mountains Cluster (approxi-
mately 62,000 acres). 
(10) Deep Creek Mountains (approximately 
126,000 acres). 
(11) Drum Mountains (approximately 39,000 
acres). 
(12) Dugway Mountains (approximately 
24,000 acres). 
(13) Essex Canyon (approximately 1,300 
acres). 
(14) Fish Springs Range (approximately 
64,000 acres). 
(15) Granite Peak (approximately 19,000 
acres). 
(16) Grassy Mountains (approximately 
23,000 acres). 
(17) Grouse Creek Mountains (approxi-
mately 15,000 acres). 
(18) House Range (approximately 201,000 
acres). 
(19) Keg Mountains (approximately 38,000 
acres). 
(20) Kern Mountains (approximately 15,000 
acres). 
(21) King Top (approximately 110,000 acres). (22) Ledger Canyon (approximately 9,000 
acres). 
(23) Little Goose Creek (approximately 
1,200 acres). 
(24) Middle/Granite Mountains (approxi-
mately 80,000 acres). 
(25) Mount Escalante (approximately 18,000 
acres). 
(26) Mountain Home Range (approximately 
90,000 acres). 
(27) Newfoundland Mountains (approxi-
mately 22,000 acres). 
(28) Ochre Mountain (approximately 13,000 
acres). 
(29) Oquirrh Mountains (approximately 
9,000 acres). 
(30) Painted Rock Mountain (approxi-
mately 26,000 acres). 
(31) Paradise/Steamboat Mountains (ap-
proximately 144,000 acres). 
(32) Pilot Range (approximately 45,000 
acres). 
(33) Red Tops (approximately 28,000 acres). (34) Rockwell-Little Sahara (approxi-
mately 21,000 acres). 
(35) San Francisco Mountains (approxi-
mately 39,000 acres). 
(36) Sand Ridge (approximately 73,000 
acres). 
(37) Simpson Mountains (approximately 
42,000 acres). 
(38) Snake Valley (approximately 100,000 
acres). 
(39) Spring Creek Canyon (approximately 
4,000 acres). 
(40) Stansbury Island (approximately 10,000 
acres). 
(41) Stansbury Mountains (approximately 
24,000 acres). 
(42) Thomas Range (approximately 36,000 
acres). 
(43) Tule Valley (approximately 159,000 
acres). 
(44) Wah Wah Mountains (approximately 
167,000 acres). 
(45) Wasatch/Sevier Plateaus (approxi-
mately 29,000 acres). 
(46) White Rock Range (approximately 
5,200 acres). 
SEC. 102. GRAND STAIRCASE-ESCALANTE WIL-
DERNESS AREAS. 
(a) G RAND STAIRCASE AREA.— 
(1) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY6.032 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3065 May 19, 2015 
(A) the area known as the Grand Staircase 
rises more than 6,000 feet in a series of great cliffs and plateaus from the depths of the Grand Canyon to the forested rim of Bryce Canyon; 
(B) the Grand Staircase— (i) spans 6 major life zones, from the lower 
Sonoran Desert to the alpine forest; and 
(ii) encompasses geologic formations that 
display 3,000,000,000 years of Earth’s history; 
(C) land managed by the Secretary lines 
the intricate canyon system of the Paria River and forms a vital natural corridor con-nection to the deserts and forests of those national parks; 
(D) land described in paragraph (2) (other 
than East of Bryce, Upper Kanab Creek, Moquith Mountain, Bunting Point, and Vermillion Cliffs) is located within the Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monu-ment; and 
(E) the Grand Staircase in Utah should be 
protected and managed as a wilderness area. 
(2) D
ESIGNATION .—In accordance with the 
Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.), the following areas in the State are designated as wilderness areas and as components of the National Wilderness Preservation System: 
(A) Bryce View (approximately 4,500 acres). (B) Bunting Point (approximately 11,000 
acres). 
(C) Canaan Mountain (approximately 16,000 
acres in Kane County). 
(D) Canaan Peak Slopes (approximately 
2,300 acres). 
(E) East of Bryce (approximately 750 
acres). 
(F) Glass Eye Canyon (approximately 24,000 
acres). 
(G) Ladder Canyon (approximately 14,000 
acres). 
(H) Moquith Mountain (approximately 
16,000 acres). 
(I) Nephi Point (approximately 14,000 
acres). 
(J) Orderville Canyon (approximately 9,200 
acres). 
(K) Paria-Hackberry (approximately 188,000 
acres). 
(L) Paria Wilderness Expansion (approxi-
mately 3,300 acres). 
(M) Parunuweap Canyon (approximately 
43,000 acres). 
(N) Pine Hollow (approximately 11,000 
acres). 
(O) Slopes of Bryce (approximately 2,600 
acres). 
(P) Timber Mountain (approximately 51,000 
acres). 
(Q) Upper Kanab Creek (approximately 
49,000 acres). 
(R) Vermillion Cliffs (approximately 26,000 
acres). 
(S) Willis Creek (approximately 21,000 
acres). 
(b) K
AIPAROWITS PLATEAU .— 
(1) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— 
(A) the Kaiparowits Plateau east of the 
Paria River is one of the most rugged and isolated wilderness regions in the United States; 
(B) the Kaiparowits Plateau, a windswept 
land of harsh beauty, contains distant vistas and a remarkable variety of plant and ani-mal species; 
(C) ancient forests, an abundance of big 
game animals, and 22 species of raptors thrive undisturbed on the grassland mesa tops of the Kaiparowits Plateau; 
(D) each of the areas described in para-
graph (2) (other than Heaps Canyon, Little Valley, and Wide Hollow) is located within the Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument; and 
(E) the Kaiparowits Plateau should be pro-
tected and managed as a wilderness area. 
(2) D
ESIGNATION .—In accordance with the 
Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.), the following areas in the State are designated 
as wilderness areas and as components of the National Wilderness Preservation System: 
(A) Andalex Not (approximately 18,000 
acres). 
(B) The Blues (approximately 21,000 acres). (C) Box Canyon (approximately 2,800 
acres). 
(D) Burning Hills (approximately 80,000 
acres). 
(E) Carcass Canyon (approximately 83,000 
acres). 
(F) The Cockscomb (approximately 11,000 
acres). 
(G) Fiftymile Bench (approximately 12,000 
acres). 
(H) Fiftymile Mountain (approximately 
203,000 acres). 
(I) Heaps Canyon (approximately 4,000 
acres). 
(J) Horse Spring Canyon (approximately 
31,000 acres). 
(K) Kodachrome Headlands (approximately 
10,000 acres). 
(L) Little Valley Canyon (approximately 
4,000 acres). 
(M) Mud Spring Canyon (approximately 
65,000 acres). 
(N) Nipple Bench (approximately 32,000 
acres). 
(O) Paradise Canyon-Wahweap (approxi-
mately 262,000 acres). 
(P) Rock Cove (approximately 16,000 acres). (Q) Warm Creek (approximately 23,000 
acres). 
(R) Wide Hollow (approximately 6,800 
acres). 
(c) E
SCALANTE CANYONS .— 
(1) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— 
(A) glens and coves carved in massive sand-
stone cliffs, spring-watered hanging gardens, and the silence of ancient Anasazi ruins are examples of the unique features that entice hikers, campers, and sightseers from around the world to Escalante Canyon; 
(B) Escalante Canyon links the spruce fir 
forests of the 11,000-foot Aquarius Plateau with winding slickrock canyons that flow into Glen Canyon; 
(C) Escalante Canyon, one of Utah’s most 
popular natural areas, contains critical habi-tat for deer, elk, and wild bighorn sheep that also enhances the scenic integrity of the area; 
(D) each of the areas described in para-
graph (2) is located within the Grand Stair-case-Escalante National Monument; and 
(E) Escalante Canyon should be protected 
and managed as a wilderness area. 
(2) D
ESIGNATION .—In accordance with the 
Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.), the following areas in the State are designated as wilderness areas and as components of the National Wilderness Preservation System: 
(A) Brinkerhof Flats (approximately 3,000 
acres). 
(B) Colt Mesa (approximately 28,000 acres). (C) Death Hollow (approximately 49,000 
acres). 
(D) Forty Mile Gulch (approximately 6,600 
acres). 
(E) Hurricane Wash (approximately 9,000 
acres). 
(F) Lampstand (approximately 7,900 acres). (G) Muley Twist Flank (approximately 
3,600 acres). 
(H) North Escalante Canyons (approxi-
mately 176,000 acres). 
(I) Pioneer Mesa (approximately 11,000 
acres). 
(J) Scorpion (approximately 53,000 acres). (K) Sooner Bench (approximately 390 
acres). 
(L) Steep Creek (approximately 35,000 
acres). 
(M) Studhorse Peaks (approximately 24,000 
acres). SEC. 103. MOAB-LA SAL CANYONS WILDERNESS 
AREAS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— 
(1) the canyons surrounding the La Sal 
Mountains and the town of Moab offer a vari-ety of extraordinary landscapes; 
(2) outstanding examples of natural forma-
tions and landscapes in the Moab-La Sal area include the huge sandstone fins of Behind the Rocks, the mysterious Fisher Towers, and the whitewater rapids of Westwater Can-yon; and 
(3) the Moab-La Sal area should be pro-
tected and managed as a wilderness area. 
(b) D
ESIGNATION .—In accordance with the 
Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.), the following areas in the State are designated as wilderness areas and as components of the National Wilderness Preservation System: 
(1) Arches Adjacent (approximately 12,000 
acres). 
(2) Beaver Creek (approximately 41,000 
acres). 
(3) Behind the Rocks and Hunters Canyon 
(approximately 22,000 acres). 
(4) Big Triangle (approximately 20,000 
acres). 
(5) Coyote Wash (approximately 28,000 
acres). 
(6) Dome Plateau-Professor Valley (ap-
proximately 35,000 acres). 
(7) Fisher Towers (approximately 18,000 
acres). 
(8) Goldbar Canyon (approximately 9,000 
acres). 
(9) Granite Creek (approximately 5,000 
acres). 
(10) Mary Jane Canyon (approximately 
25,000 acres). 
(11) Mill Creek (approximately 14,000 
acres). 
(12) Porcupine Rim and Morning Glory (ap-
proximately 20,000 acres). 
(13) Renegade Point (approximately 6,600 
acres). 
(14) Westwater Canyon (approximately 
37,000 acres). 
(15) Yellow Bird (approximately 4,200 
acres). 
SEC. 104. HENRY MOUNTAINS WILDERNESS 
AREAS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— 
(1) the Henry Mountain Range, the last 
mountain range to be discovered and named by early explorers in the contiguous United States, still retains a wild and undiscovered quality; 
(2) fluted badlands that surround the 
flanks of 11,000-foot Mounts Ellen and Pen-nell contain areas of critical habitat for mule deer and for the largest herd of free- roaming buffalo in the United States; 
(3) despite their relative accessibility, the 
Henry Mountain Range remains one of the wildest, least-known ranges in the United States; and 
(4) the Henry Mountain range should be 
protected and managed to ensure the preser-vation of the range as a wilderness area. 
(b) D
ESIGNATION .—In accordance with the 
Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.), the following areas in the State are designated as wilderness areas and as components of the National Wilderness Preservation System: 
(1) Bull Mountain (approximately 16,000 
acres). 
(2) Bullfrog Creek (approximately 35,000 
acres). 
(3) Dogwater Creek (approximately 3,400 
acres). 
(4) Fremont Gorge (approximately 20,000 
acres). 
(5) Long Canyon (approximately 16,000 
acres). 
(6) Mount Ellen-Blue Hills (approximately 
140,000 acres). 
(7) Mount Hillers (approximately 21,000 
acres). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY6.028 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3066 May 19, 2015 
(8) Mount Pennell (approximately 147,000 
acres). 
(9) Notom Bench (approximately 6,200 
acres). 
(10) Oak Creek (approximately 1,700 acres). (11) Ragged Mountain (approximately 
28,000 acres). 
SEC. 105. GLEN CANYON WILDERNESS AREAS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— 
(1) the side canyons of Glen Canyon, in-
cluding the Dirty Devil River and the Red, White and Blue Canyons, contain some of the most remote and outstanding landscapes in southern Utah; 
(2) the Dirty Devil River, once the fortress 
hideout of outlaw Butch Cassidy’s Wild Bunch, has sculpted a maze of slickrock can-yons through an imposing landscape of monoliths and inaccessible mesas; 
(3) the Red and Blue Canyons contain 
colorful Chinle/Moenkopi badlands found no-where else in the region; and 
(4) the canyons of Glen Canyon in the 
State should be protected and managed as wilderness areas. 
(b) D
ESIGNATION .—In accordance with the 
Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.), the following areas in the State are designated as wilderness areas and as components of the National Wilderness Preservation System: 
(1) Cane Spring Desert (approximately 
18,000 acres). 
(2) Dark Canyon (approximately 134,000 
acres). 
(3) Dirty Devil (approximately 242,000 
acres). 
(4) Fiddler Butte (approximately 92,000 
acres). 
(5) Flat Tops (approximately 30,000 acres). (6) Little Rockies (approximately 64,000 
acres). 
(7) The Needle (approximately 11,000 acres). (8) Red Rock Plateau (approximately 
213,000 acres). 
(9) White Canyon (approximately 98,000 
acres). 
SEC. 106. SAN JUAN-ANASAZI WILDERNESS 
AREAS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— 
(1) more than 1,000 years ago, the Anasazi 
Indian culture flourished in the slickrock canyons and on the pin ˜on-covered mesas of 
southeastern Utah; 
(2) evidence of the ancient presence of the 
Anasazi pervades the Cedar Mesa area of the San Juan-Anasazi area where cliff dwellings, rock art, and ceremonial kivas embellish sandstone overhangs and isolated benchlands; 
(3) the Cedar Mesa area is in need of pro-
tection from the vandalism and theft of its unique cultural resources; 
(4) the Cedar Mesa wilderness areas should 
be created to protect both the archaeological heritage and the extraordinary wilderness, scenic, and ecological values of the United States; and 
(5) the San Juan-Anasazi area should be 
protected and managed as a wilderness area to ensure the preservation of the unique and valuable resources of that area. 
(b) D
ESIGNATION .—In accordance with the 
Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.), the following areas in the State are designated as wilderness areas and as components of the National Wilderness Preservation System: 
(1) Allen Canyon (approximately 5,900 
acres). 
(2) Arch Canyon (approximately 30,000 
acres). 
(3) Comb Ridge (approximately 15,000 
acres). 
(4) East Montezuma (approximately 45,000 
acres). 
(5) Fish and Owl Creek Canyons (approxi-
mately 73,000 acres). 
(6) Grand Gulch (approximately 159,000 
acres). (7) Hammond Canyon (approximately 4,400 
acres). 
(8) Nokai Dome (approximately 93,000 
acres). 
(9) Road Canyon (approximately 63,000 
acres). 
(10) San Juan River (Sugarloaf) (approxi-
mately 15,000 acres). 
(11) The Tabernacle (approximately 7,000 
acres). 
(12) Valley of the Gods (approximately 
21,000 acres). 
SEC. 107. CANYONLANDS BASIN WILDERNESS 
AREAS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— 
(1) Canyonlands National Park safeguards 
only a small portion of the extraordinary red-hued, cliff-walled canyonland region of the Colorado Plateau; 
(2) areas near Arches National Park and 
Canyonlands National Park contain canyons with rushing perennial streams, natural arches, bridges, and towers; 
(3) the gorges of the Green and Colorado 
Rivers lie on adjacent land managed by the Secretary; 
(4) popular overlooks in Canyonlands Na-
tions Park and Dead Horse Point State Park have views directly into adjacent areas, in-cluding Lockhart Basin and Indian Creek; and 
(5) designation of those areas as wilderness 
would ensure the protection of this erosional masterpiece of nature and of the rich pock-ets of wildlife found within its expanded boundaries. 
(b) D
ESIGNATION .—In accordance with the 
Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.), the following areas in the State are designated as wilderness areas and as components of the National Wilderness Preservation System: 
(1) Bridger Jack Mesa (approximately 
33,000 acres). 
(2) Butler Wash (approximately 27,000 
acres). 
(3) Dead Horse Cliffs (approximately 5,300 
acres). 
(4) Demon’s Playground (approximately 
3,700 acres). 
(5) Duma Point (approximately 14,000 
acres). 
(6) Gooseneck (approximately 9,000 acres). (7) Hatch Point Canyons/Lockhart Basin 
(approximately 149,000 acres). 
(8) Horsethief Point (approximately 15,000 
acres). 
(9) Indian Creek (approximately 28,000 
acres). 
(10) Labyrinth Canyon (approximately 
150,000 acres). 
(11) San Rafael River (approximately 
101,000 acres). 
(12) Shay Mountain (approximately 14,000 
acres). 
(13) Sweetwater Reef (approximately 69,000 
acres). 
(14) Upper Horseshoe Canyon (approxi-
mately 60,000 acres). 
SEC. 108. SAN RAFAEL SWELL WILDERNESS 
AREAS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— 
(1) the San Rafael Swell towers above the 
desert like a castle, ringed by 1,000-foot ram-parts of Navajo Sandstone; 
(2) the highlands of the San Rafael Swell 
have been fractured by uplift and rendered hollow by erosion over countless millennia, leaving a tremendous basin punctuated by mesas, buttes, and canyons and traversed by sediment-laden desert streams; 
(3) among other places, the San Rafael wil-
derness offers exceptional back country op-portunities in the colorful Wild Horse Bad-lands, the monoliths of North Caineville Mesa, the rock towers of Cliff Wash, and colorful cliffs of Humbug Canyon; (4) the mountains within these areas are 
among Utah’s most valuable habitat for desert bighorn sheep; and 
(5) the San Rafael Swell area should be 
protected and managed to ensure its preser-vation as a wilderness area. 
(b) D
ESIGNATION .—In accordance with the 
Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.), the following areas in the State are designated as wilderness areas and as components of the National Wilderness Preservation System: 
(1) Cedar Mountain (approximately 15,000 
acres). 
(2) Devils Canyon (approximately 23,000 
acres). 
(3) Eagle Canyon (approximately 38,000 
acres). 
(4) Factory Butte (approximately 22,000 
acres). 
(5) Hondu Country (approximately 20,000 
acres). 
(6) Jones Bench (approximately 2,800 
acres). 
(7) Limestone Cliffs (approximately 25,000 
acres). 
(8) Lost Spring Wash (approximately 37,000 
acres). 
(9) Mexican Mountain (approximately 
100,000 acres). 
(10) Molen Reef (approximately 33,000 
acres). 
(11) Muddy Creek (approximately 240,000 
acres). 
(12) Mussentuchit Badlands (approximately 
25,000 acres). 
(13) Pleasant Creek Bench (approximately 
1,100 acres). 
(14) Price River-Humbug (approximately 
120,000 acres). 
(15) Red Desert (approximately 40,000 
acres). 
(16) Rock Canyon (approximately 18,000 
acres). 
(17) San Rafael Knob (approximately 15,000 
acres). 
(18) San Rafael Reef (approximately 114,000 
acres). 
(19) Sids Mountain (approximately 107,000 
acres). 
(20) Upper Muddy Creek (approximately 
19,000 acres). 
(21) Wild Horse Mesa (approximately 92,000 
acres). 
SEC. 109. BOOK CLIFFS AND UINTA BASIN WIL-
DERNESS AREAS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— 
(1) the Book Cliffs and Uinta Basin wilder-
ness areas offer— 
(A) unique big game hunting opportunities 
in verdant high-plateau forests; 
(B) the opportunity for float trips of sev-
eral days duration down the Green River in Desolation Canyon; and 
(C) the opportunity for calm water canoe 
weekends on the White River; 
(2) the long rampart of the Book Cliffs 
bounds the area on the south, while seldom- visited uplands, dissected by the rivers and streams, slope away to the north into the Uinta Basin; 
(3) bears, Bighorn sheep, cougars, elk, and 
mule deer flourish in the back country of the Book Cliffs; and 
(4) the Book Cliffs and Uinta Basin areas 
should be protected and managed to ensure the protection of the areas as wilderness. 
(b) D
ESIGNATION .—In accordance with the 
Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.), the following areas in the State are designated as wilderness areas and as components of the National Wilderness Preservation System. 
(1) Bourdette Draw (approximately 15,000 
acres). 
(2) Bull Canyon (approximately 2,800 
acres). 
(3) Chipeta (approximately 95,000 acres). (4) Dead Horse Pass (approximately 8,000 
acres). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY6.028 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3067 May 19, 2015 
(5) Desbrough Canyon (approximately 
13,000 acres). 
(6) Desolation Canyon (approximately 
555,000 acres). 
(7) Diamond Breaks (approximately 9,000 
acres). 
(8) Diamond Canyon (approximately 166,000 
acres). 
(9) Diamond Mountain (also known as 
‘‘Wild Mountain’’) (approximately 27,000 acres). 
(10) Dinosaur Adjacent (approximately 
10,000 acres). 
(11) Goslin Mountain (approximately 4,900 
acres). 
(12) Hideout Canyon (approximately 12,000 
acres). 
(13) Lower Bitter Creek (approximately 
14,000 acres). 
(14) Lower Flaming Gorge (approximately 
21,000 acres). 
(15) Mexico Point (approximately 15,000 
acres). 
(16) Moonshine Draw (also known as ‘‘Dan-
iels Canyon’’) (approximately 10,000 acres). 
(17) Mountain Home (approximately 9,000 
acres). 
(18) O-Wi-Yu-Kuts (approximately 13,000 
acres). 
(19) Red Creek Badlands (approximately 
3,600 acres). 
(20) Seep Canyon (approximately 21,000 
acres). 
(21) Sunday School Canyon (approximately 
18,000 acres). 
(22) Survey Point (approximately 8,000 
acres). 
(23) Turtle Canyon (approximately 39,000 
acres). 
(24) White River (approximately 23,000 
acres). 
(25) Winter Ridge (approximately 38,000 
acres). 
(26) Wolf Point (approximately 15,000 
acres). 
TITLE II—ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS 
SEC. 201. GENERAL PROVISIONS. 
(a) N AMES OF WILDERNESS AREAS .—Each 
wilderness area named in title I shall— 
(1) consist of the quantity of land ref-
erenced with respect to that named area, as generally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Utah BLM Wilderness’’; and 
(2) be known by the name given to it in 
title I. 
(b) M
AP AND DESCRIPTION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—As soon as practicable 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall file a map and a legal de-scription of each wilderness area designated by this Act with— 
(A) the Committee on Natural Resources of 
the House of Representatives; and 
(B) the Committee on Energy and Natural 
Resources of the Senate. 
(2) F
ORCE OF LAW .—A map and legal de-
scription filed under paragraph (1) shall have the same force and effect as if included in this Act, except that the Secretary may cor-rect clerical and typographical errors in the map and legal description. 
(3) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—Each map and 
legal description filed under paragraph (1) shall be filed and made available for public inspection in the Office of the Director of the Bureau of Land Management. 
SEC. 202. ADMINISTRATION. 
Subject to valid rights in existence on the 
date of enactment of this Act, each wilder-ness area designated under this Act shall be administered by the Secretary in accordance with— 
(1) the Federal Land Policy and Manage-
ment Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.); and 
(2) the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et 
seq.). SEC. 203. STATE SCHOOL TRUST LAND WITHIN 
WILDERNESS AREAS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b), 
if State-owned land is included in an area designated by this Act as a wilderness area, the Secretary shall offer to exchange land owned by the United States in the State of approximately equal value in accordance with section 603(c) of the Federal Land Pol-icy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1782(c)) and section 5(a) of the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1134(a)). 
(b) M
INERAL INTERESTS .—The Secretary 
shall not transfer any mineral interests under subsection (a) unless the State trans-fers to the Secretary any mineral interests in land designated by this Act as a wilder-ness area. 
SEC. 204. WATER. 
(a) R ESERVATION .— 
(1) W ATER FOR WILDERNESS AREAS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—With respect to each wil-
derness area designated by this Act, Con-gress reserves a quantity of water deter-mined by the Secretary to be sufficient for the wilderness area. 
(B) P
RIORITY DATE .—The priority date of a 
right reserved under subparagraph (A) shall be the date of enactment of this Act. 
(2) P
ROTECTION OF RIGHTS .—The Secretary 
and other officers and employees of the United States shall take any steps necessary to protect the rights reserved by paragraph (1)(A), including the filing of a claim for the quantification of the rights in any present or future appropriate stream adjudication in the courts of the State— 
(A) in which the United States is or may be 
joined; and 
(B) that is conducted in accordance with 
section 208 of the Department of Justice Ap-propriation Act, 1953 (66 Stat. 560, chapter 651). 
(b) P
RIOR RIGHTS NOTAFFECTED .—Nothing 
in this Act relinquishes or reduces any water rights reserved or appropriated by the United States in the State on or before the date of enactment of this Act. 
(c) A
DMINISTRATION .— 
(1) S PECIFICATION OF RIGHTS .—The Federal 
water rights reserved by this Act are specific to the wilderness areas designated by this Act. 
(2) N
O PRECEDENT ESTABLISHED .—Nothing 
in this Act related to reserved Federal water rights— 
(A) shall establish a precedent with regard 
to any future designation of water rights; or 
(B) shall affect the interpretation of any 
other Act or any designation made under any other Act. 
SEC. 205. ROADS. 
(a) S ETBACKS .— 
(1) M EASUREMENT IN GENERAL .—A setback 
under this section shall be measured from the center line of the road. 
(2) W
ILDERNESS ON 1 SIDE OF ROADS .—Ex-
cept as provided in subsection (b), a setback for a road with wilderness on only 1 side shall be set at— 
(A) 300 feet from a paved Federal or State 
highway; 
(B) 100 feet from any other paved road or 
high standard dirt or gravel road; and 
(C) 30 feet from any other road. (3) W
ILDERNESS ON BOTH SIDES OF ROADS .— 
Except as provided in subsection (b), a set-back for a road with wilderness on both sides (including cherry-stems or roads separating 2 wilderness units) shall be set at— 
(A) 200 feet from a paved Federal or State 
highway; 
(B) 40 feet from any other paved road or 
high standard dirt or gravel road; and 
(C) 10 feet from any other roads. 
(b) S
ETBACK EXCEPTIONS .— 
(1) W ELL-DEFINED TOPOGRAPHICAL BAR -
RIERS .—If, between the road and the bound-ary of a setback area described in paragraph 
(2) or (3) of subsection (a), there is a well-de-fined cliff edge, stream bank, or other topo-graphical barrier, the Secretary shall use the barrier as the wilderness boundary. 
(2) F
ENCES .—If, between the road and the 
boundary of a setback area specified in para-graph (2) or (3) of subsection (a), there is a fence running parallel to a road, the Sec-retary shall use the fence as the wilderness boundary if, in the opinion of the Secretary, doing so would result in a more manageable boundary. 
(3) D
EVIATIONS FROM SETBACK AREAS .— 
(A) E XCLUSION OF DISTURBANCES FROM WIL -
DERNESS BOUNDARIES .—In cases where there 
is an existing livestock development, dis-persed camping area, borrow pit, or similar disturbance within 100 feet of a road that forms part of a wilderness boundary, the Sec-retary may delineate the boundary so as to exclude the disturbance from the wilderness area. 
(B) L
IMITATION ON EXCLUSION OF DISTURB -
ANCES .—The Secretary shall make a bound-
ary adjustment under subparagraph (A) only if the Secretary determines that doing so is consistent with wilderness management goals. 
(C) D
EVIATIONS RESTRICTED TO MINIMUM  
NECESSARY .—Any deviation under this para-
graph from the setbacks required under in paragraph (2) or (3) of subsection (a) shall be the minimum necessary to exclude the dis-turbance. 
(c) D
ELINEATION WITHIN SETBACK AREA.— 
The Secretary may delineate a wilderness boundary at a location within a setback under paragraph (2) or (3) of subsection (a) if, as determined by the Secretary, the delinea-tion would enhance wilderness management goals. 
SEC. 206. LIVESTOCK. 
Within the wilderness areas designated 
under title I, the grazing of livestock author-ized on the date of enactment of this Act shall be permitted to continue subject to such reasonable regulations and procedures as the Secretary considers necessary, as long as the regulations and procedures are con-sistent with— 
(1) the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et 
seq.); and 
(2) section 101(f) of the Arizona Desert Wil-
derness Act of 1990 (Public Law 101–628; 104 Stat. 4469). 
SEC. 207. FISH AND WILDLIFE. 
Nothing in this Act affects the jurisdiction 
of the State with respect to wildlife and fish on the public land located in the State. 
SEC. 208. MANAGEMENT OF NEWLY ACQUIRED 
LAND. 
Any land within the boundaries of a wil-
derness area designated under this Act that is acquired by the Federal Government shall— 
(1) become part of the wilderness area in 
which the land is located; and 
(2) be managed in accordance with this Act 
and other laws applicable to wilderness areas. 
SEC. 209. WITHDRAWAL. 
Subject to valid rights existing on the date 
of enactment of this Act, the Federal land referred to in title I is withdrawn from all forms of— 
(1) entry, appropriation, or disposal under 
public law; 
(2) location, entry, and patent under min-
ing law; and 
(3) disposition under all laws pertaining to 
mineral and geothermal leasing or mineral materials. 
By Mr. LEAHY (for himself, Mr. 
SCHUMER , Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mrs. 
SHAHEEN , and Mr. S ANDERS ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY6.028 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3068 May 19, 2015 
S. 1377. A bill to amend title 18, 
United States Code, to clarify and ex-pand Federal criminal jurisdiction over Federal contractors and employees outside the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, today, I 
reintroduce the Civilian Extraterritorial Jurisdiction Act, 
CEJA. The U.S. has huge numbers of Government employees and contrac-tors working overseas, but the legal framework governing them is unclear and outdated. To promote account-ability, Congress must make sure that our criminal laws reach serious mis-conduct by U.S. Government employ-ees and contractors wherever they act. The Civilian Extraterritorial Jurisdic-tion Act accomplishes this important and common sense goal by allowing U.S. contractors and employees work-ing overseas who commit specific crimes to be tried and sentenced under U.S. law. 
Tragic events in Iraq and Afghani-
stan highlight the need to strengthen the laws providing for jurisdiction over American government employees and contractors working abroad. In Sep-tember 2007, Blackwater security con-tractors working for the State Depart-ment shot more than 20 unarmed civil-ians on the streets of Baghdad, killing at least 14 of them, and causing a rift in our relations with the Iraqi govern-ment. Efforts to prosecute those re-sponsible for these shootings were fraught with difficulties. The Blackwater trial has now concluded, eight years after this tragedy, with one former security contractor receiving a life sentence and three others receiving sentences of 30 years for their role. The trial was significantly delayed, how-ever, as defendants argued in court that the U.S. Government did not have jurisdiction to prosecute them. 
I worked with Senator S
ESSIONS and 
others in 2000 to pass the Military Extraterritorial Jurisdiction Act, MEJA, and then, again, to amend it in 2004, so that U.S. criminal laws would extend to all members of the U.S. mili-tary, to those who accompany them, and to contractors who work with the military. That law provides criminal jurisdiction over Defense Department employees and contractors, but it does not cover people working for other Federal agencies unless they are sup-porting a Defense Department mission. Although prosecutors were able to demonstrate that the Blackwater con-tractors met this criteria, had jurisdic-tion in that tragic incident been clear from the outset, it could have pre-vented some of the problems that de-layed the case. 
Other incidents have made it all too 
clear that the Blackwater case was not an isolated incident. Private security contractors have been involved in vio-lent incidents and serious misconduct in Iraq and Afghanistan, including other shooting incidents in which civil-ians have been seriously injured or killed. MEJA does not cover many of 
the thousands of U.S. contractors and employees who are working abroad. The legislation I introduce today fills this gap. 
Ensuring criminal accountability 
will also improve our national security and protect Americans overseas. Im-portantly, in those instances where the local justice system may be less than fair, this explicit jurisdiction will also protect Americans by providing the op-
tion of prosecuting them in the United States, rather than leaving them sub-ject to potentially hostile and unpre-dictable local courts. Our allies, in-cluding those countries most essential to our counterterrorism and national security efforts, work best with us when we hold our own accountable. 
The legislation I propose today has 
been carefully crafted to ensure that the intelligence community can con-tinue its authorized activities unimpeded. This bill would also pro-vide greater protection to American victims of crime, as it would lead to more accountability for crimes com-mitted by U.S. Government contrac-tors and employees against Americans working abroad. 
This legislation provides another im-
portant benefit: It will lay the ground-work to expand U.S. preclearance oper-ations in Canada—thereby enhancing national security and facilitating com-merce and tourism with our largest trading partner. The U.S. currently stations U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection, CBP, Officers in select loca-tions in Canada to inspect passengers and cargo bound for the United States before they leave Canada. These oper-ations relieve congestion at U.S. air-ports, improve commerce, save money, and provide national security benefits. Earlier this year, Secretary Johnson was joined in Washington by Canada’s Minister of Public Safety, Steven Blaney, for the signing of a new preclearance agreement that was nego-tiated under the Beyond the Border Ac-tion Plan. That agreement sets the stage for expansion of preclearance ca-pacity for traffic in the marine, land, air and rail sectors between the United States and Canada. But one barrier in these discussions is that the United States lacks legal authority to pros-ecute U.S. officials engaged in preclearance operations if they commit crimes while stationed in Canada. CEJA would ensure that the U.S. has legal authority to hold our own offi-cials accountable if they engage in wrongdoing, and thereby help pave the way to fully implementing the ex-panded Canada preclearance agree-ment. 
In the past, legislation in this area 
has been bipartisan. I hope Senators of both parties will work together to pass this important reform. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: S. 1377 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Civilian 
Extraterritorial Jurisdiction Act of 2015’’ or the ‘‘CEJA’’. 
SEC. 2. CLARIFICATION AND EXPANSION OF FED-
ERAL JURISDICTION OVER FEDERAL CONTRACTORS AND EMPLOYEES. 
(a) E XTRATERRITORIAL JURISDICTION OVER 
FEDERAL CONTRACTORS AND EMPLOYEES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 212A of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(A) by transferring the text of section 3272 
to the end of section 3271, redesignating such text as subsection (c) of section 3271, and, in such text, as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘this chapter’’ and inserting ‘‘this section’’; 
(B) by striking the heading of section 3272; 
and 
(C) by adding after section 3271, as amend-
ed by this paragraph, the following new sec-tions: 
‘‘§ 3272. Offenses committed by Federal con-
tractors and employees outside the United States 
‘‘(a)(1) Whoever, while employed by any de-
partment or agency of the United States other than the Department of Defense or ac-companying any department or agency of the United States other than the Depart-ment of Defense, knowingly engages in con-duct (or conspires or attempts to engage in conduct) outside the United States that would constitute an offense enumerated in paragraph (3) had the conduct been engaged in within the special maritime and terri-torial jurisdiction of the United States shall be punished as provided for that offense. 
‘‘(2) A prosecution may not be commenced 
against a person under this subsection if a foreign government, in accordance with ju-risdiction recognized by the United States, has prosecuted or is prosecuting such person for the conduct constituting the offense, ex-cept upon the approval of the Attorney Gen-eral or the Deputy Attorney General (or a person acting in either such capacity), which function of approval may not be delegated. 
‘‘(3) The offenses covered by paragraph (1) 
are the following: 
‘‘(A) Any offense under chapter 5 (arson) of 
this title. 
‘‘(B) Any offense under section 111 (assault-
ing, resisting, or impeding certain officers or employees), 113 (assault within maritime and territorial jurisdiction), or 114 (maiming within maritime and territorial jurisdiction) of this title, but only if the offense is subject to a maximum sentence of imprisonment of one year or more. 
‘‘(C) Any offense under section 201 (bribery 
of public officials and witnesses) of this title. 
‘‘(D) Any offense under section 499 (mili-
tary, naval, or official passes) of this title. 
‘‘(E) Any offense under section 701 (official 
badges, identifications cards, and other in-signia), 702 (uniform of armed forces and Public Health Service), 703 (uniform of friendly nation), or 704 (military medals or decorations) of this title. 
‘‘(F) Any offense under chapter 41 (extor-
tion and threats) of this title, but only if the offense is subject to a maximum sentence of imprisonment of three years or more. 
‘‘(G) Any offense under chapter 42 (extor-
tionate credit transactions) of this title. 
‘‘(H) Any offense under section 924(c) (use 
of firearm in violent or drug trafficking crime) or 924(o) (conspiracy to violate sec-tion 924(c)) of this title. 
‘‘(I) Any offense under chapter 50A (geno-
cide) of this title. 
‘‘(J) Any offense under section 1111 (mur-
der), 1112 (manslaughter), 1113 (attempt to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY6.027 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3069 May 19, 2015 
commit murder or manslaughter), 1114 (pro-
tection of officers and employees of the United States), 1116 (murder or man-slaughter of foreign officials, official guests, or internationally protected persons), 1117 (conspiracy to commit murder), or 1119 (for-eign murder of United States nationals) of this title. 
‘‘(K) Any offense under chapter 55 (kidnap-
ping) of this title. 
‘‘(L) Any offense under section 1503 (influ-
encing or injuring officer or juror generally), 1505 (obstruction of proceedings before de-
partments, agencies, and committees), 1510 (obstruction of criminal investigations), 1512 (tampering with a witness, victim, or in-formant), or 1513 (retaliating against a wit-ness, victim, or an informant) of this title. 
‘‘(M) Any offense under section 1951 (inter-
ference with commerce by threats or vio-lence), 1952 (interstate and foreign travel or transportation in aid of racketeering enter-prises), 1956 (laundering of monetary instru-ments), 1957 (engaging in monetary trans-actions in property derived from specified unlawful activity), 1958 (use of interstate commerce facilities in the commission of murder for hire), or 1959 (violent crimes in aid of racketeering activity) of this title. 
‘‘(N) Any offense under section 2111 (rob-
bery or burglary within special maritime and territorial jurisdiction) of this title. 
‘‘(O) Any offense under chapter 109A (sex-
ual abuse) of this title. 
‘‘(P) Any offense under chapter 113B (ter-
rorism) of this title. 
‘‘(Q) Any offense under chapter 113C (tor-
ture) of this title. 
‘‘(R) Any offense under chapter 115 (trea-
son, sedition, and subversive activities) of this title. 
‘‘(S) Any offense under section 2442 (child 
soldiers) of this title. 
‘‘(T) Any offense under section 401 (manu-
facture, distribution, or possession with in-tent to distribute a controlled substance) or 408 (continuing criminal enterprise) of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 841, 848), or under section 1002 (importation of controlled substances), 1003 (exportation of controlled substances), or 1010 (import or ex-port of a controlled substance) of the Con-trolled Substances Import and Export Act (21 U.S.C. 952, 953, 960), but only if the offense is subject to a maximum sentence of imprison-ment of 20 years or more. 
‘‘(b) In addition to the jurisdiction under 
subsection (a), whoever, while employed by any department or agency of the United States other than the Department of Defense and stationed or deployed in a country out-side of the United States pursuant to a trea-ty or executive agreement in furtherance of a border security initiative with that coun-try, engages in conduct (or conspires or at-tempts to engage in conduct) outside the United States that would constitute an of-fense for which a person may be prosecuted in a court of the United States had the con-duct been engaged in within the special mar-itime and territorial jurisdiction of the United States shall be punished as provided for that offense. 
‘‘(c) In this section: 
‘‘(1) The term ‘employed by any depart-
ment or agency of the United States other than the Department of Defense’ means— 
‘‘(A) being employed as a civilian em-
ployee, a contractor (including a subcon-tractor at any tier), an employee of a con-tractor (or a subcontractor at any tier), a grantee (including a contractor of a grantee or a subgrantee or subcontractor at any tier), or an employee of a grantee (or a con-tractor of a grantee or a subgrantee or sub-contractor at any tier) of any department or agency of the United States other than the Department of Defense; ‘‘(B) being present or residing outside the 
United States in connection with such em-ployment; 
‘‘(C) not being a national of or ordinarily 
resident in the host nation; and 
‘‘(D) in the case of such a contractor, con-
tractor employee, grantee, or grantee em-ployee, that such employment supports a program, project, or activity for a depart-ment or agency of the United States. 
‘‘(2) The term ‘accompanying any depart-
ment or agency of the United States other than the Department of Defense’ means— 
‘‘(A) being a dependant, family member, or 
member of household of— 
‘‘(i) a civilian employee of any department 
or agency of the United States other than the Department of Defense; or 
‘‘(ii) a contractor (including a subcon-
tractor at any tier), an employee of a con-tractor (or a subcontractor at any tier), a grantee (including a contractor of a grantee or a subgrantee or subcontractor at any tier), or an employee of a grantee (or a con-tractor of a grantee or a subgrantee or sub-contractor at any tier) of any department or agency of the United States other than the Department of Defense, which contractor, contractor employee, grantee, or grantee employee is supporting a program, project, or activity for a department or agency of the United States other than the Department of Defense; 
‘‘(B) residing with such civilian employee, 
contractor, contractor employee, grantee, or grantee employee outside the United States; and 
‘‘(C) not being a national of or ordinarily 
resident in the host nation. 
‘‘(3) The term ‘grant agreement’ means a 
legal instrument described in section 6304 or 6305 of title 31, other than an agreement be-tween the United States and a State, local, or foreign government or an international organization. 
‘‘(4) The term ‘grantee’ means a party, 
other than the United States, to a grant agreement. 
‘‘(5) The term ‘host nation’ means the 
country outside of the United States where the employee or contractor resides, the country where the employee or contractor commits the alleged offense at issue, or both. 
‘‘§ 3273. Regulations 
‘‘The Attorney General, after consultation 
with the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of State, the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity, and the Director of National Intel-ligence, shall prescribe regulations gov-erning the investigation, apprehension, de-tention, delivery, and removal of persons de-scribed in sections 3271 and 3272 of this title.’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subpara-
graph (A) of section 3267(1) of title 18, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(A) employed as a civilian employee, a 
contractor (including a subcontractor at any tier), or an employee of a contractor (or a subcontractor at any tier) of the Department of Defense (including a nonappropriated fund instrumentality of the Department);’’. 
(b) V
ENUE .—Chapter 211 of title 18, United 
States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 3245. Optional venue for offenses involving 
Federal employees and contractors over-seas 
‘‘In addition to any venue otherwise pro-
vided in this chapter, the trial of any offense involving a violation of section 3261, 3271, or 3272 of this title may be brought— 
‘‘(1) in the district in which is 
headquartered the department or agency of the United States that employs the offender, or any 1 of 2 or more joint offenders; or ‘‘(2) in the district in which is 
headquartered the department or agency of the United States that the offender is accom-panying, or that any 1 of 2 or more joint of-fenders is accompanying.’’. 
(c) S
USPENSION OF STATUTE OF LIMITA -
TIONS .—Chapter 213 of title 18, United States 
Code, is amended by inserting after section 3287 the following new section: 
‘‘§ 3287A. Suspension of limitations for of-
fenses involving Federal employees and contractors overseas 
‘‘The statute of limitations for an offense 
under section 3272 of this title shall be sus-pended for the period during which the per-son is outside the United States or is a fugi-tive from justice within the meaning of sec-tion 3290 of this title.’’. 
(d) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) H EADING AMENDMENT .—The heading of 
chapter 212A of title 18, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘CHAPTER 212A—EXTRATERRITORIAL JU-
RISDICTION OVER OFFENSES OF CON-TRACTORS AND CIVILIAN EMPLOYEES OF THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT’’. 
(2) T
ABLES OF SECTIONS .—(A) The table of 
sections for chapter 211 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘3245. Optional venue for offenses involving 
Federal employees and contrac-tors overseas.’’. 
(B) The table of sections for chapter 212A 
of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 3272 and inserting the following new items: 
‘‘3272. Offenses committed by Federal con-
tractors and employees outside the United States. 
‘‘3273. Regulations.’’. 
(C) The table of sections for chapter 213 of 
title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 3287 the following new item: 
‘‘3287A. Suspension of limitations for of-
fenses involving Federal em-ployees and contractors over-seas.’’. 
(3) T
ABLE OF CHAPTERS .—The item relating 
to chapter 212A in the table of chapters for part II of title 18, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘212A. Extraterritorial Jurisdiction 
Over Offenses of Contractors and Civilian Employees of the Federal Government ................................. 3271’’. 
SEC. 3. INVESTIGATIVE TASK FORCES FOR CON-
TRACTOR AND EMPLOYEE OVER-SIGHT. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF INVESTIGATIVE TASK 
FORCES FOR CONTRACTOR AND EMPLOYEE  
OVERSIGHT .—The Attorney General, in con-
sultation with the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of State, the Secretary of Home-land Security, and the head of any other de-partment or agency of the Federal Govern-ment responsible for employing contractors or persons overseas, shall assign adequate 
personnel and resources, including through the creation of task forces, to investigate al-legations of criminal offenses under chapter 212A of title 18, United States Code (as amended by section 2(a) of this Act), and may authorize the overseas deployment of law enforcement agents and other employees of the Federal Government for that purpose. 
(b) R
ESPONSIBILITIES OF ATTORNEY GEN-
ERAL .— 
(1) I NVESTIGATION .—The Attorney General 
shall have principal authority for the en-forcement of this Act and the amendments made by this Act, and shall have the author-ity to initiate, conduct, and supervise inves-tigations of any alleged offense under this Act or an amendment made by this Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY6.034 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3070 May 19, 2015 
(2) L AW ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITY .—With re-
spect to violations of sections 3271 and 3272 of title 18, United States Code (as amended by section 2(a) of this Act), the Attorney General may authorize any person serving in a law enforcement position in any other de-partment or agency of the Federal Govern-ment, including a member of the Diplomatic Security Service of the Department of State or a military police officer of the Armed Forces, to exercise investigative and law en-forcement authority, including those powers that may be exercised under section 3052 of title 18, United States Code, subject to such guidelines or policies as the Attorney Gen-eral considers appropriate for the exercise of such powers. 
(3) P
ROSECUTION .—The Attorney General 
may establish such procedures the Attorney General considers appropriate to ensure that Federal law enforcement agencies refer of-fenses under section 3271 or 3272 of title 18, United States Code (as amended by section 2(a) of this Act), to the Attorney General for prosecution in a uniform and timely manner. 
(4) A
SSISTANCE ON REQUEST OF ATTORNEY  
GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any statute, 
rule, or regulation to the contrary, the At-torney General may request assistance from the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of State, or the head of any other department or agency of the Federal Government to en-force section 3271 or 3272 of title 18, United States Code (as so amended). The assistance requested may include the following: 
(A) The assignment of additional employ-
ees and resources to task forces established by the Attorney General under subsection (a). 
(B) An investigation into alleged mis-
conduct or arrest of an individual suspected of alleged misconduct by agents of the Diplo-matic Security Service of the Department of State present in the nation in which the al-leged misconduct occurs. 
(5) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter for 5 years, the Attorney General shall, in consultation with the Sec-retary of Defense, the Secretary of State, and the Secretary of Homeland Security, submit to Congress a report containing the following: 
(A) The number of prosecutions under 
chapter 212A of title 18, United States Code (as amended by section 2(a) of this Act), in-cluding the nature of the offenses and any dispositions reached, during the previous year. 
(B) The actions taken to implement sub-
section (a), including the organization and training of employees and the use of task forces, during the previous year. 
(C) Such recommendations for legislative 
or administrative action as the President considers appropriate to enforce chapter 212A of title 18, United States Code (as amended by section 2(a) of this Act), and the provisions of this section. 
(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms 
‘‘agency’’ and ‘‘department’’ have the mean-ings given such terms in section 6 of title 18, United States Code. 
(d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed to limit any authority of the Attorney General or any Federal law enforcement agency to inves-tigate violations of Federal law or deploy employees overseas. 
SEC. 4. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
(a) I MMEDIATE EFFECTIVENESS .—This Act 
and the amendments made by this Act shall take effect on the date of enactment of this Act. 
(b) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The Attorney Gen-
eral and the head of any other department or agency of the Federal Government to which this Act or an amendment made by this Act 
applies shall have 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act to ensure compliance with this Act and the amendments made by this Act. 
SEC. 5. RULES OF CONSTRUCTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Nothing in this Act or 
any amendment made by this Act shall be 
construed— 
(1) to limit or affect the application of 
extraterritorial jurisdiction related to any other Federal law; or 
(2) to limit or affect any authority or re-
sponsibility of a Chief of Mission as provided in section 207 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 3927). 
(b) I
NTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES .—Nothing in 
this Act or any amendment made by this Act shall apply to the authorized intelligence ac-tivities of the United States Government. 
SEC. 6. FUNDING. 
If any amounts are appropriated to carry 
out this Act or an amendment made by this Act, the amounts shall be from amounts which would have otherwise been made available or appropriated to the Department of Justice. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 180—URGING 
ADDITIONAL SANCTIONS AGAINST THE DEMOCRATIC PEO-PLE’S REPUBLIC OF KOREA, AND FOR OTHER PURPOSES 
Mr. GARDNER submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions: 
S. R ES. 180 
Whereas the Democratic People’s Republic 
of Korea (DPRK) tested nuclear weapons on three separate occasions, in October 2006, in May 2009, and in February 2013; 
Whereas nuclear experts have reported 
that the DPRK may currently have as many as 20 nuclear warheads and has the potential to possess as many as 100 warheads within the next 5 years; 
Whereas, according to the 2014 Department 
of Defense (DoD) report, ‘‘Military and Secu-rity Developments Involving the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea’’, the DPRK has proliferated nuclear technology to Libya via the proliferation network of Pakistani sci-entist A.Q. Khan; 
Whereas, according to the 2014 DoD report, 
‘‘North Korea also provided Syria with nu-clear reactor technology until 2007.’’; 
Whereas, on September 6, 2007, as part of 
‘‘Operation Orchard’’, the Israeli Air Force destroyed the suspected nuclear facility in Syria; 
Whereas, according to the 2014 DoD report, 
‘‘North Korea has exported conventional and ballistic missile-related equipment, compo-nents, materials, and technical assistance to countries in Africa, Asia, and the Middle East.’’; 
Whereas, on November 29, 1987, DPRK 
agents planted explosive devices onboard Ko-rean Air flight 858, which killed all 115 pas-sengers and crew on board; 
Whereas, on March 26, 2010, the DPRK fired 
upon and sank the South Korean warship Cheonan, killing 46 of her crew; 
Whereas, on November 23, 2010, the DPRK 
shelled South Korea’s Yeonpyeong Island, killing 4 South Korean citizens; 
Whereas, on February 7, 2014, the United 
Nations ‘‘Commission of Inquiry on human rights in DPRK (‘Commission of Inquiry’)’’ released a report detailing the atrocious human rights record of the DPRK; Whereas Dr. Michael Kirby, Chair of the 
Commission, stated on March 17, 2014, ‘‘The Commission of Inquiry has found systematic, widespread, and grave human rights viola-tions occurring in the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea. It has also found a dis-turbing array of crimes against humanity. These crimes are committed against inmates of political and other prison camps; against starving populations; against religious be-lievers; against persons who try to flee the country—including those forcibly repatri-ated by China.’’; 
Whereas Dr. Michael Kirby also stated, 
‘‘These crimes arise from policies established at the highest level of the State. They have been committed, and continue to take place in the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, because the policies, institutions, and patterns of impunity that lie at their heart remain in place. The gravity, scale, duration, and nature of the unspeakable atrocities committed in the country reveal a totali-tarian State that does not have any parallel in the contemporary world.’’; 
Whereas the Commission of Inquiry also 
notes, ‘‘Since 1950, the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea has engaged in the sys-tematic abduction, denial of repatriation, and subsequent enforced disappearance of persons from other countries on a large scale and as a matter of State policy. Well over 200,000 persons, including children, who were brought from other countries to the Demo-cratic People’s Republic of Korea may have become victims of enforced disappearance,’’ and states that the DPRK has failed to ac-count or address this injustice in any way; 
Whereas, according to reports and analysis 
from organizations such as the International Network for the Human Rights of North Ko-rean Overseas Labor, the Korea Policy Re-search Center, NK Watch, the Asan Institute for Policy Studies, the Center for Inter-national and Strategic Studies (CSIS), and the George W. Bush Institute, there may cur-rently be as many as 100,000 North Korean overseas laborers in various nations around the world; 
Whereas these forced North Korean labor-
ers are often subjected to harsh working con-ditions under the direct supervision of DPRK officials, and their salaries contribute to anywhere from $150,000,000 to $230,000,000 a year to the DPRK state coffers; 
Whereas, according to the Director of Na-
tional Intelligence’s (DNI) 2015 Worldwide Threat Assessment, ‘‘North Korea’s nuclear weapons and missile programs pose a serious threat to the United States and to the secu-rity environment in East Asia.’’; 
Whereas the 2015 DNI report states, ‘‘North 
Korea has also expanded the size and sophis-tication of its ballistic missile forces, rang-ing from close-range ballistic missiles to ICBMs, while continuing to conduct test launches. In 2014, North Korea launched an unprecedented number of ballistic missiles.’’; 
Whereas, on December 19, 2015, the Federal 
Bureau of Investigation (FBI) declared that the DPRK was responsible for a cyberattack on Sony Pictures conducted on November 24, 2014; 
Whereas, from 1998 to 2008, the DPRK was 
designated by the United States Government as a state sponsor of terrorism; 
Whereas the DPRK is currently in viola-
tion of United Nations Security Council Res-olutions 1695 (2006), 1718 (2006), 1874 (2009), 2087 (2013), and 2094 (2013); 
Whereas the DPRK repeatedly violated 
agreements with the United States and the other so-called Six-Party Talks partners (the Republic of Korea, Japan, the Russian Fed-eration, and the People’s Republic of China) designed to halt its nuclear weapons pro-gram, while receiving significant conces-sions, including fuel, oil, and food aid; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY6.034 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3071 May 19, 2015 
Whereas the Six Party talks have not been 
held since December 2008; and 
Whereas, on May 9, 2015, the DPRK claimed 
that it has test-fired a ballistic missile from a submarine: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) finds that the DPRK represents a seri-
ous threat to the national security of the United States and United States allies in East Asia and to international peace and sta-bility, and grossly violates the human rights of its own people; 
(2) urges the Secretary of State and the 
Secretary of the Treasury to impose addi-tional sanctions against the DPRK, includ-ing targeting its financial assets around the world, specific designations relating to human rights abuses, and a redesignation of the DPRK as a state sponsor of terror; and 
(3) warns the President against resuming 
the negotiations with the DPRK, either bi-laterally or as part of the Six Party talks, without strict pre-conditions, including that the DPRK— 
(A) adhere to its denuclearization commit-
ments outlined in the 2005 Joint Statement of the Six-Party talks; 
(B) commit to halting its ballistic missile 
programs and its proliferation activities; 
(C) cease military provocations; and (D) measurably and significantly improve 
its human rights record. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 181—DESIG-
NATING MAY 19, 2015, AS ‘‘NA-TIONAL SCHIZENCEPHALY AWARENESS DAY’’ 
Mr. HOEVEN (for himself and Ms. 
H
EITKAMP ) submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 181 
Whereas schizencephaly is an extremely 
rare developmental birth defect character-ized by abnormal slits, or clefts, in the brain; 
Whereas individuals with bilateral 
schizencephaly, the more severe case, com-monly have developmental delays, delays in speech and language skills, problems with brain-spinal cord communication, limited mobility, and shorter lifespans; 
Whereas schizencephaly is the second rar-
est brain malformation, and only approxi-mately 7,000 cases have ever been reported; 
Whereas promoting education and increas-
ing awareness among health professionals and families will lead to early intervention and treatment options for individuals with schizencephaly; and 
Whereas continued Federal support for 
medical research will help identify causes, improve diagnostics, and develop promising treatments for schizencephaly: Now, there-fore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate designates May 
19, 2015, as ‘‘National Schizencephaly Aware-ness Day’’. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 182—EX-
PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE THAT DEFENSE LAB-ORATORIES HAVE BEEN, AND CONTINUE TO BE, ON THE CUT-TING EDGE OF SCIENTIFIC AND TECHNOLOGICAL ADVANCEMENT AND SUPPORTING THE DESIGNA-TION OF MAY 14, 2015, AS THE ‘‘DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE LABORATORY DAY’’ 
Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mr. R
EEDof 
Rhode Island, Mr. D URBIN , Mr. K IRK, 
Mr. H EINRICH , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. U DALL , Mr. D ONNELLY , and Mr. S CHUMER ) sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 182 
Whereas a Defense laboratory is defined as 
any laboratory, Department of Defense-fund-ed research and development center, or engi-neering center that is owned by a military service and funded by the Federal Govern-ment; 
Whereas Defense laboratories should be 
commended for the unique role the labora-tories have played in numerous innovations and advances in the areas of defense and na-tional security; 
Whereas technological progress is respon-
sible for up to half the growth of the United States economy and is the principal driving force behind long-term economic growth and increases in the standard of living in the United States; 
Whereas defense-supported research and 
development has led to new products and processes for state-of-the-art military weap-ons and technology, as well as for the public good; 
Whereas Defense laboratories frequently 
partner with State and local governments and regional organizations to transfer tech-nology to the private sector; 
Whereas Defense laboratories are at the 
forefront of cutting-edge science and tech-nology, earning prestigious national and international awards for research and tech-nology transfer efforts; 
Whereas the innovations produced at the 
Defense laboratories of the United States fuel economic growth by creating new indus-
tries, companies, and jobs; 
Whereas the work of the Defense labora-
tories is essential to the continued pros-perity of the United States; and 
Whereas May 14, 2015, would be an appro-
priate day to designate as the ‘‘Department of Defense Laboratory Day’’: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) supports the designation of May 14, 2015, 
as the ‘‘Department of Defense Laboratory Day’’ in recognition of the work and accom-plishments of the national network of De-fense laboratories; 
(2) recognizes that supporting research and 
development, including federally sponsored work performed at the Defense laboratories, is key to maintaining United States innova-tion and competitiveness in a global econ-omy; 
(3) acknowledges that the knowledge base, 
technologies, and techniques generated in the Defense laboratory system serve as a foundation for the defense industrial base; 
(4) reaffirms the importance of robust in-
vestment in Defense laboratories to pre-serving the technological superiority of the Armed Forces in the 21st century; and 
(5) encourages the Defense laboratories, 
the executive branch agencies, and Congress to hold an outreach event on May 14, 2015, ‘‘Department of Defense Laboratory Day’’, to raise public awareness of the work of the Defense laboratories. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 1366. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determinations of tax-exempt status of cer-tain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1367. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1368. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1369. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1370. Mr. MERKLEY (for himself, Mr. 
S
CHATZ , Ms. B ALDWIN , and Mr. B ROWN ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was 
ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1371. Mrs. BOXER submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1372. Mrs. BOXER submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1373. Mrs. BOXER submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1374. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1375. Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself 
and Mr. B
ROWN ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1376. Ms. CANTWELL submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1377. Ms. CANTWELL submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1378. Ms. STABENOW (for herself and 
Mr. B
ROWN ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1379. Ms. STABENOW submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1380. Ms. STABENOW (for herself and 
Mr. B
ROWN ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1381. Ms. STABENOW submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1382. Ms. STABENOW submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1383. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1384. Mr. HATCH (for Mr. C
RUZ (for 
himself, Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mr. 
COTTON , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. B OOZMAN , and Mr. 
INHOFE )) submitted an amendment intended 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:12 Feb 12, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\MAY 15\S19MY5.REC S19MY5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3072 May 19, 2015 
to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 pro-
posed by Mr. H ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1385. Mr. HATCH (for himself, Mr. 
WYDEN , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. A LEX-
ANDER , Mr. C ORKER , Mr. W ARNER , Mrs. 
MCCASKILL , Mr. B ENNET , and Mr. K AINE) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was 
ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1386. Mr. FRANKEN (for himself and 
Ms. S TABENOW ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1387. Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for himself 
and Ms. M URKOWSKI ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1388. Ms. WARREN (for herself, Ms. 
B
ALDWIN , and Mr. S ANDERS ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1389. Mr. SANDERS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1390. Mr. FRANKEN (for himself, Mr. 
B
ROWN , and Ms. B ALDWIN ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1391. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1392. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1393. Mr. FLAKE (for himself, Mr. 
M
CCAIN, Mr. S CHUMER , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. 
TILLIS , Mr. V ITTER , and Mr. T OOMEY ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314 , supra; which was 
ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1394. Mr. LANKFORD submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1395. Mr. DAINES submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1396. Mr. COONS (for himself and Ms. 
A
YOTTE ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 pro-posed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, 
supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1397. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1398. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1399. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1400. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1401. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1402. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1403. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1404. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1405. Mr. DONNELLY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1406. Mr. DONNELLY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1407. Mr. DONNELLY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1408. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill 
H.R. 1314, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 1409. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1410. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH  
to the bill H.R. 1314, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
SA 1411. Mr. HATCH proposed an amend-
ment to the bill H.R. 1314, supra. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 1366. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In section 103(b), strike paragraph (2) and 
insert the following: 
(2) C ONDITIONS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—A trade agreement may 
be entered into under this subsection only if such agreement makes progress in meeting the applicable objectives described in sub-sections (a) and (b) of section 102 and the President satisfies the conditions set forth in sections 104 and 105. 
(B) P
ROHIBITION ON CERTAIN AGREEMENTS .— 
A trade agreement may not be entered into under this subsection if such agreement could subject policies of the United States Government or any State or local govern-ment in the United States to claims by for-eign investors that would be decided outside the United States legal system. SA 1367. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In section 103(b), strike paragraph (2) and 
insert the following: 
(2) C ONDITIONS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—A trade agreement may 
be entered into under this subsection only if such agreement makes progress in meeting the applicable objectives described in sub-sections (a) and (b) of section 102 and the President satisfies the conditions set forth in sections 104 and 105. 
(B) P
ROHIBITION ON CERTAIN AGREEMENTS .— 
A trade agreement may not be entered into under this subsection if such agreement could subject policies of State or local gov-ernments in the United States to claims by foreign investors that would be decided out-side the United States legal system. 
SA 1368. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In section 103(b), strike paragraph (2) and 
insert the following: 
(2) C ONDITIONS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—A trade agreement may 
be entered into under this subsection only if such agreement makes progress in meeting the applicable objectives described in sub-sections (a) and (b) of section 102 and the President satisfies the conditions set forth in sections 104 and 105. 
(B) P
ROTECTION OF THE ENVIRONMENT , PUB-
LIC HEALTH , AND CONSUMERS .—A trade agree-
ment may be entered into under this sub-section only if such agreement exempts poli-cies for protecting the environment, public health, and consumers from any investor- state dispute settlement provisions included in the agreement. 
SA 1369. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 44, line 6, strike ‘‘makes progress 
in meeting’’ and insert ‘‘achieves’’. 
On page 88, line 10, strike ‘‘makes progress 
in achieving’’ and insert ‘‘achieves’’. 
On page 88, lines 15 through 17, strike ‘‘and 
to what extent the agreement makes progress in achieving’’ and insert ‘‘the agree-ment achieves’’. 
On page 92, line 24, strike ‘‘make progress 
in achieving’’ and insert ‘‘achieve’’. 
SA 1370. Mr. MERKLEY (for himself, 
Mr. S CHATZ , Ms. B ALDWIN , and Mr. 
BROWN ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:28 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY6.038 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3073 May 19, 2015 
bill H.R. 1314, to amend the Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relat-ing to adverse determinations of tax- exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 44, strike line 4, and all 
that follows through page 93, line 2, and in-sert the following: 
(2) C
ONDITIONS .—A trade agreement may be 
entered into under this subsection only if such agreement achieves the applicable ob-jectives described in subsections (a) and (b) of section 102 and the President satisfies the conditions set forth in sections 104 and 105. 
(3) B
ILLS QUALIFYING FOR TRADE AUTHORI -
TIES PROCEDURES .—(A) The provisions of sec-
tion 151 of the Trade Act of 1974 (in this title referred to as ‘‘trade authorities proce-dures’’) apply to a bill of either House of Congress which contains provisions described in subparagraph (B) to the same extent as such section 151 applies to implementing bills under that section. A bill to which this paragraph applies shall hereafter in this title be referred to as an ‘‘implementing bill’’. 
(B) The provisions referred to in subpara-
graph (A) are— 
(i) a provision approving a trade agreement 
entered into under this subsection and ap-proving the statement of administrative ac-tion, if any, proposed to implement such trade agreement; and 
(ii) if changes in existing laws or new stat-
utory authority are required to implement such trade agreement or agreements, only such provisions as are strictly necessary or appropriate to implement such trade agree-ment or agreements, either repealing or amending existing laws or providing new statutory authority. 
(c) E
XTENSION DISAPPROVAL PROCESS FOR  
CONGRESSIONAL TRADE AUTHORITIES PROCE -
DURES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sec-
tion 106(b)— 
(A) the trade authorities procedures apply 
to implementing bills submitted with re-spect to trade agreements entered into under subsection (b) before July 1, 2018; and 
(B) the trade authorities procedures shall 
be extended to implementing bills submitted with respect to trade agreements entered into under subsection (b) after June 30, 2018, and before July 1, 2021, if (and only if)— 
(i) the President requests such extension 
under paragraph (2); and 
(ii) neither House of Congress adopts an ex-
tension disapproval resolution under para-graph (5) before July 1, 2018. 
(2) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS BY THE PRESI -
DENT .—If the President is of the opinion that 
the trade authorities procedures should be extended to implementing bills described in paragraph (1)(B), the President shall submit to Congress, not later than April 1, 2018, a written report that contains a request for such extension, together with— 
(A) a description of all trade agreements 
that have been negotiated under subsection (b) and the anticipated schedule for submit-ting such agreements to Congress for ap-proval; 
(B) a description of the progress that has 
been made in negotiations to achieve the purposes, policies, priorities, and objectives of this title, and a statement that such progress justifies the continuation of nego-tiations; and 
(C) a statement of the reasons why the ex-
tension is needed to complete the negotia-tions. 
(3) O
THER REPORTS TO CONGRESS .— 
(A) R EPORT BY THE ADVISORY COMMITTEE .— 
The President shall promptly inform the Ad-visory Committee for Trade Policy and Ne-gotiations established under section 135 of 
the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2155) of the decision of the President to submit a report to Congress under paragraph (2). The Advi-sory Committee shall submit to Congress as soon as practicable, but not later than June 1, 2018, a written report that contains— 
(i) its views regarding the progress that 
has been made in negotiations to achieve the purposes, policies, priorities, and objectives of this title; and 
(ii) a statement of its views, and the rea-
sons therefor, regarding whether the exten-sion requested under paragraph (2) should be approved or disapproved. 
(B) R
EPORT BY INTERNATIONAL TRADE COM -
MISSION .—The President shall promptly in-
form the United States International Trade Commission of the decision of the President to submit a report to Congress under para-graph (2). The International Trade Commis-sion shall submit to Congress as soon as practicable, but not later than June 1, 2018, a written report that contains a review and analysis of the economic impact on the United States of all trade agreements imple-mented between the date of the enactment of this Act and the date on which the President decides to seek an extension requested under paragraph (2). 
(4) S
TATUS OF REPORTS .—The reports sub-
mitted to Congress under paragraphs (2) and (3), or any portion of such reports, may be classified to the extent the President deter-mines appropriate. 
(5) E
XTENSION DISAPPROVAL RESOLUTIONS .— 
(A) For purposes of paragraph (1), the term ‘‘extension disapproval resolution’’ means a resolution of either House of Congress, the sole matter after the resolving clause of which is as follows: ‘‘That the llll dis-
approves the request of the President for the extension, under section 103(c)(1)(B)(i) of the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015, of the trade authorities procedures under that Act to any implementing bill submitted with respect to any trade agreement entered into under sec-tion 103(b) of that Act after June 30, 2018.’’, with the blank space being filled with the name of the resolving House of Congress. 
(B) Extension disapproval resolutions— (i) may be introduced in either House of 
Congress by any member of such House; and 
(ii) shall be referred, in the House of Rep-
resentatives, to the Committee on Ways and Means and, in addition, to the Committee on Rules. 
(C) The provisions of subsections (d) and (e) 
of section 152 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2192) (relating to the floor consider-ation of certain resolutions in the House and Senate) apply to extension disapproval reso-lutions. 
(D) It is not in order for— (i) the House of Representatives to con-
sider any extension disapproval resolution not reported by the Committee on Ways and Means and, in addition, by the Committee on Rules; 
(ii) the Senate to consider any extension 
disapproval resolution not reported by the Committee on Finance; or 
(iii) either House of Congress to consider 
an extension disapproval resolution after June 30, 2018. 
(d) C
OMMENCEMENT OF NEGOTIATIONS .—In 
order to contribute to the continued eco-nomic expansion of the United States, the President shall commence negotiations cov-ering tariff and nontariff barriers affecting any industry, product, or service sector, and expand existing sectoral agreements to coun-tries that are not parties to those agree-ments, in cases where the President deter-mines that such negotiations are feasible and timely and would benefit the United States. Such sectors include agriculture, commercial services, intellectual property 
rights, industrial and capital goods, govern-ment procurement, information technology products, environmental technology and services, medical equipment and services, civil aircraft, and infrastructure products. In so doing, the President shall take into ac-count all of the negotiating objectives set forth in section 102. 
SEC. 104. CONGRESSIONAL OVERSIGHT, CON-
SULTATIONS, AND ACCESS TO IN-FORMATION. 
(a) C ONSULTATIONS WITHMEMBERS OF CON-
GRESS .— 
(1) C ONSULTATIONS DURING NEGOTIATIONS .— 
In the course of negotiations conducted under this title, the United States Trade Representative shall— 
(A) meet upon request with any Member of 
Congress regarding negotiating objectives, the status of negotiations in progress, and the nature of any changes in the laws of the United States or the administration of those laws that may be recommended to Congress to carry out any trade agreement or any re-quirement of, amendment to, or rec-ommendation under, that agreement; 
(B) upon request of any Member of Con-
gress, provide access to pertinent documents relating to the negotiations, including clas-sified materials; 
(C) consult closely and on a timely basis 
with, and keep fully apprised of the negotia-tions, the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Finance of the Senate; 
(D) consult closely and on a timely basis 
with, and keep fully apprised of the negotia-tions, the House Advisory Group on Negotia-tions and the Senate Advisory Group on Ne-gotiations convened under subsection (c) and all committees of the House of Representa-tives and the Senate with jurisdiction over laws that could be affected by a trade agree-ment resulting from the negotiations; and 
(E) with regard to any negotiations and 
agreement relating to agricultural trade, also consult closely and on a timely basis (including immediately before initialing an agreement) with, and keep fully apprised of the negotiations, the Committee on Agri-culture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate. 
(2) C
ONSULTATIONS PRIOR TO ENTRY INTO  
FORCE .—Prior to exchanging notes providing 
for the entry into force of a trade agreement, the United States Trade Representative shall consult closely and on a timely basis with Members of Congress and committees as specified in paragraph (1), and keep them fully apprised of the measures a trading partner has taken to comply with those pro-visions of the agreement that are to take ef-fect on the date that the agreement enters into force. 
(3) E
NHANCED COORDINATION WITH CON -
GRESS .— 
(A) W RITTEN GUIDELINES .—The United 
States Trade Representative, in consultation with the chairmen and the ranking members of the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate, respectively— 
(i) shall, not later than 120 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, develop written guidelines on enhanced coordination with Congress, including coordination with designated congressional advisers under sub-section (b), regarding negotiations conducted under this title; and 
(ii) may make such revisions to the guide-
lines as may be necessary from time to time. 
(B) C
ONTENT OF GUIDELINES .—The guide-
lines developed under subparagraph (A) shall enhance coordination with Congress through procedures to ensure— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:28 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY6.046 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3074 May 19, 2015 
(i) timely briefings upon request of any 
Member of Congress regarding negotiating objectives, the status of negotiations in progress conducted under this title, and the nature of any changes in the laws of the United States or the administration of those laws that may be recommended to Congress to carry out any trade agreement or any re-quirement of, amendment to, or rec-ommendation under, that agreement; and 
(ii) the sharing of detailed and timely in-
formation with Members of Congress, and their staff with proper security clearances as appropriate, regarding those negotiations and pertinent documents related to those ne-gotiations (including classified information), and with committee staff with proper secu-rity clearances as would be appropriate in the light of the responsibilities of that com-mittee over the trade agreements programs affected by those negotiations. 
(C) D
ISSEMINATION .—The United States 
Trade Representative shall disseminate the guidelines developed under subparagraph (A) to all Federal agencies that could have juris-diction over laws affected by trade negotia-tions. 
(b) D
ESIGNATED CONGRESSIONAL ADVIS-
ERS.— 
(1) D ESIGNATION .— 
(A) H OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES .—In each 
Congress, any Member of the House of Rep-resentatives may be designated as a congres-sional adviser on trade policy and negotia-tions by the Speaker of the House of Rep-resentatives, after consulting with the chair-man and ranking member of the Committee on Ways and Means and the chairman and ranking member of the committee from which the Member will be selected. 
(B) S
ENATE .—In each Congress, any Mem-
ber of the Senate may be designated as a congressional adviser on trade policy and ne-gotiations by the President pro tempore of the Senate, after consultation with the chairman and ranking member of the Com-mittee on Finance and the chairman and ranking member of the committee from which the Member will be selected. 
(2) C
ONSULTATIONS WITH DESIGNATED CON -
GRESSIONAL ADVISERS .—In the course of nego-
tiations conducted under this title, the United States Trade Representative shall consult closely and on a timely basis (includ-ing immediately before initialing an agree-ment) with, and keep fully apprised of the negotiations, the congressional advisers for trade policy and negotiations designated under paragraph (1). 
(3) A
CCREDITATION .—Each Member of Con-
gress designated as a congressional adviser under paragraph (1) shall be accredited by the United States Trade Representative on behalf of the President as an official adviser to the United States delegations to inter-national conferences, meetings, and negoti-ating sessions relating to trade agreements. 
(c) C
ONGRESSIONAL ADVISORY GROUPS ON  
NEGOTIATIONS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—By not later than 60 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, and not later than 30 days after the con-vening of each Congress, the chairman of the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives shall convene the House Advisory Group on Negotiations and the chairman of the Committee on Finance of the Senate shall convene the Senate Advi-sory Group on Negotiations (in this sub-section referred to collectively as the ‘‘con-gressional advisory groups’’). 
(2) M
EMBERS AND FUNCTIONS .— 
(A) M EMBERSHIP OF THE HOUSE ADVISORY  
GROUP ON NEGOTIATIONS .—In each Congress, 
the House Advisory Group on Negotiations shall be comprised of the following Members of the House of Representatives: (i) The chairman and ranking member of 
the Committee on Ways and Means, and 3 ad-ditional members of such Committee (not more than 2 of whom are members of the same political party). 
(ii) The chairman and ranking member, or 
their designees, of the committees of the House of Representatives that would have, under the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, jurisdiction over provisions of law af-fected by a trade agreement negotiation con-ducted at any time during that Congress and to which this title would apply. 
(B) M
EMBERSHIP OF THE SENATE ADVISORY  
GROUP ON NEGOTIATIONS .—In each Congress, 
the Senate Advisory Group on Negotiations shall be comprised of the following Members of the Senate: 
(i) The chairman and ranking member of 
the Committee on Finance and 3 additional members of such Committee (not more than 2 of whom are members of the same political party). 
(ii) The chairman and ranking member, or 
their designees, of the committees of the Senate that would have, under the Rules of the Senate, jurisdiction over provisions of law affected by a trade agreement negotia-tion conducted at any time during that Con-gress and to which this title would apply. 
(C) A
CCREDITATION .—Each member of the 
congressional advisory groups described in subparagraphs (A)(i) and (B)(i) shall be ac-credited by the United States Trade Rep-resentative on behalf of the President as an official adviser to the United States delega-tion in negotiations for any trade agreement to which this title applies. Each member of the congressional advisory groups described in subparagraphs (A)(ii) and (B)(ii) shall be accredited by the United States Trade Rep-resentative on behalf of the President as an official adviser to the United States delega-tion in the negotiations by reason of which the member is in one of the congressional ad-visory groups. 
(D) C
ONSULTATION AND ADVICE .—The con-
gressional advisory groups shall consult with and provide advice to the Trade Representa-tive regarding the formulation of specific ob-jectives, negotiating strategies and posi-tions, the development of the applicable trade agreement, and compliance and en-forcement of the negotiated commitments under the trade agreement. 
(E) C
HAIR.—The House Advisory Group on 
Negotiations shall be chaired by the Chair-man of the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Senate Advisory Group on Negotiations shall be chaired by the Chairman of the Committee 
on Finance of the Senate. 
(F) C
OORDINATION WITH OTHER COMMIT -
TEES.—Members of any committee rep-
resented on one of the congressional advi-sory groups may submit comments to the member of the appropriate congressional ad-visory group from that committee regarding any matter related to a negotiation for any trade agreement to which this title applies. 
(3) G
UIDELINES .— 
(A) P URPOSE AND REVISION .—The United 
States Trade Representative, in consultation with the chairmen and the ranking members of the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate, respectively— 
(i) shall, not later than 120 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, develop written guidelines to facilitate the useful and timely exchange of information between the Trade Representative and the congres-sional advisory groups; and 
(ii) may make such revisions to the guide-
lines as may be necessary from time to time. 
(B) C
ONTENT .—The guidelines developed 
under subparagraph (A) shall provide for, among other things— (i) detailed briefings on a fixed timetable 
to be specified in the guidelines of the con-gressional advisory groups regarding negoti-ating objectives and positions and the status of the applicable negotiations, beginning as soon as practicable after the congressional advisory groups are convened, with more fre-quent briefings as trade negotiations enter the final stage; 
(ii) access by members of the congressional 
advisory groups, and staff with proper secu-rity clearances, to pertinent documents re-lating to the negotiations, including classi-fied materials; 
(iii) the closest practicable coordination 
between the Trade Representative and the congressional advisory groups at all critical periods during the negotiations, including at negotiation sites; 
(iv) after the applicable trade agreement is 
concluded, consultation regarding ongoing compliance and enforcement of negotiated commitments under the trade agreement; and 
(v) the timeframe for submitting the re-
port required under section 105(d)(3). 
(4) R
EQUEST FOR MEETING .—Upon the re-
quest of a majority of either of the congres-sional advisory groups, the President shall meet with that congressional advisory group before initiating negotiations with respect to a trade agreement, or at any other time con-cerning the negotiations. 
(d) C
ONSULTATIONS WITH THE PUBLIC .— 
(1) G UIDELINES FOR PUBLIC ENGAGEMENT .— 
The United States Trade Representative, in consultation with the chairmen and the ranking members of the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Sen-ate, respectively— 
(A) shall, not later than 120 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, develop written guidelines on public access to infor-mation regarding negotiations conducted under this title; and 
(B) may make such revisions to the guide-
lines as may be necessary from time to time. 
(2) P
URPOSES .—The guidelines developed 
under paragraph (1) shall— 
(A) facilitate transparency; (B) encourage public participation; and (C) promote collaboration in the negotia-
tion process. 
(3) C
ONTENT .—The guidelines developed 
under paragraph (1) shall include procedures that— 
(A) provide for rapid disclosure of informa-
tion in forms that the public can readily find and use; and 
(B) provide frequent opportunities for pub-
lic input through Federal Register requests for comment and other means. 
(4) D
ISSEMINATION .—The United States 
Trade Representative shall disseminate the guidelines developed under paragraph (1) to all Federal agencies that could have jurisdic-tion over laws affected by trade negotia-tions. 
(e) C
ONSULTATIONS WITHADVISORY COMMIT -
TEES.— 
(1) G UIDELINES FOR ENGAGEMENT WITH ADVI -
SORY COMMITTEES .—The United States Trade 
Representative, in consultation with the chairmen and the ranking members of the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Fi-nance of the Senate, respectively— 
(A) shall, not later than 120 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, develop written guidelines on enhanced coordination with advisory committees established pursu-ant to section 135 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2155) regarding negotiations con-ducted under this title; and 
(B) may make such revisions to the guide-
lines as may be necessary from time to time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:28 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY6.046 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3075 May 19, 2015 
(2) C ONTENT .—The guidelines developed 
under paragraph (1) shall enhance coordina-tion with advisory committees described in that paragraph through procedures to en-sure— 
(A) timely briefings of advisory commit-
tees and regular opportunities for advisory committees to provide input throughout the negotiation process on matters relevant to the sectors or functional areas represented by those committees; and 
(B) the sharing of detailed and timely in-
formation with each member of an advisory committee regarding negotiations and perti-nent documents related to the negotiation 
(including classified information) on matters relevant to the sectors or functional areas the member represents, and with a designee with proper security clearances of each such member as appropriate. 
(3) D
ISSEMINATION .—The United States 
Trade Representative shall disseminate the guidelines developed under paragraph (1) to all Federal agencies that could have jurisdic-tion over laws affected by trade negotia-tions. 
(f) E
STABLISHMENT OF POSITION OF CHIEF 
TRANSPARENCY OFFICER IN THE OFFICE OF THE  
UNITED STATES TRADE REPRESENTATIVE .— 
Section 141(b) of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2171(b)) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
graph (4); and 
(2) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(3) There shall be in the Office one Chief 
Transparency Officer. The Chief Trans-parency Officer shall consult with Congress on transparency policy, coordinate trans-parency in trade negotiations, engage and assist the public, and advise the United States Trade Representative on trans-parency policy.’’. 
SEC. 105. NOTICE, CONSULTATIONS, AND RE-
PORTS. 
(a) N OTICE , CONSULTATIONS , AND REPORTS  
BEFORE NEGOTIATION .— 
(1) N OTICE .—The President, with respect to 
any agreement that is subject to the provi-sions of section 103(b), shall— 
(A) provide, at least 90 calendar days be-
fore initiating negotiations with a country, written notice to Congress of the President’s intention to enter into the negotiations with that country and set forth in the notice the date on which the President intends to ini-tiate those negotiations, the specific United States objectives for the negotiations with that country, and whether the President in-tends to seek an agreement, or changes to an existing agreement; 
(B) before and after submission of the no-
tice, consult regarding the negotiations with the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate, such other com-mittees of the House and Senate as the President deems appropriate, and the House Advisory Group on Negotiations and the Senate Advisory Group on Negotiations con-vened under section 104(c); 
(C) upon the request of a majority of the 
members of either the House Advisory Group on Negotiations or the Senate Advisory Group on Negotiations convened under sec-tion 104(c), meet with the requesting con-gressional advisory group before initiating the negotiations or at any other time con-cerning the negotiations; and 
(D) after consulting with the Committee 
on Ways and Means and the Committee on Finance, and at least 30 calendar days before initiating negotiations with a country, pub-lish on a publicly available Internet website of the Office of the United States Trade Rep-resentative, and regularly update thereafter, a detailed and comprehensive summary of the specific objectives with respect to the negotiations, and a description of how the 
agreement, if successfully concluded, will further those objectives and benefit the United States. 
(2) N
EGOTIATIONS REGARDING AGRI -
CULTURE .— 
(A) A SSESSMENT AND CONSULTATIONS FOL -
LOWING ASSESSMENT .—Before initiating or 
continuing negotiations the subject matter of which is directly related to the subject matter under section 102(b)(3)(B) with any country, the President shall— 
(i) assess whether United States tariffs on 
agricultural products that were bound under the Uruguay Round Agreements are lower than the tariffs bound by that country; 
(ii) consider whether the tariff levels 
bound and applied throughout the world with respect to imports from the United States are higher than United States tariffs and whether the negotiation provides an oppor-tunity to address any such disparity; and 
(iii) consult with the Committee on Ways 
and Means and the Committee on Agri-culture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance and the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry of the Senate concerning the results of the assessment, whether it is appropriate for the United States to agree to further tariff reductions based on the conclusions reached in the assessment, and how all applicable ne-gotiating objectives will be met. 
(B) S
PECIAL CONSULTATIONS ON IMPORT SEN -
SITIVE PRODUCTS .—(i) Before initiating nego-
tiations with regard to agriculture and, with respect to agreements described in para-graphs (2) and (3) of section 107(a), as soon as practicable after the date of the enactment of this Act, the United States Trade Rep-resentative shall— 
(I) identify those agricultural products 
subject to tariff rate quotas on the date of enactment of this Act, and agricultural prod-ucts subject to tariff reductions by the United States as a result of the Uruguay Round Agreements, for which the rate of duty was reduced on January 1, 1995, to a rate which was not less than 97.5 percent of the rate of duty that applied to such article on December 31, 1994; 
(II) consult with the Committee on Ways 
and Means and the Committee on Agri-culture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance and the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry of the Senate concerning— 
(aa) whether any further tariff reductions 
on the products identified under subclause (I) should be appropriate, taking into account the impact of any such tariff reduction on 
the United States industry producing the product concerned; 
(bb) whether the products so identified face 
unjustified sanitary or phytosanitary re-strictions, including those not based on sci-entific principles in contravention of the Uruguay Round Agreements; and 
(cc) whether the countries participating in 
the negotiations maintain export subsidies or other programs, policies, or practices that distort world trade in such products and the impact of such programs, policies, and prac-tices on United States producers of the prod-ucts; 
(III) request that the International Trade 
Commission prepare an assessment of the probable economic effects of any such tariff reduction on the United States industry pro-ducing the product concerned and on the United States economy as a whole; and 
(IV) upon complying with subclauses (I), 
(II), and (III), notify the Committee on Ways and Means and the Committee on Agri-culture of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance and the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry of the Senate of those products identi-fied under subclause (I) for which the Trade 
Representative intends to seek tariff liberal-ization in the negotiations and the reasons for seeking such tariff liberalization. 
(ii) If, after negotiations described in 
clause (i) are commenced— 
(I) the United States Trade Representative 
identifies any additional agricultural prod-uct described in clause (i)(I) for tariff reduc-tions which were not the subject of a notifi-cation under clause (i)(IV), or 
(II) any additional agricultural product de-
scribed in clause (i)(I) is the subject of a re-quest for tariff reductions by a party to the negotiations, 
the Trade Representative shall, as soon as 
practicable, notify the committees referred to in clause (i)(IV) of those products and the reasons for seeking such tariff reductions. 
(3) N
EGOTIATIONS REGARDING THE FISHING  
INDUSTRY .—Before initiating, or continuing, 
negotiations that directly relate to fish or shellfish trade with any country, the Presi-dent shall consult with the Committee on Ways and Means and the Committee on Nat-ural Resources of the House of Representa-tives, and the Committee on Finance and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, and shall keep the Committees apprised of the negotiations on an ongoing and timely basis. 
(4) N
EGOTIATIONS REGARDING TEXTILES .—Be-
fore initiating or continuing negotiations the subject matter of which is directly re-lated to textiles and apparel products with any country, the President shall— 
(A) assess whether United States tariffs on 
textile and apparel products that were bound under the Uruguay Round Agreements are lower than the tariffs bound by that country and whether the negotiation provides an op-portunity to address any such disparity; and 
(B) consult with the Committee on Ways 
and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate concerning the results of the assessment, whether it is appropriate for the United States to agree to further tariff reductions based on the conclusions reached in the as-sessment, and how all applicable negotiating objectives will be met. 
(5) A
DHERENCE TO EXISTING INTERNATIONAL  
TRADE AND INVESTMENT AGREEMENT OBLIGA -
TIONS .—In determining whether to enter into 
negotiations with a particular country, the President shall take into account the extent to which that country has implemented, or has accelerated the implementation of, its international trade and investment commit-ments to the United States, including pursu-ant to the WTO Agreement. 
(b) C
ONSULTATION WITHCONGRESS BEFORE  
ENTRY INTOAGREEMENT .— 
(1) C ONSULTATION .—Before entering into 
any trade agreement under section 103(b), the President shall consult with— 
(A) the Committee on Ways and Means of 
the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Finance of the Senate; 
(B) each other committee of the House and 
the Senate, and each joint committee of Congress, which has jurisdiction over legisla-tion involving subject matters which would 
be affected by the trade agreement; and 
(C) the House Advisory Group on Negotia-
tions and the Senate Advisory Group on Ne-gotiations convened under section 104(c). 
(2) S
COPE.—The consultation described in 
paragraph (1) shall include consultation with respect to— 
(A) the nature of the agreement; (B) how and to what extent the agreement 
will achieve the applicable purposes, poli-cies, priorities, and objectives of this title; and 
(C) the implementation of the agreement 
under section 106, including the general ef-fect of the agreement on existing laws. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:28 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY6.046 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3076 May 19, 2015 
(3) R EPORT REGARDING UNITED STATES  
TRADE REMEDY LAWS .— 
(A) C HANGES IN CERTAIN TRADE LAWS .—The 
President, not less than 180 calendar days be-fore the day on which the President enters into a trade agreement under section 103(b), shall report to the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate— 
(i) the range of proposals advanced in the 
negotiations with respect to that agreement, that may be in the final agreement, and that could require amendments to title VII of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1671 et seq.) or to chapter 1 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2251 et seq.); and 
(ii) how these proposals relate to the objec-
tives described in section 102(b)(16). 
(B) R
ESOLUTIONS .—(i) At any time after the 
transmission of the report under subpara-graph (A), if a resolution is introduced with 
respect to that report in either House of Con-gress, the procedures set forth in clauses (iii) through (vii) shall apply to that resolution if— 
(I) no other resolution with respect to that 
report has previously been reported in that House of Congress by the Committee on Ways and Means or the Committee on Fi-nance, as the case may be, pursuant to those procedures; and 
(II) no procedural disapproval resolution 
under section 106(b) introduced with respect to a trade agreement entered into pursuant to the negotiations to which the report under subparagraph (A) relates has pre-viously been reported in that House of Con-gress by the Committee on Ways and Means or the Committee on Finance, as the case may be. 
(ii) For purposes of this subparagraph, the 
term ‘‘resolution’’ means only a resolution of either House of Congress, the matter after the resolving clause of which is as follows: ‘‘That the llll finds that the proposed 
changes to United States trade remedy laws contained in the report of the President transmitted to Congress on llll under 
section 105(b)(3) of the Bipartisan Congres-sional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015 with respect to llll , are in-
consistent with the negotiating objectives described in section 102(b)(16) of that Act.’’, with the first blank space being filled with the name of the resolving House of Congress, the second blank space being filled with the appropriate date of the report, and the third blank space being filled with the name of the country or countries involved. 
(iii) Resolutions in the House of Represent-
atives— 
(I) may be introduced by any Member of 
the House; 
(II) shall be referred to the Committee on 
Ways and Means and, in addition, to the Committee on Rules; and 
(III) may not be amended by either Com-
mittee. 
(iv) Resolutions in the Senate— (I) may be introduced by any Member of 
the Senate; 
(II) shall be referred to the Committee on 
Finance; and 
(III) may not be amended. (v) It is not in order for the House of Rep-
resentatives to consider any resolution that is not reported by the Committee on Ways and Means and, in addition, by the Com-mittee on Rules. 
(vi) It is not in order for the Senate to con-
sider any resolution that is not reported by the Committee on Finance. 
(vii) The provisions of subsections (d) and 
(e) of section 152 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2192) (relating to floor consideration of certain resolutions in the House and Sen-ate) shall apply to resolutions. (4) A
DVISORY COMMITTEE REPORTS .—The re-
port required under section 135(e)(1) of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2155(e)(1)) regard-ing any trade agreement entered into under subsection (a) or (b) of section 103 shall be provided to the President, Congress, and the United States Trade Representative not later than 30 days after the date on which the President notifies Congress under section 103(a)(2) or 106(a)(1)(A) of the intention of the President to enter into the agreement. 
(c) I
NTERNATIONAL TRADE COMMISSION AS-
SESSMENT .— 
(1) S UBMISSION OF INFORMATION TO COMMIS -
SION.—The President, not later than 90 cal-
endar days before the day on which the President enters into a trade agreement under section 103(b), shall provide the Inter-national Trade Commission (referred to in this subsection as the ‘‘Commission’’) with the details of the agreement as it exists at that time and request the Commission to prepare and submit an assessment of the agreement as described in paragraph (2). Be-tween the time the President makes the re-quest under this paragraph and the time the Commission submits the assessment, the President shall keep the Commission current with respect to the details of the agreement. 
(2) A
SSESSMENT .—Not later than 105 cal-
endar days after the President enters into a trade agreement under section 103(b), the Commission shall submit to the President and Congress a report assessing the likely impact of the agreement on the United States economy as a whole and on specific industry sectors, including the impact the agreement will have on the gross domestic product, exports and imports, aggregate em-ployment and employment opportunities, the production, employment, and competi-tive position of industries likely to be sig-nificantly affected by the agreement, and 
the interests of United States consumers. 
(3) R
EVIEW OF EMPIRICAL LITERATURE .—In 
preparing the assessment under paragraph (2), the Commission shall review available economic assessments regarding the agree-ment, including literature regarding any substantially equivalent proposed agree-ment, and shall provide in its assessment a description of the analyses used and conclu-sions drawn in such literature, and a discus-sion of areas of consensus and divergence be-tween the various analyses and conclusions, including those of the Commission regarding the agreement. 
(4) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The President 
shall make each assessment under paragraph (2) available to the public. 
(d) R
EPORTS SUBMITTED TO COMMITTEES  
WITHAGREEMENT .— 
(1) E NVIRONMENTAL REVIEWS AND RE -
PORTS .—The President shall— 
(A) conduct environmental reviews of fu-
ture trade and investment agreements, con-sistent with Executive Order 13141 (64 Fed. Reg. 63169), dated November 16, 1999, and its relevant guidelines; and 
(B) submit a report on those reviews and 
on the content and operation of consultative mechanisms established pursuant to section 102(c) to the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate at the time the President submits to Congress a copy of the final legal text of an agreement pursuant to section 106(a)(1)(E). 
(2) E
MPLOYMENT IMPACT REVIEWS AND RE -
PORTS .—The President shall— 
(A) review the impact of future trade 
agreements on United States employment, including labor markets, modeled after Exec-utive Order 13141 (64 Fed. Reg. 63169) to the extent appropriate in establishing proce-dures and criteria; and 
(B) submit a report on such reviews to the 
Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Fi-
nance of the Senate at the time the Presi-dent submits to Congress a copy of the final legal text of an agreement pursuant to sec-tion 106(a)(1)(E). 
(3) R
EPORT ON LABOR RIGHTS .—The Presi-
dent shall submit to the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Sen-ate, on a timeframe determined in accord-ance with section 104(c)(3)(B)(v)— 
(A) a meaningful labor rights report of the 
country, or countries, with respect to which the President is negotiating; and 
(B) a description of any provisions that 
would require changes to the labor laws and labor practices of the United States. 
(4) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The President 
shall make all reports required under this subsection available to the public. 
(e) I
MPLEMENTATION AND ENFORCEMENT  
PLAN.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—At the time the President 
submits to Congress a copy of the final legal text of an agreement pursuant to section 106(a)(1)(E), the President shall also submit to Congress a plan for implementing and en-forcing the agreement. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The implementation and 
enforcement plan required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: 
(A) B
ORDER PERSONNEL REQUIREMENTS .—A 
description of additional personnel required at border entry points, including a list of ad-ditional customs and agricultural inspectors. 
(B) A
GENCY STAFFING REQUIREMENTS .—A 
description of additional personnel required by Federal agencies responsible for moni-toring and implementing the trade agree-ment, including personnel required by the Office of the United States Trade Represent-ative, the Department of Commerce, the De-partment of Agriculture (including addi-tional personnel required to implement sani-tary and phytosanitary measures in order to 
obtain market access for United States ex-ports), the Department of Homeland Secu-rity, the Department of the Treasury, and such other agencies as may be necessary. 
(C) C
USTOMS INFRASTRUCTURE REQUIRE -
MENTS .—A description of the additional 
equipment and facilities needed by U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection. 
(D) I
MPACT ON STATE AND LOCAL GOVERN -
MENTS .—A description of the impact the 
trade agreement will have on State and local governments as a result of increases in trade. 
(E) C
OST ANALYSIS .—An analysis of the 
costs associated with each of the items listed in subparagraphs (A) through (D). 
(3) B
UDGET SUBMISSION .—The President 
shall include a request for the resources nec-essary to support the plan required by para-graph (1) in the first budget of the President submitted to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, after the date of the submission of the plan. 
(4) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The President 
shall make the plan required under this sub-section available to the public. 
(f) O
THER REPORTS .— 
(1) R EPORT ON PENALTIES .—Not later than 
one year after the imposition by the United States of a penalty or remedy permitted by a trade agreement to which this title applies, the President shall submit to the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate a report on the effectiveness of the penalty or remedy applied under United States law in enforcing United States rights under the trade agreement, which shall ad-dress whether the penalty or remedy was ef-fective in changing the behavior of the tar-geted party and whether the penalty or rem-edy had any adverse impact on parties or in-terests not party to the dispute. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:28 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY6.046 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3077 May 19, 2015 
(2) R EPORT ON IMPACT OF TRADE PROMOTION  
AUTHORITY .—Not later than one year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, and not later than 5 years thereafter, the United States International Trade Commission shall submit to the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate a report on the economic impact on the United States of all trade agreements with respect to which Congress has enacted an imple-menting bill under trade authorities proce-dures since January 1, 1984. 
(3) E
NFORCEMENT CONSULTATIONS AND RE -
PORTS .—(A) The United States Trade Rep-
resentative shall consult with the Com-mittee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Fi-nance of the Senate after acceptance of a pe-tition for review or taking an enforcement action in regard to an obligation under a trade agreement, including a labor or envi-ronmental obligation. During such consulta-tions, the United States Trade Representa-tive shall describe the matter, including the basis for such action and the application of any relevant legal obligations. 
(B) As part of the report required pursuant 
to section 163 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 
U.S.C. 2213), the President shall report annu-ally to Congress on enforcement actions taken pursuant to a trade agreement to which the United States is a party, as well as on any public reports issued by Federal agen-cies on enforcement matters relating to a trade agreement. 
(g) A
DDITIONAL COORDINATION WITHMEM-
BERS .—Any Member of the House of Rep-
resentatives may submit to the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Rep-resentatives and any Member of the Senate may submit to the Committee on Finance of the Senate the views of that Member on any matter relevant to a proposed trade agree-ment, and the relevant Committee shall re-ceive those views for consideration. 
SEC. 106. IMPLEMENTATION OF TRADE AGREE-
MENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— 
(1) N OTIFICATION AND SUBMISSION .—Any 
agreement entered into under section 103(b) shall enter into force with respect to the United States if (and only if)— 
(A) the President, at least 90 calendar days 
before the day on which the President enters into the trade agreement, notifies the House of Representatives and the Senate of the President’s intention to enter into the agree-ment, and promptly thereafter publishes no-tice of such intention in the Federal Reg-ister; 
(B) the President, at least 60 days before 
the day on which the President enters into the agreement, publishes the text of the agreement on a publicly available Internet website of the Office of the United States Trade Representative; 
(C) within 60 days after entering into the 
agreement, the President submits to Con-gress a description of those changes to exist-ing laws that the President considers would be required in order to bring the United States into compliance with the agreement; 
(D) the President, at least 30 days before 
submitting to Congress the materials under subparagraph (E), submits to Congress— 
(i) a draft statement of any administrative 
action proposed to implement the agree-ment; and 
(ii) a copy of the final legal text of the 
agreement; 
(E) after entering into the agreement, the 
President submits to Congress, on a day on which both Houses of Congress are in ses-sion, a copy of the final legal text of the agreement, together with— 
(i) a draft of an implementing bill de-
scribed in section 103(b)(3); (ii) a statement of any administrative ac-
tion proposed to implement the trade agree-ment; and 
(iii) the supporting information described 
in paragraph (2)(A); 
(F) the implementing bill is enacted into 
law; and 
(G) the President, not later than 30 days 
before the date on which the agreement en-ters into force with respect to a party to the agreement, submits written notice to Con-gress that the President has determined that the party has taken measures necessary to comply with those provisions of the agree-ment that are to take effect on the date on which the agreement enters into force. 
(2) S
UPPORTING INFORMATION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The supporting informa-
tion required under paragraph (1)(E)(iii) con-sists of— 
(i) an explanation as to how the imple-
menting bill and proposed administrative ac-tion will change or affect existing law; and 
(ii) a statement— (I) asserting that the agreement achieves 
the applicable purposes, policies, priorities, and objectives of this title; and 
(II) setting forth the reasons of the Presi-
dent regarding— 
(aa) how the agreement achieves the appli-
cable purposes, policies, and objectives re-ferred to in subclause (I); 
(bb) whether and how the agreement 
changes provisions of an agreement pre-viously negotiated; 
(cc) how the agreement serves the interests 
of United States commerce; and 
(dd) how the implementing bill meets the 
standards set forth in section 103(b)(3). 
(B) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The President 
shall make the supporting information de-scribed in subparagraph (A) available to the public. 
(3) R
ECIPROCAL BENEFITS .—In order to en-
sure that a foreign country that is not a party to a trade agreement entered into under section 103(b) does not receive benefits under the agreement unless the country is also subject to the obligations under the agreement, the implementing bill submitted with respect to the agreement shall provide 
that the benefits and obligations under the agreement apply only to the parties to the agreement, if such application is consistent with the terms of the agreement. The imple-menting bill may also provide that the bene-fits and obligations under the agreement do not apply uniformly to all parties to the agreement, if such application is consistent with the terms of the agreement. 
(4) D
ISCLOSURE OF COMMITMENTS .—Any 
agreement or other understanding with a foreign government or governments (whether oral or in writing) that— 
(A) relates to a trade agreement with re-
spect to which Congress enacts an imple-menting bill under trade authorities proce-dures; and 
(B) is not disclosed to Congress before an 
implementing bill with respect to that agreement is introduced in either House of Congress, shall not be considered to be part of the agreement approved by Congress and shall have no force and effect under United States law or in any dispute settlement body. 
(b) L
IMITATIONS ON TRADE AUTHORITIES  
PROCEDURES .— 
(1) F OR LACK OF NOTICE OR CONSULTA -
TIONS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The trade authorities 
procedures shall not apply to any imple-menting bill submitted with respect to a trade agreement or trade agreements entered into under section 103(b) if during the 60-day period beginning on the date that one House of Congress agrees to a procedural dis-approval resolution for lack of notice or con-sultations with respect to such trade agree-
ment or agreements, the other House sepa-rately agrees to a procedural disapproval res-olution with respect to such trade agreement or agreements. 
(B) P
ROCEDURAL DISAPPROVAL RESOLU -
TION.—(i) For purposes of this paragraph, the 
term ‘‘procedural disapproval resolution’’ means a resolution of either House of Con-gress, the sole matter after the resolving clause of which is as follows: ‘‘That the President has failed or refused to notify or consult in accordance with the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Account-ability Act of 2015 on negotiations with re-spect to llllllll and, therefore, the 
trade authorities procedures under that Act shall not apply to any implementing bill sub-mitted with respect to such trade agreement or agreements.’’, with the blank space being filled with a description of the trade agree-ment or agreements with respect to which the President is considered to have failed or refused to notify or consult. 
(ii) For purposes of clause (i) and para-
graphs (3)(C) and (4)(C), the President has ‘‘failed or refused to notify or consult in ac-cordance with the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015’’ on negotiations with respect to a trade agreement or trade agreements if— 
(I) the President has failed or refused to 
consult (as the case may be) in accordance with sections 104 and 105 and this section with respect to the negotiations, agreement, or agreements; 
(II) guidelines under section 104 have not 
been developed or met with respect to the negotiations, agreement, or agreements; 
(III) the President has not met with the 
House Advisory Group on Negotiations or the Senate Advisory Group on Negotiations pursuant to a request made under section 104(c)(4) with respect to the negotiations, agreement, or agreements; or 
(IV) the agreement or agreements fail to 
achieve the purposes, policies, priorities, and objectives of this title. 
SA 1371. Mrs. BOXER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of section 106(b), add the fol-
lowing: 
(7) L IMITATION ON TRADE AUTHORITIES PRO -
CEDURES FOR AGREEMENTS WITH CERTAIN  
COUNTRIES .—The trade authorities proce-
dures shall not apply to any implementing bill submitted with respect to a trade agree-ment or trade agreements entered into under section 103(b) with a country that has a min-imum wage that is less than $2.00 an hour, as determined by the Secretary of Labor. 
SA 1372. Mrs. BOXER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of section 106(b), add the fol-
lowing: 
(7) L IMITATION ON TRADE AUTHORITIES PRO -
CEDURES FOR AGREEMENTS WITH CERTAIN  
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:28 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY6.046 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3078 May 19, 2015 
COUNTRIES .—The trade authorities proce-
dures shall not apply to any implementing bill submitted with respect to a trade agree-ment or trade agreements entered into under section 103(b) with a country that has a min-imum wage that is less than $3.00 an hour, as determined by the Secretary of Labor. 
SA 1373. Mrs. BOXER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of section 106(b), add the fol-
lowing: 
(7) L IMITATION ON TRADE AUTHORITIES PRO -
CEDURES FOR AGREEMENTS WITH CERTAIN  
COUNTRIES .—The trade authorities proce-
dures shall not apply to any implementing bill submitted with respect to a trade agree-ment or trade agreements entered into under section 103(b) with a country that has a min-imum wage that is less than $4.00 an hour, as determined by the Secretary of Labor. 
SA 1374. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
TITLE III—TRADE ENFORCEMENT 
SEC. 301. MODIFICATION OF FACTORS CONSID-
ERED IN FINAL DETERMINATION IN ANTIDUMPING OR COUNTERVAILING DUTY INVESTIGATION IN CASE OF AN ALLEGATION OF CRITICAL CIR-CUMSTANCES. 
(a) C OUNTERVAILING DUTIES .—Clause (ii) of 
section 705(b)(4)(A) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1671d(b)(4)(A)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(ii) L
IKELY TO SERIOUSLY UNDERMINE THE  
REMEDIAL EFFECT OF A COUNTERVAILING DUTY  
ORDER .— 
‘‘(I) I N GENERAL .—The Commission shall 
find under clause (i) that imports of subject merchandise subject to the affirmative de-termination under subsection (a)(2) are like-ly to undermine seriously the remedial effect of the countervailing duty order to be issued under section 706 if the Commission deter-mines that imports of such merchandise after the filing of the petition under this subtitle substantially weaken the remedial effect of any subsequent countervailing duty order. 
‘‘(II) F
ACTORS IN DETERMINATION .—In mak-
ing a determination under subclause (I) with respect to imports of subject merchandise described in that subclause, the Commission shall consider, based on the facts available, the following: 
‘‘(aa) An increase in the market share in 
the United States of imports of such mer-chandise after the filing of the petition. 
‘‘(bb) An increase in underselling of the do-
mestic like product by imports of such mer-chandise, in terms of frequency or mag-nitude, after the filing of the petition. 
‘‘(cc) A significant buildup of inventories 
of imports of such merchandise in the United States, whether held by United States im-porters, purchasers, or end users, after the filing of the petition. ‘‘(dd) A weakening of the industry of the 
domestic like product after the filing of the petition. 
‘‘(ee) Any other circumstances indicating 
that, after the filing of the petition, imports of such merchandise substantially weaken the remedial effect of the countervailing duty order. 
‘‘(III) A
SSESSMENT OF COMPETITION .—The 
Commission shall consider items (aa) through (ee) of subclause (II) based on the particular conditions of competition in the relevant industry. 
‘‘(IV) T
IME PERIOD .—The period of time 
evaluated in making a determination under subclause (I) shall not include any period after the issuance of the preliminary deter-mination by the administering authority under section 703(b) with respect to the sub-ject merchandise.’’. 
(b) A
NTIDUMPING DUTIES .—Clause (ii) of 
section 735(b)(4)(A) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1673d(b)(4)(A)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(ii) L
IKELY TO SERIOUSLY UNDERMINE THE  
REMEDIAL EFFECT OF AN ANTIDUMPING DUTY  
ORDER .— 
‘‘(I) I N GENERAL .—The Commission shall 
find under clause (i) that imports of subject merchandise subject to the affirmative de-termination under subsection (a)(3) are like-ly to undermine seriously the remedial effect of the antidumping duty order to be issued under section 736 if the Commission deter-mines that imports of such merchandise after the filing of the petition under this subtitle substantially weaken the remedial effect of any subsequent antidumping duty order. 
‘‘(II) F
ACTORS IN DETERMINATION .—In mak-
ing a determination under subclause (I) with respect to imports of subject merchandise described in that subclause, the Commission shall consider, based on the facts available, the following: 
‘‘(aa) An increase in the market share in 
the United States of imports of such mer-chandise after the filing of the petition. 
‘‘(bb) An increase in underselling of the do-
mestic like product by imports of such mer-chandise, in terms of frequency or mag-nitude, after the filing of the petition. 
‘‘(cc) A significant buildup of inventories 
of imports of such merchandise in the United States, whether held by United States im-porters, purchasers, or end users, after the filing of the petition. 
‘‘(dd) A weakening of the industry of the 
domestic like product after the filing of the petition. 
‘‘(ee) Any other circumstances indicating 
that, after the filing of the petition, imports of such merchandise substantially weaken the remedial effect of the antidumping duty order. 
‘‘(III) A
SSESSMENT OF COMPETITION .—The 
Commission shall consider items (aa) through (ee) of subclause (II) based on the particular conditions of competition in the relevant industry. 
‘‘(IV) T
IME PERIOD .—The period of time 
evaluated in making a determination under subclause (I) shall not include any period after the issuance of the preliminary deter-mination by the administering authority under section 733(b) with respect to the sub-ject merchandise.’’. 
SEC. 302. MODIFICATION OF DETERMINATION OF 
THREAT OF MATERIAL INJURY BASED ON IMMINENT FUTURE IM-PORTS IN ANTIDUMPING OR COUN-TERVAILING DUTY INVESTIGATION. 
Section 771(7)(F) of the Tariff Act of 1930 
(19 U.S.C. 1677(7)(F)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(iv) E
FFECT OF IMMINENT FUTURE IM -
PORTS .— ‘‘(I) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subclauses (II) 
and (III), the Commission may determine under this subparagraph that an industry in the United States is threatened with mate-rial injury by reason of imports (or sales for importation) of the subject merchandise not-withstanding the results of an evaluation under subparagraph (C)(iii) with respect to the effect of imports of the subject merchan-dise on that industry if the Commission de-termines that imminent future imports of the subject merchandise will likely lead to a change of circumstances concerning the state of that industry. 
‘‘(II) F
UTURE PERFORMANCE ESTIMATE .—The 
Commission shall determine under this sub-paragraph that an industry in the United States is threatened with material injury if the performance of that industry is likely to be materially worse than it would have been in the absence of the likely volume of im-ports of subject merchandise in the immi-nent future. 
‘‘(III) F
OREIGN PROJECTIONS .—With respect 
to considering economic factors described in clause (i)(II), in a case in which production capacity in or exports to the United States from the exporting country are projected by foreign producers to decline in the imminent future and such projection is contrary to in-formation examined by the Commission in the investigation, such projection shall re-quire verification or independent corrobora-tion before being considered under this sub-paragraph.’’. 
SEC. 303. PREVENTION OF DUTY EVASION 
THROUGH IDENTIFICATION OF PER-SONS AND COUNTRIES RESPON-SIBLE FOR VIOLATIONS OF THE CUS-TOMS LAWS. 
(a) I DENTIFICATION OF CERTAIN PERSONS  
WHOVIOLATE THE CUSTOMS LAWS.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary may pub-
lish semi-annually in the Federal Register a list of any producer, manufacturer, supplier, seller, exporter, or other person located out-side the customs territory of the United States to which the Commissioner has issued a penalty claim under section 592(b)(2) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1592(b)(2)) citing any of the violations of the customs laws de-scribed in paragraph (3). 
(2) E
FFECT OF PETITION FOR REMISSION OR  
MITIGATION .—If a person to which a penalty 
claim described in paragraph (1) is issued files a petition for remission or mitigation under section 618 of that Act (19 U.S.C. 1618) with respect to the penalty claim, the Sec-retary may not include the person on a list published under paragraph (1) until a final determination is made under such section 618. 
(3) V
IOLATIONS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The violations of the cus-
toms laws described in this paragraph are the following: 
(i) Using documentation, or providing doc-
umentation subsequently used by the im-porter of record, that indicates a false or fraudulent country of origin or source of goods described in subparagraph (B) being entered into the customs territory of the United States. 
(ii) Using counterfeit visas, licenses, per-
mits, bills of lading, commercial invoices, packing lists, certificates of origin, or simi-lar documentation, or providing counterfeit visas, licenses, permits, bills of lading, com-mercial invoices, packing lists, certificates of origin, or similar documentation subse-quently used by the importer of record, with respect to the entry into the customs terri-tory of the United States of goods described in subparagraph (B). 
(iii) Manufacturing, producing, supplying, 
or selling goods described in subparagraph (B) that are falsely or fraudulently labeled as to country of origin or source. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:28 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY6.044 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3079 May 19, 2015 
(iv) Engaging in practices that aid or abet 
the transshipment, through a country other than the country of origin, of goods de-scribed in subparagraph (B), in a manner that conceals the true origin of the goods or permits the evasion of quotas or duties on, or voluntary restraint agreements with re-spect to, imports of the goods. 
(B) G
OODS DESCRIBED .—Goods described in 
this subparagraph are— 
(i) textile or apparel goods; or (ii) goods subject to antidumping or coun-
tervailing duty orders under title VII of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1671 et seq.). 
(4) R
EMOVAL FROM LIST .—Any person in-
cluded on a list published under paragraph (1) may petition the Secretary to be removed from the list. If the Secretary finds that the person has not committed any violations of the customs laws described in paragraph (3) for a period of not less than 3 years after the date on which the person was included on the list, the Secretary shall remove the person from the list as of the next publication of the list under paragraph (1). 
(5) R
EASONABLE CARE REQUIRED FOR SUBSE -
QUENT IMPORTS .— 
(A) R ESPONSIBILITY OF IMPORTERS AND OTH -
ERS.—After a person has been included on a 
list published under paragraph (1), the Sec-retary shall require any importer of record entering, introducing, or attempting to in-troduce into the commerce of the United States any goods described in paragraph (3)(B) that were either directly or indirectly produced, manufactured, supplied, sold, ex-ported, or transported by the person on the list to show, to the satisfaction of the Sec-retary, that such importer has exercised rea-sonable care to ensure that those goods are accompanied by documentation, packaging, and labeling that are accurate as to the ori-gin of those goods. Such reasonable care shall not include reliance solely on informa-tion provided by the person on the list. 
(B) F
AILURE TO EXERCISE REASONABLE  
CARE .—If the Commissioner determines that 
an imported good is not from the country claimed on the documentation accom-panying the good, the failure to exercise rea-sonable care described in subparagraph (A) 
shall be considered when the Commissioner determines whether the importer of record is in violation of section 484(a) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1484(a)) or regulations issued under that section. 
(b) I
DENTIFICATION OF HIGH-RISK COUN-
TRIES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The President may pub-
lish annually in the Federal Register a list of countries— 
(A) in which illegal activities have oc-
curred involving transshipped goods or ac-tivities designed to evade quotas or duties of the United States on goods; and 
(B) the governments of which fail to dem-
onstrate a good faith effort to cooperate with United States authorities in ceasing such activities. 
(2) R
EMOVAL FROM LIST .—Any country that 
is on the list published under paragraph (1) that subsequently demonstrates a good faith effort to cooperate with United States au-thorities in ceasing activities described in that paragraph shall be removed from the list, and such removal shall be published in the Federal Register as soon as practicable. 
(3) R
EASONABLE CARE REQUIRED FOR SUBSE -
QUENT IMPORTS .— 
(A) R ESPONSIBILITY OF IMPORTERS OF  
RECORD .—The Secretary of Homeland Secu-
rity shall require any importer of record en-tering, introducing, or attempting to intro-duce into the commerce of the United States goods indicated, on the documentation, packaging, or labeling accompanying such goods, to be from any country on the list published under paragraph (1) to show, to the satisfaction of the Secretary, that the im-
porter, consignee, or purchaser has exercised reasonable care to identify the true country of origin of the good. 
(B) F
AILURE TO EXERCISE REASONABLE  
CARE .—If the Commissioner determines that 
a good described in subparagraph (A) is not from the country claimed on the documenta-tion accompanying the good, the failure to exercise reasonable care under that subpara-graph shall be considered when the Commis-sioner determines whether the importer of record is in violation of section 484(a) of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1484(a)) or regula-tions issued under that section. 
(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) C OMMISSIONER .—The term ‘‘Commis-
sioner’’ means the Commissioner responsible for U.S. Customs and Border Protection. 
(2) C
OUNTRY .—The term ‘‘country’’ means a 
foreign country or territory, including any overseas dependent territory or possession of a foreign country. 
(3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of Homeland Security. 
SA 1375. Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for 
himself and Mr. B ROWN ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In section 102(b), add at the end the fol-
lowing: 
(21) F OOD SAFETY .—The principal negoti-
ating objectives of the United States with re-spect to food safety are— 
(A) to ensure that a trade agreement does 
not weaken or diminish food safety stand-ards that protect public health; 
(B) to promote strong food safety laws and 
regulations in the United States; and 
(C) to maintain and strengthen food safety 
inspection systems, including the continuous inspection of meat, poultry, seafood, and egg products exported to the United States. 
SA 1376. Ms. CANTWELL submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
TITLE III—MISCELLANEOUS 
SEC. 301. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY OF EXPORT- 
IMPORT BANK OF THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7 of the Export- 
Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635f) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2015’’. 
(b) D
UAL-USEEXPORTS .—Section 1(c) of 
Public Law 103–428 (12 U.S.C. 635 note) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2015’’. 
(c) S
UB-SAHARAN AFRICA ADVISORY COM-
MITTEE .—Section 2(b)(9)(B)(iii) of the Export- 
Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635(b)(9)(B)(iii)) is amended by striking ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2015’’. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall take effect on the earlier of the date of the enactment of this Act or June 30, 2015. SA 1377. Ms. CANTWELL submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to 
provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
TITLE III—MISCELLANEOUS 
SEC. 301. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY OF EXPORT- 
IMPORT BANK OF THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7 of the Export- 
Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635f) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘July 31, 2015’’. 
(b) D
UAL-USEEXPORTS .—Section 1(c) of 
Public Law 103–428 (12 U.S.C. 635 note) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘July 31, 2015’’. 
(c) S
UB-SAHARAN AFRICA ADVISORY COM-
MITTEE .—Section 2(b)(9)(B)(iii) of the Export- 
Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635(b)(9)(B)(iii)) is amended by striking ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘July 31, 2015’’. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall take effect on the earlier of the date of the enactment of this Act or June 30, 2015. 
SA 1378. Ms. STABENOW (for herself 
and Mr. B ROWN ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In section 111(7), insert after subparagraph 
(C) the following: 
(D) the provision of equal remuneration for 
men and women workers for work of equal value, as set forth in ILO Convention No. 100 Concerning Equal Remuneration for Men and Women Workers for Work of Equal Value; 
SA 1379. Ms. STABENOW submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 119, between lines 20 and 21, insert 
the following: 
(e) R EAUTHORIZATION OF COMMUNITY COL-
LEGE AND CAREER TRAINING GRANT PRO-
GRAM .—Section 272(a) of the Trade Act of 
1974 (19 U.S.C. 2372(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘for each of the fiscal years 2009 and 2010’’ and all that follows through ‘‘December 31, 2010,’’ and inserting ‘‘for each of fiscal years 2015 through 2021’’. 
SA 1380. Ms. STABENOW (for herself 
and Mr. B ROWN ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:28 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY6.044 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3080 May 19, 2015 
organizations; which was ordered to lie 
on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 112. REPORT ON AUTOMOTIVE IMPORTS. 
Not later than one year after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, and not less fre-quently than annually thereafter, the Sec-retary of Commerce shall submit to Congress a report on imports into the United States of automobiles and auto parts, including an analysis of, for the year preceding the sub-mission of the report— 
(1) any changes to the supply chain in the 
United States with respect to automobiles and auto parts; 
(2) any changes to employment in the 
United States with respect to automobiles and auto parts; and 
(3) the impact of imports into the United 
States of automobiles and auto parts on the changes described in paragraphs (1) and (2). 
SA 1381. Ms. STABENOW submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of section 106(b), add the fol-
lowing: 
(7) F OR AGREEMENTS WITH COUNTRIES THAT  
MANIPULATE THEIR CURRENCIES .—The trade 
authorities procedures shall not apply to an implementing bill submitted with respect to a trade agreement under section 103(b) with a country that engages in protracted large- scale intervention in one direction in the currency exchange markets to gain an unfair competitive advantage in trade over other parties to the trade agreement. 
SA 1382. Ms. STABENOW submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 2, strike line 11 and all 
that follows through page 4, line 6, and insert the following: 
(1) to achieve an overall balance of pay-
ments over a reasonable period of time, eliminate persistent trade deficits, and re-verse the accumulation of foreign debt; 
(2) to obtain the reduction or elimination 
of barriers and distortions that are directly related to trade and investment and that in-crease the United States trade deficit; 
(3) to further strengthen the system of 
international trade and investment dis-ciplines and procedures, including dispute settlement; 
(4) to foster economic growth, raise living 
standards, enhance the competitiveness of the United States, promote full employment in the United States, and substantially re-duce global current account imbalances; 
(5) to ensure that trade and environmental 
policies are mutually supportive and to seek to protect and preserve the environment and enhance the international means of doing so, while optimizing the use of the world’s re-sources; 
(6) to promote respect for worker rights 
and the rights of children consistent with core labor standards of the ILO (as set out in section 111(7)) and an understanding of the 
relationship between trade and worker rights; 
(7) to seek provisions in trade agreements 
under which parties to those agreements en-sure that they do not weaken or reduce the protections afforded in domestic environ-mental and labor laws as an encouragement for trade; 
(8) to ensure that trade agreements afford 
small businesses equal access to inter-national markets amd increased net export results and provide for the reduction or elimination of trade and investment barriers that disproportionately impact small busi-nesses; 
SA 1383. Mr. PAUL submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . BONUSES FOR COST-CUTTERS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be 
cited as the ‘‘Bonuses for Cost-Cutters Act of 2015’’. 
(b) C
OSTSAVINGS ENHANCEMENTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 4512 of title 5, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(A) in subsection (a)— (i) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by inserting ‘‘or identification of surplus funds or unnecessary budget authority’’ after ‘‘mismanagement’’; 
(ii) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘or iden-
tification’’ after ‘‘disclosure’’; and 
(iii) in the matter following paragraph (2), 
by inserting ‘‘or identification’’ after ‘‘dis-closure’’; and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) The Inspector General of an agency or 
other agency employee designated under subsection (b) shall refer to the Chief Finan-cial Officer of the agency any potential sur-plus funds or unnecessary budget authority identified by an employee, along with any recommendations of the Inspector General or 
other agency employee. 
‘‘(d)(1) If the Chief Financial Officer of an 
agency determines that rescission of poten-tial surplus funds or unnecessary budget au-thority identified by an employee would not hinder the effectiveness of the agency, ex-cept as provided in subsection (e), the head of the agency shall transfer the amount of the surplus funds or unnecessary budget au-thority from the applicable appropriations account to the general fund of the Treasury. 
‘‘(2) Title X of the Congressional Budget 
and Impoundment Control Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 681 et seq.) shall not apply to transfers under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(3) Any amounts transferred under para-
graph (1) shall be deposited in the Treasury and used for deficit reduction, except that in the case of a fiscal year for which there is no Federal budget deficit, such amounts shall be used to reduce the Federal debt (in such manner as the Secretary of the Treasury considers appropriate). 
‘‘(e)(1) The head of an agency may retain 
not more than 10 percent of amounts to be transferred to the general fund of the Treas-ury under subsection (d). 
‘‘(2) Amounts retained by the head of an 
agency under paragraph (1) may be— 
‘‘(A) used for the purpose of paying a cash 
award under subsection (a) to 1 or more em-ployees who identified the surplus funds or unnecessary budget authority; and ‘‘(B) to the extent amounts remain after 
paying cash awards under subsection (a), transferred or reprogrammed for use by the agency, in accordance with any limitation on such a transfer or reprogramming under any other provision of law. 
‘‘(f)(1) The head of each agency shall sub-
mit to the Director of the Office of Personnel Management an annual report regarding— 
‘‘(A) each disclosure of possible fraud, 
waste, or mismanagement or identification of potentially surplus funds or unnecessary budget authority by an employee of the agency determined by the agency to have merit; 
‘‘(B) the total savings achieved through 
disclosures and identifications described in subparagraph (A); and 
‘‘(C) the number and amount of cash 
awards by the agency under subsection (a). 
‘‘(2)(A) The head of each agency shall in-
clude the information described in paragraph (1) in each budget request of the agency sub-
mitted to the Office of Management and Budget as part of the preparation of the budget of the President submitted to Con-gress under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code. 
‘‘(B) The Director of the Office of Per-
sonnel Management shall submit to the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives, and the Govern-ment Accountability Office an annual report on Federal cost saving and awards based on the reports submitted under subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(g) The Director of the Office of Personnel 
Management shall— 
‘‘(1) ensure that the cash award program of 
each agency complies with this section; and 
‘‘(2) submit to Congress an annual certifi-
cation indicating whether the cash award program of each agency complies with this section. 
‘‘(h) Not later than 3 years after the date of 
enactment of the Bonuses for Cost-Cutters Act of 2015, and every 3 years thereafter, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report on the op-eration of the cost savings and awards pro-gram under this section, including any rec-ommendations for legislative changes.’’. 
(2) O
FFICERS ELIGIBLE FOR CASH AWARDS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Section 4509 of title 5, 
United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 4509. Prohibition of cash award to certain 
officers 
‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the term 
‘agency’— 
‘‘(1) has the meaning given that term 
under section 551(1); and 
‘‘(2) includes an entity described in section 
4501(1). 
‘‘(b) P ROHIBITION .—An officer may not re-
ceive a cash award under this subchapter if the officer— 
‘‘(1) serves in a position at level I of the 
Executive Schedule; 
‘‘(2) is the head of an agency; or ‘‘(3) is a commissioner, board member, or 
other voting member of an independent es-tablishment.’’. 
(B) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 45 of 
title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 4509 and inserting the following: 
‘‘4509. Prohibition of cash award to certain 
officers.’’. 
SA 1384. Mr. HATCH (for Mr. C RUZ 
(for himself, Mr. G RASSLEY , Mr. S UL-
LIVAN , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. 
BOOZMAN , and Mr. I NHOFE )) submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:28 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY6.045 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3081 May 19, 2015 
to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. 
HATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of section 102(a), add the fol-
lowing: 
(14) to ensure that trade agreements do not 
require changes to the immigration laws of the United States. 
SA 1385. Mr. HATCH (for himself, Mr. 
WYDEN , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. 
ALEXANDER , Mr. C ORKER , Mr. W ARNER , 
Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. B ENNET , and Mr. 
KAINE) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the 
bill H.R. 1314, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relat-ing to adverse determinations of tax- exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 102(b)(11) and insert the fol-
lowing: 
(11) F OREIGN CURRENCY MANIPULATION .—The 
principal negotiating objective of the United States with respect to unfair currency prac-tices is to seek to establish accountability through enforceable rules, transparency, re-porting, monitoring, cooperative mecha-nisms, or other means to address exchange rate manipulation involving protracted large scale intervention in one direction in the ex-change markets and a persistently under-valued foreign exchange rate to gain an un-fair competitive advantage in trade over other parties to a trade agreement, con-sistent with existing obligations of the United States as a member of the Inter-national Monetary Fund and the World Trade Organization. 
SA 1386. Mr. FRANKEN (for himself 
and Ms. S TABENOW ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. COMMUNITY COLLEGE TO CAREER 
FUND. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be 
cited as the ‘‘Community College to Career Fund Act’’. 
(b) C
OMMUNITY COLLEGE TO CAREER FUND.— 
Title I of the Workforce Innovation and Op-portunity Act is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘Subtitle F—Community College to Career 
Fund 
‘‘SEC. 199. COMMUNITY COLLEGE AND INDUSTRY 
PARTNERSHIPS PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) G RANTS AUTHORIZED .—From funds ap-
propriated under section 199D(a)(1), the Sec-retary of Labor and the Secretary of Edu-cation, in accordance with the interagency agreement described in section 199E, shall award competitive grants to eligible entities described in subsection (b) for the purpose of developing, offering, improving, or providing educational or career training programs for 
workers. 
‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .— 
‘‘(1) P ARTNERSHIPS WITH EMPLOYERS OR AN  
EMPLOYER OR INDUSTRY PARTNERSHIP .— 
‘‘(A) G ENERAL DEFINITION .—For purposes of 
this section, an ‘eligible entity’ means any of 
the entities described in subparagraph (B) (or a consortium of any of such entities) in part-nership with employers or an employer or in-dustry partnership representing multiple employers. 
‘‘(B) D
ESCRIPTION OF ENTITIES .—The enti-
ties described in this subparagraph are— 
‘‘(i) a community college; ‘‘(ii) a 4-year public institution of higher 
education (as defined in section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001(a))) that offers 2-year degrees, and that will use funds provided under this section for activities at the certificate and associate de-gree levels; 
‘‘(iii) a Tribal College or University (as de-
fined in section 316(b) of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1059c(b))); or 
‘‘(iv) a private or nonprofit, 2-year institu-
tion of higher education (as defined in sec-tion 102 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1002)) in the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, Guam, the United States Virgin Islands, American Samoa, the Common-wealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, the Republic of the Marshall Islands, the Fed-erated States of Micronesia, or the Republic of Palau. 
‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL PARTNERS .— 
‘‘(A) A UTHORIZATION OF ADDITIONAL PART -
NERS .—In addition to partnering with em-
ployers or an employer or industry partner-ship representing multiple employers as de-scribed in paragraph (1)(A), an entity de-scribed in paragraph (1) may include in the partnership described in paragraph (1) 1 or more of the organizations described in sub-paragraph (B). An eligible entity that in-cludes 1 or more such organizations shall collaborate with the State or local board in the area served by the eligible entity. 
‘‘(B) O
RGANIZATIONS .—The organizations 
described in this subparagraph are as fol-lows: 
‘‘(i) An adult education provider or institu-
tion of higher education (as defined in sec-tion 101 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001)). 
‘‘(ii) A community-based organization. ‘‘(iii) A joint labor-management partner-
ship. 
‘‘(iv) A State or local board. ‘‘(v) Any other organization that the Sec-
retaries consider appropriate. 
‘‘(c) E
DUCATIONAL OR CAREER TRAINING  
PROGRAM .—For purposes of this section, the 
Governor of the State in which at least 1 of the entities described in subsection (b)(1)(B) of an eligible entity is located shall establish criteria for an educational or career training program leading to a recognized postsec-ondary credential for which an eligible enti-ty submits a grant proposal under subsection (d). 
‘‘(d) A
PPLICATION .—An eligible entity seek-
ing a grant under this section shall submit an application containing a grant proposal to the Secretaries at such time and con-taining such information as the Secretaries determine is required, including a detailed description of— 
‘‘(1) the specific educational or career 
training program for which the grant pro-posal is submitted and how the program meets the criteria established under sub-section (e), including the manner in which the grant will be used to develop, offer, im-prove, or provide the educational or career training program; 
‘‘(2) the extent to which the program will 
meet the educational or career training needs of workers in the area served by the el-
igible entity; 
‘‘(3) the extent to which the program will 
meet the needs of employers in the area for skilled workers in in-demand industry sec-tors and occupations; 
‘‘(4) the extent to which the program de-
scribed fits within any overall strategic plan developed by the eligible entity; 
‘‘(5) any previous experience of the eligible 
entity in providing educational or career training programs, the absence of which shall not automatically disqualify an eligi-ble institution from receiving a grant under this section; and 
‘‘(6) in the case of a project that involves 
an educational or career training program that leads to a recognized postsecondary cre-dential described in subsection (f), how the program leading to the credential meets the criteria described in subsection (c). 
‘‘(e) C
RITERIA FOR AWARD .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Grants under this sec-
tion shall be awarded based on criteria estab-lished by the Secretaries, that include the following: 
‘‘(A) A determination of the merits of the 
grant proposal submitted by the eligible en-tity involved to develop, offer, improve, or provide an educational or career training program to be made available to workers. 
‘‘(B) An assessment of the likely employ-
ment opportunities available in the area to individuals who complete an educational or career training program that the eligible en-tity proposes to develop, offer, improve, or provide. 
‘‘(C) An assessment of prior demand for 
training programs by individuals eligible for training and served by the eligible entity, as well as availability and capacity of existing (as of the date of the assessment) training 
programs to meet future demand for training programs. 
‘‘(2) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under 
this section, the Secretaries shall give pri-ority to eligible entities that— 
‘‘(A) include a partnership, with employers 
or an employer or industry partnership, that— 
‘‘(i) pays a portion of the costs of edu-
cational or career training programs; or 
‘‘(ii) agrees to hire individuals who have 
attained a recognized postsecondary creden-tial resulting from the educational or career training program of the eligible entity; 
‘‘(B) enter into a partnership with a labor 
organization or labor-management training program to provide, through the program, technical expertise for occupationally spe-cific education necessary for a recognized postsecondary credential leading to a skilled occupation in an in-demand industry sector; 
‘‘(C) are focused on serving individuals 
with barriers to employment, low-income, non-traditional students, students who are dislocated workers, students who are vet-erans, or students who are long-term unem-ployed; 
‘‘(D) include community colleges serving 
areas with high unemployment rates, includ-ing rural areas; 
‘‘(E) are eligible entities that include an 
institution of higher education eligible for assistance under title III or V of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1051 et seq.; 20 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.); and 
‘‘(F) include a partnership, with employers 
or an employer or industry partnership, that increases domestic production of goods, such as advanced manufacturing or production of clean energy technology. 
‘‘(f) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Grant funds awarded 
under this section shall be used for one or more of the following: 
‘‘(1) The development, offering, improve-
ment, or provision of educational or career training programs, that provide relevant job 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:28 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY6.048 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3082 May 19, 2015 
training for skilled occupations that will 
meet the needs of employers in in-demand industry sectors, and which may include reg-istered apprenticeship programs, on-the-job training programs, and programs that sup-port employers in upgrading the skills of their workforce. 
‘‘(2) The development and implementation 
of policies and programs to expand opportu-nities for students to earn a recognized post-secondary credential, including a degree, in in-demand industry sectors and occupations, including by— 
‘‘(A) facilitating the transfer of academic 
credits between institutions of higher edu-cation, including the transfer of academic credits for courses in the same field of study; 
‘‘(B) expanding articulation agreements 
and policies that guarantee transfers be-tween such institutions, including through common course numbering and use of a gen-eral core curriculum; and 
‘‘(C) developing or enhancing student sup-
port services programs. 
‘‘(3) The creation of workforce programs 
that provide a sequence of education and oc-cupational training that leads to a recog-nized postsecondary credential, including a degree, including programs that— 
‘‘(A) blend basic skills and occupational 
training; 
‘‘(B) facilitate means of transitioning par-
ticipants from non-credit occupational, basic skills, or developmental coursework to for- credit coursework within and across institu-tions; 
‘‘(C) build or enhance linkages, including 
the development of dual enrollment pro-grams and early college high schools, be-tween secondary education or adult edu-cation programs (including programs estab-lished under the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 (20 U.S.C. 2301 et seq.) and title II of this Act); 
‘‘(D) are innovative programs designed to 
increase the provision of training for stu-dents, including students who are members of the National Guard or Reserves, to enter skilled occupations in in-demand industry sectors; and 
‘‘(E) support paid internships that will 
allow students to simultaneously earn credit for work-based learning and gain relevant employment experience in an in-demand in-dustry sector or occupation, which shall in-clude opportunities that transition individ-uals into employment. 
‘‘(4) The support of regional or national in- 
demand industry sectors to develop skills consortia that will identify pressing work-force needs and develop solutions such as— 
‘‘(A) standardizing industry certifications; ‘‘(B) developing new training technologies; 
and 
‘‘(C) collaborating with industry employers 
to define and describe how specific skills lead to particular jobs and career opportuni-ties. 
‘‘SEC. 199A. PAY-FOR-PERFORMANCE AND PAY- 
FOR-SUCCESS JOB TRAINING PROJECTS. 
‘‘(a) A WARD GRANTS AUTHORIZED .—From 
funds appropriated under section 199D(a)(2), the Secretaries, in accordance with the interagency agreement described in section 199E, shall award grants on a competitive basis to eligible entities described in sub-section (b) who achieve specific performance outcomes and criteria agreed to by the Sec-retaries under subsection (c) to carry out job training projects. Projects funded by grants under this section shall be referred to as ei-ther Pay-for-Performance or Pay-for-Success projects, as set forth in subsection (b). 
‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—To be eligible to re-
ceive a grant under this section, an entity shall be a State or local organization (which may be a local workforce organization) in partnership with an entity such as a commu-
nity college or other training provider, who— 
‘‘(1) in the case of an entity seeking to 
carry out a Pay-for-Performance project, agrees to be reimbursed under the grant pri-marily on the basis of achievement of speci-fied performance outcomes and criteria agreed to by the Secretaries under sub-section (c); or 
‘‘(2) in the case of an entity seeking to 
carry out a Pay-for-Success project— 
‘‘(A) enters into a partnership with an in-
vestor, such as a philanthropic organization that provides funding for a specific project to address a clear and measurable job training need in the area to be served under the grant; and 
‘‘(B) agrees to be reimbursed under the 
grant only if the project achieves specified performance outcomes and criteria agreed to by the Secretaries under subsection (c). 
‘‘(c) P
ERFORMANCE OUTCOMES AND CRI-
TERIA .—Not later than 6 months after the 
date of enactment of this subtitle, the Secre-taries shall establish and publish specific performance measures, which include per-formance outcomes and criteria, for the ini-tial qualification and reimbursement of eli-gible entities to receive a grant under this section. At a minimum, to receive such a grant, an eligible entity shall— 
‘‘(1) identify a particular program area and 
client population that is not achieving opti-mal outcomes; 
‘‘(2) provide evidence that the proposed 
strategy for the job training project would achieve better outcomes; 
‘‘(3) clearly articulate and quantify the im-
proved outcomes of such new approach; 
‘‘(4) for a Pay-for-Success project, specify a 
monetary value that would need to be paid to obtain such outcomes and explain the basis for such value; 
‘‘(5) identify data that would be required to 
evaluate whether outcomes are being achieved for a target population and a com-parison group; 
‘‘(6) identify estimated savings that would 
result from the improved outcomes, includ-ing to other programs or units of govern-ment; 
‘‘(7) demonstrate the capacity to collect re-
quired data, track outcomes, and validate those outcomes; and 
‘‘(8) specify how the entity will meet any 
other criteria the Secretaries may require. 
‘‘(d) P
ERIOD OF AVAILABILITY FOR PAY-FOR- 
SUCCESS PROJECTS .—Funds appropriated to 
carry out Pay-for-Success projects pursuant to section 199D(a)(2) shall, upon obligation, remain available for disbursement until ex-pended, notwithstanding section 1552 of title 31, United States Code, and, if later deobligated, in whole or in part, be available until expended under additional Pay-for-Suc-cess grants under this section. 
‘‘SEC. 199B. BRING JOBS BACK TO AMERICA 
GRANTS. 
‘‘(a) G RANTS AUTHORIZED .—From funds ap-
propriated under section 199D(a)(3), the Sec-retaries, in accordance with the interagency agreement described in section 199E, shall award grants to State or local governments for job training and recruiting activities that can quickly provide businesses with skilled workers in order to encourage busi-nesses to relocate to or remain in areas served by such governments. The Secretaries shall coordinate activities with the Sec-
retary of Commerce in carrying out this sec-tion. 
‘‘(b) P
URPOSE AND USE OF FUNDS .—Grant 
funds awarded under this section may be used by a State or local government to issue subgrants, using procedures established by the Secretaries, to eligible entities, includ-ing those described in section 199(b), to assist such eligible entities in providing job train-
ing necessary to provide skilled workers for businesses that have relocated or are consid-ering relocating operations outside the United States, and may instead relocate to or remain in the areas served by such gov-ernments, and in conducting recruiting ac-tivities. 
‘‘(c) A
PPLICATION .—A State or local govern-
ment seeking a grant under the program es-tablished under subsection (a) shall submit an application to the Secretaries in such manner and containing such information as the Secretaries may require. At a minimum, each application shall include— 
‘‘(1) a description of the eligible entity the 
State or local government proposes to assist in providing job training or recruiting ac-tivities; 
‘‘(2) a description of the proposed or exist-
ing business facility involved, including the number of jobs relating to such facility and the average wage or salary of those jobs; and 
‘‘(3) a description of any other resources 
that the State has committed to assisting such business in locating such facility, in-cluding tax incentives provided, bonding au-thority exercised, and land granted. 
‘‘(d) C
RITERIA .—The Secretaries shall 
award grants under this section to the State and local governments that— 
‘‘(1) the Secretaries determine are most 
likely to succeed, with such a grant, in as-sisting an eligible entity in providing the job training and recruiting necessary to cause a business to relocate to or remain in an area served by such government; 
‘‘(2) will fund job training and recruiting 
programs that will result in the greatest number and quality of jobs; 
‘‘(3) have committed State or other re-
sources, to the extent of their ability as de-termined by the Secretaries, to assist a busi-ness to relocate to or remain in an area served by such government; and 
‘‘(4) have met such other criteria as the 
Secretaries consider appropriate, including criteria relating to marketing plans, and benefits for ongoing area or State strategies for economic development and job growth. 
‘‘SEC. 199C. GRANTS FOR ENTREPRENEUR AND 
SMALL BUSINESS STARTUP TRAIN-ING. 
‘‘(a) G RANTS AUTHORIZED .—From funds ap-
propriated under section 199D(a)(4), the Sec-retaries, in accordance with the interagency agreement described in section 199E, shall award grants, on a competitive basis, to eli-gible entities described in subsection (b) to provide training in starting a small business and entrepreneurship. The Secretaries shall coordinate activities with the Administrator of the Small Business Administration in car-rying out this section, including coordi-nating the development of criteria and selec-tion of proposals. 
‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sec-
tion, the term ‘eligible entity’ means an en-tity described in section 199(b)(1)(B) (or a consortium of any of such entities) in part-nership with at least 1 local or regional eco-nomic development entity described in para-graph (2). 
‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL PARTNERS .—Local or re-
gional economic development entities de-scribed in this paragraph are the following: 
‘‘(A) Small business development centers. ‘‘(B) Women’s business centers. ‘‘(C) Regional innovation clusters. ‘‘(D) Local accelerators or incubators. ‘‘(E) State or local economic development 
agencies. 
‘‘(c) A
PPLICATION .—An eligible entity seek-
ing a grant under this section shall submit an application containing a grant proposal in such manner and containing such informa-tion as the Secretaries and the Adminis-trator of the Small Business Administration 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:28 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY6.047 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3083 May 19, 2015 
shall require. Such information shall include 
a description of the manner in which small business and entrepreneurship training (in-cluding education) will be provided, the role of partners in the arrangement involved, and the manner in which the proposal will inte-grate local economic development resources and partner with local economic develop-ment entities. 
‘‘(d) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Grant funds awarded 
under this section shall be used to provide training in starting a small business and en-trepreneurship, including through online courses, intensive seminars, and comprehen-sive courses. 
‘‘SEC. 199D. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—There are authorized to 
be appropriated— 
‘‘(1) such sums as may be necessary to 
carry out the program established by section 199; 
‘‘(2) such sums as may be necessary to 
carry out the program established by section 199A; 
‘‘(3) such sums as may be necessary to 
carry out the program established by section 199B; and 
‘‘(4) such sums as may be necessary to 
carry out the program established by section 199C. 
‘‘(b) R
ECIPIENT .—For each amount appro-
priated under paragraphs (1) through (4) of subsection (a), 50 percent shall be appro-priated to the Secretary of Labor and 50 per-cent shall be appropriated to the Secretary of Education. 
‘‘(c) A
DMINISTRATIVE COST.—Not more than 
5 percent of the amounts made available under paragraph (1), (2), (3), or (4) of sub-section (a) may be used by the Secretaries to administer the program described in that paragraph, including providing technical as-sistance and carrying out evaluations for the program described in that paragraph. 
‘‘(d) P
ERIOD OF AVAILABILITY .—Except as 
provided in section 199A(d), the funds appro-priated pursuant to subsection (a) for a fiscal year shall be available for Federal obligation for that fiscal year and the succeeding 2 fis-cal years. 
‘‘SEC. 199E. INTERAGENCY AGREEMENT. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Labor 
and the Secretary of Education shall jointly develop policies for the administration of this subtitle in accordance with such terms as the Secretaries shall set forth in an inter-agency agreement. Such interagency agree-ment, at a minimum, shall include a descrip-tion of the respective roles and responsibil-ities of the Secretaries in carrying out this subtitle (both jointly and separately), in-cluding— 
‘‘(1) how the funds available under this 
subtitle will be obligated and disbursed and compliance with applicable laws (including regulations) will be ensured, as well as how the grantees will be selected and monitored; 
‘‘(2) how evaluations and research will be 
conducted on the effectiveness of grants awarded under this subtitle in addressing the education and employment needs of workers, and employers; 
‘‘(3) how technical assistance will be pro-
vided to applicants and grant recipients; 
‘‘(4) how information will be disseminated, 
including through electronic means, on best practices and effective strategies and service delivery models for activities carried out under this subtitle; and 
‘‘(5) how policies and processes critical to 
the successful achievement of the education, training, and employment goals of this sub-title will be established. 
‘‘(b) T
RANSFER AUTHORITY .—The Secretary 
of Labor and the Secretary of Education shall have the authority to transfer funds be-tween the Department of Labor and the De-
partment of Education to carry out this sub-title in accordance with the agreement de-scribed in subsection (a). The Secretary of Labor and the Secretary of Education shall have the ability to transfer funds to the Sec-retary of Commerce and the Administrator of the Small Business Administration to carry out sections 199B and 199C, respec-tively. 
‘‘(c) R
EPORTS .—The Secretary of Labor and 
the Secretary of Education shall jointly de-velop and submit a biennial report to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives, describing the ac-tivities carried out under this subtitle and the outcomes of such activities. 
‘‘SEC. 199F. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘For purposes of this subtitle: ‘‘(1) C
OMMUNITY COLLEGE .—The term ‘com-
munity college’ has the meaning given the term ‘junior or community college’ in sec-tion 312(f) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1058(f)). 
‘‘(2) N
ONTRADITIONAL STUDENT .—The term 
‘nontraditional student’ has the meaning given the term in section 803(j) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1161c(j)). 
‘‘(3) R
ECOGNIZED POSTSECONDARY CREDEN -
TIAL.—The term ‘recognized postsecondary 
credential’ means a credential consisting of— 
‘‘(A) an industry-recognized certificate; ‘‘(B) a certificate of completion of an ap-
prenticeship registered under the Act of Au-gust 16, 1937 (commonly known as the ‘Na-tional Apprenticeship Act’; 50 Stat. 664, chapter 663; 29 U.S.C. 50 et seq.); or 
‘‘(C) an associate or baccalaureate degree. ‘‘(4) S
ECRETARIES .—The term ‘Secretaries’ 
means the Secretary of Labor and the Sec-retary of Education.’’. 
(c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of 
contents for the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act is amended by inserting after the items relating to subtitle E of title I the following: 
‘‘Subtitle F—Community College to Career 
Fund 
‘‘Sec. 199. Community college and industry 
partnerships program. 
‘‘Sec. 199A. Pay-for-Performance and Pay- 
for-Success job training projects. 
‘‘Sec. 199B. Bring jobs back to America 
grants. 
‘‘Sec. 199C. Grants for entrepreneur and 
small business startup training. 
‘‘Sec. 199D. Authorization of appropriations. ‘‘Sec. 199E. Interagency agreement. ‘‘Sec. 199F. Definitions.’’. 
SA 1387. Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for him-
self and Ms. M URKOWSKI ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of section 111(6)(B), add the fol-
lowing: 
(viii) The Agreement on Port State Meas-
ures to Prevent, Deter and Eliminate Illegal, Unreported and Unregulated Fishing of the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations. 
SA 1388. Ms. WARREN (for herself, 
Ms. B ALDWIN , and Mr. S ANDERS ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be 
proposed to amendment SA 1221 pro-posed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 
1314, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to ad-verse determinations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the end of section 106(b), add the fol-
lowing: 
(7) F OR AGREEMENTS THAT DO NOT COMBAT  
HUMAN TRAFFICKING .—The trade authorities 
procedures shall not apply to an imple-menting bill submitted with respect to a trade agreement entered into under section 103(b) with a country that— 
(A) does not have in effect laws prohib-
iting, in a manner similar to the prohibition under section 1597 of title 18, United States Code, an employer from knowingly destroy-ing, concealing, removing, confiscating, or possessing an actual or purported passport or other travel documentation of an employee; or 
(B) the Secretary of State recommends in 
the most recent annual report on trafficking in persons submitted under section 110(b)(1) of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7107(b)(1)) should improve the enforcement of such laws. 
SA 1389. Mr. SANDERS submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title I, add the 
following: 
SEC. 1 lll . DRUG IMPORTATION. 
(a) P ROMULGATION OF REGULATIONS .—The 
trade authorities procedures shall not apply to an implementing bill submitted with re-spect to a trade agreement or trade agree-ments entered into under section 103(b) until the Secretary of Health and Human Services promulgates regulations under section 804(b) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 384(b)). 
(b) A
MENDMENTS TO FFDCA.—Section 
804(a)(1) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cos-metic Act (21 U.S.C. 384(a)(1)) is amended, by striking ‘‘pharmacist or wholesaler’’ and in-serting ‘‘pharmacist, wholesaler, or the head of a relevant agency of the Federal Govern-ment’’. 
(c) P
RESCRIPTION DRUG IMPORTATION .—The 
principal negotiating objective of the United States regarding the importation of prescrip-tion drugs is to permit the importation of such drugs from any country that is a party to a trade agreement with the United States, pursuant to section 804 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 384). 
SA 1390. Mr. FRANKEN (for himself, 
Mr. B ROWN , and Ms. B ALDWIN ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 pro-posed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 
1314, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to ad-verse determinations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:28 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY6.047 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3084 May 19, 2015 
On page 24, line 10, strike ‘‘sustained or re-
curring’’. 
SA 1391. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In section 102(a), add at the end the fol-
lowing: 
(13) to advance the goal of improving the 
social and economic status of women and achieving gender equality by promoting the adoption of international standards to re-duce gender-based violence in the workplace. 
SA 1392. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 112. SENSE OF THE SENATE ON RATIFICA-
TION OF THE ILO CONVENTION NO. 111 ON DISCRIMINATION IN EMPLOY-MENT AND OCCUPATION. 
It is the sense of the Senate that— 
(1) trading partners of the United States 
should pursue policies designed to promote equality of opportunity and treatment with a view toward eliminating discrimination in employment and occupation; 
(2) it should be the policy of the United 
States to reaffirm the commitment of the United States to eliminating any distinc-tion, exclusion, or preference that has the ef-fect of nullifying or impairing equality of op-portunity or treatment in employment or oc-cupation, including on the basis of race, sex, or religion; and 
(3) the Senate should move promptly to ap-
prove a resolution of ratification of ILO Con-vention No. 111 on Discrimination in Em-ployment and Occupation, one of the 8 core conventions of the ILO, which has been rati-fied by 172 of the 185 member countries of the ILO. 
SA 1393. Mr. FLAKE (for himself, Mr. 
MCCAIN, Mr. S CHUMER , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , 
Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. V ITTER , and Mr. 
TOOMEY ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the 
bill H.R. 1314, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relat-ing to adverse determinations of tax- exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
TITLE III—MISCELLANEOUS 
SEC. 301. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON RECRUITING 
MEMBERS SEPARATING FROM THE ARMED FORCES TO SERVE AS U.S. CUSTOMS AND BORDER PROTEC-TION OFFICERS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-
lowing findings: 
(1) U.S. Customs and Border Protection of-
ficers carry out critical law enforcement du-ties at ports of entry associated with screen-ing— (A) foreign visitors to the United States; 
(B) citizens of the United States who are 
returning to the United States; and 
(C) cargo imported into the United States. (2) It is in the national interest of the 
United States for ports of entry to be ade-quately staffed with U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection officers. 
(3) The Consolidated Appropriations Act, 
2014 (Public Law 113–76) provided funding to hire and complete the training of 2,000 new U.S. Customs and Border Protection officers by the end of fiscal year 2015. 
(4) The hiring and training of officers de-
scribed in paragraph (3) has been moving for-ward more slowly than anticipated. 
(5) It is estimated that approximately 
250,000 to 300,000 individuals undergo dis-charge or release from the Armed Forces each year, some of whom will have skills transferable to the law enforcement duties required at ports of entry and be qualified to serve as U.S. Customs and Border Protection officers. 
(b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the Sense of 
Congress that additional recruiting efforts should be undertaken to ensure that individ-uals undergoing discharge or release from the Armed Forces are aware of opportunities for employment as U.S. Customs and Border Protection officers. 
SA 1394. Mr. LANKFORD submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike sections 208 through 212 and insert 
the following: 
SEC. 208. DISQUALIFICATION ON RECEIPT OF 
DISABILITY INSURANCE BENEFITS IN A MONTH FOR WHICH UNEM-PLOYMENT COMPENSATION IS RE-CEIVED. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 223(d)(4) of the 
Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 423(d)(4)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(C)(i) If for any week in whole or in part 
within a month an individual is paid or de-termined to be eligible for unemployment compensation, such individual shall be deemed to have engaged in substantial gain-ful activity for such month. 
‘‘(ii) For purposes of clause (i), the term 
‘unemployment compensation’ means— 
‘‘(I) ‘regular compensation’, ‘extended 
compensation’, and ‘additional compensa-tion’ (as such terms are defined by section 205 of the Federal-State Extended Unemploy-ment Compensation Act (26 U.S.C. 3304 note)); and 
‘‘(II) trade adjustment assistance under 
title II of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2251 et seq.).’’. 
(b) T
RIAL WORKPERIOD .—Section 222(c) of 
the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 422(c)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(6)(A) For purposes of this subsection, an 
individual shall be deemed to have rendered services in a month if the individual is enti-tled to unemployment compensation for such month. 
‘‘(B) For purposes of subparagraph (A), the 
term ‘unemployment compensation’ means— 
‘‘(i) ‘regular compensation’, ‘extended com-
pensation’, and ‘additional compensation’ (as such terms are defined by section 205 of the Federal-State Extended Unemployment Compensation Act (26 U.S.C. 3304 note)); and 
‘‘(ii) trade adjustment assistance under 
title II of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2251 et seq.).’’. (c) D
ATAMATCHING .—The Commissioner of 
Social Security shall implement the amend-ments made by this section using appro-priate electronic data. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply with respect to individuals who initially apply for dis-ability insurance benefits on or after Janu-ary 1, 2016. 
SA 1395. Mr. DAINES submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 112. PROTECTION OF INDIAN EXPORTS AND 
TREATY RIGHTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Any trade agreement for 
which negotiations are conducted under this title shall ensure that— 
(1) goods of or for the benefit of Indian 
tribes may be exported through ports in the United States; 
(2) Indian treaty rights are protected; and (3) goods of or for the benefit of Indian 
tribes have the opportunity to compete in the world market. 
(b) C
ONFLICTING INTERESTS .—If different In-
dian tribes have conflicting interests under subsection (a), the head of an appropriate Federal agency, as designated by the Presi-dent, shall act to resolve that conflict. 
(c) I
NDIAN TRIBE DEFINED .—In this section, 
the term ‘‘Indian tribe’’ has the meaning given that term in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assist-ance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b). 
SA 1396. Mr. COONS (for himself and 
Ms. A YOTTE ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the 
bill H.R. 1314, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relat-ing to adverse determinations of tax- exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of the bill, add the following: 
TITLE III—MANUFACTURING SKILLS ACT 
OF 2015 
SEC. 301. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Manufac-
turing Skills Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 302. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘‘eligible 
entity’’ means a State or a metropolitan area. 
(2) I
NSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .—The 
term ‘‘institution of higher education’’ means each of the following: 
(A) An institution of higher education, as 
defined in section 101(a) of the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001(a)). 
(B) A postsecondary vocational institution, 
as defined in section 102(c) of such Act (20 U.S.C. 1002(c)). 
(3) M
ANUFACTURING SECTOR .—The term 
‘‘manufacturing sector’’ means a manufac-turing sector classified in code 31, 32, or 33 of the most recent version of the North Amer-ican Industry Classification System devel-oped under the direction of the Office of Management and Budget. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:28 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY6.049 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3085 May 19, 2015 
(4) M ETROPOLITAN AREA .—The term ‘‘met-
ropolitan area’’ means a standard metropoli-tan statistical area, as designated by the Di-rector of the Office of Management and Budget. 
(5) P
ARTNERSHIP .—The term ‘‘Partnership’’ 
means the Manufacturing Skills Partnership established in section 311(a). 
(6) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means each 
of the several States of the United States, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Dis-trict of Columbia, Guam, American Samoa, the United States Virgin Islands, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Is-lands. 
Subtitle A—Manufacturing Skills Program 
SEC. 311. MANUFACTURING SKILLS PROGRAM. 
(a) M ANUFACTURING SKILLS PARTNERSHIP .— 
The Secretary of Commerce, Secretary of Labor, Secretary of Education, Secretary of the Department of Defense, and Director of the National Science Foundation shall joint-ly establish a Manufacturing Skills Partner-ship consisting of the Secretaries and the Di-rector, or their representatives. The Partner-ship shall— 
(1) administer and carry out the program 
established under this subtitle; 
(2) establish and publish guidelines for the 
review of applications, and the criteria for selection, for grants under this subtitle; and 
(3) submit an annual report to Congress 
on— 
(A) the eligible entities that receive grants 
under this subtitle; and 
(B) the progress such eligible entities have 
made in achieving the milestones identified in accordance with section 312(b)(2)(H). 
(b) P
ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—From amounts appro-
priated to carry out this subtitle, the Part-nership shall award grants, on a competitive basis, to eligible entities to enable the eligi-ble entities to carry out their proposals sub-mitted in the application under section 312(b)(2), in order to promote reforms in workforce education and skill training for manufacturing in the eligible entities. 
(2) G
RANT DURATION .—A grant awarded 
under paragraph (1) shall be for a 3-year pe-riod, with grant funds under such grant dis-tributed annually in accordance with sub-section (c)(2). 
(3) S
ECOND GRANTS .—If amounts are made 
available to award grants under this subtitle for subsequent grant periods, the Partner-ship may award a grant to an eligible entity that previously received a grant under this subtitle after such first grant period expires. The Partnership shall evaluate the perform-ance of the eligible entity under the first grant in determining whether to award the eligible entity a second grant under this sub-
title. 
SEC. 312. APPLICATION AND AWARD PROCESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—An eligible entity that 
desires to receive a grant under this subtitle shall— 
(1) establish a task force, consisting of 
leaders from the public, nonprofit, and man-ufacturing sectors, representatives of labor organizations, representatives of elementary schools and secondary schools, and rep-resentatives of institutions of higher edu-cation, to apply for and carry out a grant under this subtitle; and 
(2) submit an application at such time, in 
such manner, and containing such informa-tion as the Partnership may require. 
(b) A
PPLICATION CONTENTS .—The applica-
tion described in subsection (a)(2) shall in-clude— 
(1) a description of the task force that the 
eligible entity has assembled to design the proposal described in paragraph (2); 
(2) a proposal that— (A) identifies, as of the date of the applica-
tion— (i) the current strengths of the State or 
metropolitan area represented by the eligi-ble entity in manufacturing; and 
(ii) areas for new growth opportunities in 
manufacturing; 
(B) identifies, as of the date of the applica-
tion, manufacturing workforce and skills challenges preventing the eligible entity from expanding in the areas identified under subparagraph (A)(ii), such as— 
(i) a lack of availability of— (I) strong career and technical education; (II) educational programs in science, tech-
nology, engineering, or mathematics; or 
(III) a skills training system; or (ii) an absence of customized training for 
existing industrial businesses and sectors; 
(C) identifies challenges faced within the 
manufacturing sector by underrepresented and disadvantaged workers, including vet-erans, in the State or metropolitan area rep-resented by the eligible entity; 
(D) provides strategies, designed by the eli-
gible entity, to address challenges identified in subparagraphs (B) and (C) through tan-gible projects and investments, with the deep and sustainable involvement of manufac-turing businesses; 
(E) identifies and leverages innovative and 
effective career and technical education or skills training programs in the field of man-ufacturing that are available in the eligible entity; 
(F) leverages other Federal funds in sup-
port of such strategies; 
(G) reforms State or local policies and gov-
ernance, as applicable, in support of such strategies; and 
(H) holds the eligible entity accountable, 
on a regular basis, through a set of trans-parent performance measures, including a timeline for the grant period describing when specific milestones and reforms will be achieved; and 
(3) a description of the source of the 
matching funds required under subsection (d) that the eligible entity will use if selected for a grant under this subtitle. 
(c) A
WARD BASIS.— 
(1) S ELECTION BASIS AND MAXIMUM NUMBER  
OF GRANTS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Partnership shall 
award grants under this subtitle, by not ear-lier than January 1, 2015, and not later than 
March 31, 2015, to the eligible entities that submit the strongest and most comprehen-sive proposals under subsection (b)(2). 
(B) M
AXIMUM NUMBER OF GRANTS .—For any 
grant period, the Partnership shall award not more than 5 grants under this subtitle to eligible entities representing States and not more than 5 grants to eligible entities rep-resenting metropolitan areas. 
(2) A
MOUNT OF GRANTS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The Partnership shall 
award grants under this subtitle in an amount that averages, for all grants issued for a 3-year grant period, $10,000,000 for each year, subject to subparagraph (C) and para-graph (3). 
(B) A
MOUNT .—In determining the amount 
of each grant for an eligible entity, the Part-nership shall take into consideration the size of the industrial base of the eligible entity. 
(C) I
NSUFFICIENT APPROPRIATIONS .—For any 
grant period for which the amounts available to carry out this subtitle are insufficient to award grants in the amount described in sub-paragraph (A), the Partnership shall award grants in amounts determined appropriate by the Partnership. 
(3) F
UNDING CONTINGENT ON PERFORMANCE .— 
In order for an eligible entity to receive funds under a grant under this subtitle for the second or third year of the grant period, the eligible entity shall demonstrate to the Partnership that the eligible entity has achieved the specific reforms and milestones required under the timeline included in the 
eligible entity’s proposal under subsection (b)(2)(H). 
(4) C
ONSULTATION WITH POLICY EXPERTS .— 
The Partnership shall assemble a panel of manufacturing policy experts and manufac-turing leaders from the private sector to serve in an advisory capacity in helping to oversee the competition and review the com-petition’s effectiveness. 
(d) M
ATCHING FUNDS .—An eligible entity 
receiving a grant under this subtitle shall provide matching funds toward the grant in an amount of not less than 50 percent of the costs of the activities carried out under the grant. Matching funds under this subsection shall be from non-Federal sources and shall be in cash or in-kind. 
SEC. 313. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—There are authorized to 
be appropriated to carry out this subtitle such sums as may be necessary for fiscal year 2016. 
(b) A
VAILABILITY .—Funds appropriated 
under this section shall remain available until expended. 
Subtitle B—Audit of Federal Education and 
Skills Training 
SEC. 321. AUDIT OF FEDERAL EDUCATION AND 
SKILLS TRAINING. 
(a) A UDIT.—By not later than March 31, 
2016, the Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology, acting through the Advanced Manufacturing National Pro-gram Office, shall conduct an audit of all Federal education and skills training pro-grams related to manufacturing to ensure that States and metropolitan areas are able to align Federal resources to the greatest ex-tent possible with the labor demands of their primary manufacturing industries. In car-rying out the audit, the Director shall work with States and metropolitan areas to deter-mine how Federal funds can be more tailored to meet their different needs. 
(b) R
EPORT AND RECOMMENDATIONS .—By 
not later than March 31, 2016, the Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology shall prepare and submit a re-port to Congress that includes— 
(1) a summary of the findings from the 
audit conducted under subsection (a); and 
(2) recommendations for such legislative 
and administrative actions to reform the ex-isting funding for Federal education and skills training programs related to manufac-turing as the Director determines appro-priate. 
Subtitle C—Offset 
SEC. 331. RESCISSION OF DEPARTMENT OF 
LABOR FUNDS. 
(a) R ESCISSION OF FUNDS .—Notwith-
standing any other provision of law, an amount equal to the amount of funds made available to carry out subtitle A for a fiscal year shall be rescinded, in accordance with subsection (b), from the unobligated discre-tionary funds available to the Secretary from prior fiscal years. 
(b) R
ETURN OF FUNDS .—Notwithstanding 
any other provision of law, by not later than 15 days after funds are appropriated or made available to carry out subtitle A, the Direc-tor of the Office of Management and Budget shall— 
(1) identify from which appropriations ac-
counts available to the Secretary of Labor the rescission described in subsection (a) shall apply; and 
(2) determine the amount of the rescission 
that shall apply to each account. 
SA 1397. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:28 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY6.050 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3086 May 19, 2015 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to 
provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-
tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 100, between lines 20 and 21, insert 
the following: 
(7) F OR AGREEMENTS THAT UNDERMINE  
STATES AND LOCAL GOVERNMENTS .—The trade 
authorities procedures shall not apply to an implementing bill submitted with respect to a trade agreement entered into under section 103(b) that includes provisions that could subject policies of State or local govern-ments in the United States to claims by for-eign investors that would be decided outside the United States legal system. 
SA 1398. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 100, between lines 20 and 21, insert 
the following: 
(7) F OR AGREEMENTS THAT UNDERMINE THE  
PUBLIC AVAILABILITY OF INFORMATION ABOUT  
FOOD .—The trade authorities procedures 
shall not apply to an implementing bill sub-mitted with respect to a trade agreement en-tered into under section 103(b) that includes provisions that could limit the right of the United States to provide information to the public on food for sale in United States mar-kets, including through the use of non-discriminatory labeling requirements. 
SA 1399. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 44, strike lines 4 through 9, and in-
sert the following: 
(2) C ONDITIONS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—A trade agreement may 
be entered into under this subsection only if such agreement makes progress in meeting the applicable objectives described in sub-sections (a) and (b) of section 102 and the President satisfies the conditions set forth in sections 104 and 105. 
(B) P
ROHIBITION ON CERTAIN AGREEMENTS .— 
A trade agreement may be entered into under this subsection only if the agreement fully protects the right of the United States to require, in a nondiscriminatory manner, disclosure of the country of origin of food sold in the United States. 
SA 1400. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 44, strike lines 4 through 9, and in-
sert the following: (2) C ONDITIONS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—A trade agreement may 
be entered into under this subsection only if such agreement makes progress in meeting the applicable objectives described in sub-sections (a) and (b) of section 102 and the President satisfies the conditions set forth in sections 104 and 105. 
(B) P
ROHIBITION ON CERTAIN AGREEMENTS .— 
A trade agreement may be entered into under this subsection only if the agreement fully protects the right of the United States to provide information to the public on food for sale in United States markets, including through the use of nondiscriminatory label-ing requirements. 
SA 1401. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 100, between lines 20 and 21, insert 
the following: 
(7) F OR AGREEMENTS THAT UNDERMINE PRO -
TECTION OF THE ENVIRONMENT , PUBLIC HEALTH , 
AND CONSUMERS .—The trade authorities pro-
cedures shall not apply to an implementing bill submitted with respect to a trade agree-ment entered into under section 103(b) unless the agreement exempts policies for pro-tecting the environment, public health, and consumers from any investor-state dispute settlement provisions included in the agree-ment. 
SA 1402. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 100, between lines 20 and 21, insert 
the following: 
(7) F OR AGREEMENTS THAT UNDERMINE  
UNITED STATES SOVEREIGNTY .—The trade au-
thorities procedures shall not apply to an implementing bill submitted with respect to a trade agreement entered into under section 103(b) that includes provisions that could subject policies of the United States Govern-ment or any State or local government in the United States to claims by foreign inves-tors that would be decided outside the United States legal system. 
SA 1403. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 23, between lines 8 and 9, insert 
the following: 
(ii) adopts and maintains measures ensur-
ing a minimum wage that is appropriately comparable to the Federal minimum wage in the United States, taking into account the local cost of living and other factors, 
SA 1404. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. 
HATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 100, between lines 20 and 21, insert 
the following: 
(7) F OR AGREEMENTS THAT UNDERMINE THE  
PUBLIC AVAILABILITY OF INFORMATION ABOUT  
FOOD .—The trade authorities procedures 
shall not apply to an implementing bill sub-mitted with respect to a trade agreement en-tered into under section 103(b) that includes provisions that could limit the right of the United States to require, in a nondiscrim-inatory manner, disclosure of the country of origin of food sold in the United States. 
SA 1405. Mr. DONNELLY submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of section 106(a)(2)(A)(ii)(II), add 
the following: 
(ee) whether and how the agreement will 
increase production and employment in the United States and whether and how the agreement will increase the wages of work-ers in the United States. 
SA 1406. Mr. DONNELLY submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 119, between lines 20 and 21, insert 
the following: 
SEC. 204. CONSIDERATION OF TRAINING PRO-
GRAMS THAT LEAD TO RECOGNIZED POSTSECONDARY CREDENTIALS. 
Section 236(a) of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 
U.S.C. 2296(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(12) In approving training for adversely 
affected workers and adversely affected in-cumbent workers under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall give consideration to train-ing programs that lead to recognized post-secondary credentials and are aligned with in-demand occupations.’’. 
SA 1407. Mr. DONNELLY submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 112. REPORT ON IMPORTS OF STEEL. 
Not later than one year after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, and not less fre-quently than annually thereafter while this title is in effect, the Secretary of Commerce shall submit to Congress a report on imports 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:28 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY6.050 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3087 May 19, 2015 
into the United States of steel, including an 
analysis of, for the year preceding the sub-mission of the report— 
(1) any changes to the supply chain in the 
United States with respect to steel; 
(2) any changes to employment in the 
United States with respect to steel; and 
(3) the impact of imports into the United 
States of steel on the changes described in paragraphs (1) and (2). 
SA 1408. Mr. PAUL submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
TITLE III—FEDERAL RESERVE 
TRANSPARENCY 
SECTION 301. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Federal Re-
serve Transparency Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 302. AUDIT REFORM AND TRANSPARENCY 
FOR THE BOARD OF GOVERNORS OF THE FEDERAL RESERVE SYSTEM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 
714 of title 31, United States Code, or any other provision of law, an audit of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Federal reserve banks under sub-section (b) of such section 714 shall be com-pleted within 12 months of the date of enact-ment of this Act. 
(b) R
EPORT .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—A report on the audit re-
quired under subsection (a) shall be sub-mitted by the Comptroller General to the Congress before the end of the 90-day period beginning on the date on which such audit is completed and made available to the Speak-er of the House, the majority and minority leaders of the House of Representatives, the majority and minority leaders of the Senate, the Chairman and Ranking Member of the committee and each subcommittee of juris-diction in the House of Representatives and the Senate, and any other Member of Con-gress who requests it. 
(2) C
ONTENTS .—The report under paragraph 
(1) shall include a detailed description of the findings and conclusion of the Comptroller General with respect to the audit that is the subject of the report, together with such rec-ommendations for legislative or administra-tive action as the Comptroller General may determine to be appropriate. 
(c) R
EPEAL OF CERTAIN LIMITATIONS .—Sub-
section (b) of section 714 of title 31, United States Code, is amended by striking all after ‘‘in writing.’’. 
(d) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—Section 714 of title 31, United States 
Code, is amended by striking subsection (f). 
SEC. 303. AUDIT OF LOAN FILE REVIEWS RE-
QUIRED BY ENFORCEMENT AC-TIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Comptroller General 
of the United States shall conduct an audit of the review of loan files of homeowners in foreclosure in 2009 or 2010, required as part of the enforcement actions taken by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System against supervised financial institutions. 
(b) C
ONTENT OF AUDIT.—The audit carried 
out pursuant to subsection (a) shall consider, at a minimum— 
(1) the guidance given by the Board of Gov-
ernors of the Federal Reserve System to independent consultants retained by the su-pervised financial institutions regarding the procedures to be followed in conducting the file reviews; (2) the factors considered by independent 
consultants when evaluating loan files; 
(3) the results obtained by the independent 
consultants pursuant to those reviews; 
(4) the determinations made by the inde-
pendent consultants regarding the nature and extent of financial injury sustained by each homeowner as well as the level and type of remediation offered to each homeowner; and 
(5) the specific measures taken by the inde-
pendent consultants to verify, confirm, or rebut the assertions and representations made by supervised financial institutions re-garding the contents of loan files and the ex-tent of financial injury to homeowners. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than the end of the 
6-month period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller Gen-eral shall issue a report to the Congress con-taining all findings and determinations made in carrying out the audit required under sub-section (a). 
SA 1409. Mr. MERKLEY submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 100, between lines 20 and 21, insert 
the following: 
(7) F OR AGREEMENTS THAT SUBJECT UNITED  
STATES WORKERS TO UNFAIR COMPETITION ON  
THE BASIS OF WAGES .—The trade authorities 
procedures shall not apply to an imple-menting bill submitted with respect to a 
trade agreement entered into under section 103(b) unless the agreement— 
(A) establishes a minimum wage that each 
party to the agreement is required to estab-lish and maintain before the trade agree-ment is implemented; and 
(B) stipulates that the minimum wage re-
quired for each party to the agreement in-crease over time, to continuously reduce the disparity between the lowest and highest minimum wages paid by parties to the agree-ment. 
SA 1410. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1221 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 100, between lines 13 and 14, insert 
the following: 
(B) E XCEPTION .— 
(i) I NVOKING EXCEPTION .—If the Secretary 
of State submits to the appropriate congres-sional committees a letter stating that a country subject to subparagraph (A) has taken concrete actions to implement the principal recommendations in the most re-cent annual report on trafficking in persons, this paragraph shall not apply with respect to agreements with that country. 
(ii) C
ONTENT OF LETTER ; PUBLIC AVAIL -
ABILITY .—A letter submitted under clause (i) 
with respect to a country shall— 
(I) include a description of the concrete ac-
tions that the country has taken to imple-ment the principal recommendations de-scribed in clause (i); and 
(II) be made available to the public. (iii) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES DEFINED .—In this subparagraph, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional commit-
tees’’ means— 
(I) the Committee on Ways and Means and 
the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; and 
(II) the Committee on Finance and the 
Committee on Foreign Relations of the Sen-ate. 
SA 1411. Mr. HATCH proposed an 
amendment to the bill H.R. 1314, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an admin-istrative appeal relating to adverse de-terminations of tax-exempt status of certain organizations; as follows: 
In lieu of the text proposed to be stricken, 
insert the following: 
(11) F OREIGN CURRENCY MANIPULATION .—The 
principal negotiating objective of the United States with respect to unfair currency prac-tices is to seek to establish accountability through enforceable rules, transparency, re-porting, monitoring, cooperative mecha-nisms, or other means to address exchange rate manipulation involving protracted large scale intervention in one direction in the ex-change markets and a persistently under-valued foreign exchange rate to gain an un-fair competitive advantage in trade over other parties to a trade agreement, con-sistent with existing obligations of the United States as a member of the Inter-national Monetary Fund and the World Trade Organization. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 19, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SR–253 of the Russell Senate Office Building to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘FAA Reau-thorization: Air Traffic Control Mod-ernization and Reform.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Re-sources be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 19, 2015, 10 a.m., in room SD–366 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Finance be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 19, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD– 215 of the Dirksen Senate Office Build-ing to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘No Place to Grow Up: How to Safely Re-duce Reliance on Foster Care Group Homes.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-
ized to meet during the session of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:28 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY6.052 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3088 May 19, 2015 
Senate on May 19, 2015, at 2:45 p.m., to 
hold a hearing entitled ‘‘Nominations.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 19, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–430 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Over-sight of the Equal Employment Oppor-tunity Commission: Examining EEOC’s Enforcement and Litigation Pro-grams.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS AND  
ENTREPRENEURSHIP  
Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship be authorized to meet dur-ing the session of the Senate on May 19, 2015, at 2 p.m., in SR–428A Russell Senate Office Building to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘An Examination of Proposed Environment Regulation’s Impacts on America’s Small Busi-nesses.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Select Committee on Intelligence be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 19, 2015, at 2:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON CRIME AND TERRORISM  
Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, Sub-committee on Crime and Terrorism, be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on May 19, 2015, at 2:30 p.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Body Cameras: Can Technology Increase Protection for Law Enforcement Officers and the Pub-lic?’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON FISHERIES , WATER , AND 
WILDLIFE  
Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Sub-committee on Fisheries, Water, and Wildlife of the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on May 19, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–406 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘S. 1140, The Federal Water Quality Protection Act.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. NATIONAL SCHIZENCEPHALY 
AWARENESS DAY 
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 181, submitted earlier today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows. 
A resolution (S. Res. 181) designating May 
19, 2015, as ‘‘National Schizencephaly Aware-ness Day.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 181) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
SUPPORTING THE DESIGNATION 
OF MAY 14, 2015, AS THE DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE LAB-ORATORY DAY 
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 182. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 182) expressing the 
sense of the Senate that Defense laboratories have been, and continue to be, on the cutting edge of scientific and technological advance-ment and supporting the designation of May 14, 2015, as the ‘‘Department of Defense Lab-oratory Day.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 182) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, MAY 20, 
2015 
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 9:30 a.m., Wednesday, May 20; that following the prayer and 
pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; that following leader remarks, the Senate then resume con-sideration of H.R. 1314. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PROGRAM 
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, Senators 
should be aware that the filing dead-line for all first-degree amendments to both the underlying bill and the sub-stitute amendment is at 1 p.m. tomor-row. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, if there 
is no further business to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the pre-vious order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 8:15 p.m., adjourned until Wednes-day, May 20, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS 
Executive nominations received by 
the Senate: 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE 
UNITED STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. MICHAEL K. HANIFAN BRIG. GEN. DANIEL M. KRUMREI 
THE FOLLOWING ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE 
UNITED STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be brigadier general 
COLONEL HUGH T. CORBETT COLONEL ANDREW LAWLOR COLONEL RODERICK R. LEON GUERRERO COLONEL GERVASIO ORTIZ LOPEZ 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. WILLIAM C. MAYVILLE, JR. 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. JOSEPH E. TOFALO 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be brigadier general 
COLONEL MICHAEL S. CEDERHOLM COLONEL DENNIS A. CRALL COLONEL BRADFORD J. GERING COLONEL JAMES F. GLYNN COLONEL GREGORY L. MASIELLO COLONEL DAVID W. MAXWELL COLONEL STEPHEN M. NEARY COLONEL STEPHEN D. SKLENKA COLONEL ROGER B. TURNER, JR. COLONEL RICK A. URIBE 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:28 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A19MY6.054 S19MYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E743 May 19, 2015 
HONORING THE VETERANS OF THE 
MAY 19, 2015 EASTERN IOWA HONOR FLIGHT 
HON. DAVID LOEBSACK 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 19, 2015 
Mr. LOEBSACK. Mr. Speaker, today, over 
eighty Iowa veterans of World War II, the Ko-rean War and the Vietnam War will travel to our nation’s capital. Together, they will visit the monuments that were built in their honor by a grateful nation. 
For many, today will be the first time they 
will see the National World War II Memorial, the Korean War Veterans Memorial and the Vietnam War Memorial. I can think of no greater honor than to be able to greet them and thank Iowa’s—and our nation’s—heroes for their service to our country. 
That is why I am deeply honored to join 
them for their visit to the National World War II Memorial to personally thank these heroes for their service to our nation and to pay trib-ute to the incredible sacrifice they made for our country. 
We owe these heroes a debt of gratitude 
and the Honor Flight demonstrates that we as a state and as a country will never forget the debt we owe those who have worn our na-tion’s uniform. As a reminder of the service and sacrifice of the Greatest Generation, I am proud to have a piece of marble in my office from the quarry that was used to build the World War II Memorial. Our World War II, Ko-rean War and Vietnam War veterans rose to defend not just our nation, but the freedoms, democracy, and values that make our country the greatest nation on earth. They did so as one people and one country. Their sacrifices and determination in the face of great threats to our way of life are both humbling and inspir-ing. 
I am tremendously proud to welcome the 
Eastern Iowa Honor Flight and Iowa’s vet-erans of World War II, the Korean War and the Vietnam War to our nation’s capital today. On behalf of every Iowan I represent, I thank them for their service to our country. 
f 
HONORING THE TUSCUMBIA HIGH 
SCHOOL ACADEMIC TEAM 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 19, 2015 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to ask my colleagues to join me in con-gratulating the Tuscumbia High School Aca-demic Team on its Class 1 State Champion-ship win at the Missouri Scholar Bowl Tour-nament. 
These students and their coach should be 
commended for all of their hard work through-out this past year and for bringing home the state championship to their school and com-
munity. 
I ask you to join me in recognizing the 
Tuscumbia High School Academic Team for a job well done. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DOUG LAMBORN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 19, 2015 
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-
ably detained on account of a flight delay. Had I been present I would have voted ‘‘aye’’ on roll call vote 240, roll call vote 241, and roll call vote 242. 
f 
HONORING THE SERVICE OF VIR-
GINIA AIR NATIONAL GUARD BRIGADIER GENERAL WAYNE A. WRIGHT 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 19, 2015 
Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize and thank Brigadier General Wayne A. Wright for his 34 years of service to our na-tion and to congratulate him on his announced retirement. 
Brigadier General Wayne A. Wright retires 
as the Chief of Staff/Air Component Com-mander, Virginia Air National Guard, respon-sible for the command and control of 1,230 Virginia Air National Guard members, rep-resenting five organizations. Provided to the Governor and Adjutant General of Virginia, Air Guard military forces protect and defend the Commonwealth, and when activated to federal military duty, provide those same forces to the President of the United States. 
General Wright entered the United States 
Air Force and received his commission in 1981 after graduating from the University of South Carolina. He transitioned from active duty to the Georgia Air National Guard in 1992. General Wright has held various leader-ship and command positions at the squadron, group, wing and major command levels. His assignments involved operations and formal training of United States Air Force and allied Command and Control personnel. He also worked in the developmental and operational testing arena. General Wright is a Master Air Battle Manager with qualifications in six ground-based Command and Control systems including joint and allied systems. 
General Wright has been awarded the Le-
gion of Merit, Meritorious Service Medal (with 2 Bronze Oak Leaf Clusters), Air Force Com-mendation Medal (with 2 Bronze Oak Leaf Clusters), Army Commendation Medal, Air Force Achievement Medal (with 1 Bronze Oak Leaf Cluster), Air Force Outstanding Unit Award (with 2 Bronze Oak Leaf Clusters), Air 
Force Organizational Excellence Award, Com-bat Readiness Medal, National Defense Serv-ice Medal (with 1 Bronze Service Star), Global War on Terrorism Service Medal, Humani-tarian Service Medal, Air Force Overseas Rib-bon Short Tour, Air Force Overseas Ribbon Long Tour, Air Force Longevity Service Award Ribbon (with 1 Silver and 1 Bronze Oak Leaf Cluster), and the Air Force Training Ribbon. 
Brigadier General Wright has excelled 
throughout his distinguished career and I am honored to pay tribute to this Airman. I thank Wayne’s wife, Jeanette, and their daughter, Jessica and son in-law, Jeremy along with their children, Noah and Haley as well as their son Justin and his wife Caitlin for the many years they have supported Wayne while he served his country. I wish Wayne and Jea-nette Godspeed, and continued happiness as they start a new chapter in their lives. 
f 
HONORING JOAN ERIKSEN 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 19, 2015 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Joan Eriksen, who is completing twenty-one years of service on the Mendocino Lake Community College District Board of Trustees, where she has been a leader and driving force in a multitude of valuable com-munity projects and programs. 
Ms. Eriksen has diligently guided the college 
district in overcoming fiscal challenges during economic downturns and has been a powerful and consistent advocate for high-quality edu-cational opportunities for students in remote areas. She provided strong leadership to se-cure critical funding to develop and improve College facilities and stellar oversight in the construction of these projects. The permanent structures now housing classrooms and facili-ties for students in Willits and Lake County are in large part a result of her hard work. 
As a skilled relationship builder with the ex-
tended community and a valuable role model for new board members over the years of her service, Ms. Eriksen’s heartfelt commitment to Mendocino College and the Mendocino Lake Community College District—as well as its staff, students, and the community it serves— will leave a lasting impact for years to come. 
Mr. Speaker, it is fitting to honor and thank 
Joan Eriksen for her years of dedicated serv-ice to the students of Mendocino College and the Mendocino Lake Community College Dis-trict. On behalf of the many individuals she has served, I am privileged to express deep appreciation to Ms. Eriksen for her exemplary leadership, and convey to her best wishes as she pursues new endeavors. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:45 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY8.001 E19MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E744 May 19, 2015 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY 
OF NORTHWEST FLORIDA’S BE-LOVED ARTHUR MICHAEL ‘‘COACH MAC’’ M
CMILLION 
HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 19, 2015 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
to recognize the life and legacy of Northwest Florida’s beloved Arthur Michael ‘‘Coach Mac’’ McMillion. For more than 30 years, Coach Mac was a fixture in Northwest Florida ath-letics, helping to shape the lives of countless young men and women, and the Northwest Florida community mourns his passing. 
Born and raised in Eau Claire, Wisconsin, 
Coach Mac from a young age exemplified the hard work and dedication necessary to excel on the playing field. Following his successful playing career—during which he garnered All State honors in high school football and cap-tained his college team, the University of Eau Claire—Coach Mac and his wife Barb moved to Texas, where he began his coaching ca-reer. 
In 1985, Coach Mac and his family moved 
to Northwest Florida. For eight years, Coach Mac served as Head Coach in football, bas-ketball and weight lifting at Earnest Ward High School, before moving to Milton High School. Over the next 20 years, Coach Mac coached football and basketball at Milton, as well as starting the girls first weight lifting program. For the last ten years of his tenure at Milton High, Coach Mac led the Milton High football program as head coach. Coach Mac then began the next chapter in his life, moving to Hobbs Middle School where he worked as the Dean of Students until his passing. 
As anyone who has played sports can tell 
you, the best coaches are leaders both on and off the field, and Coach Mac epitomized these values. His goal as a coach and educator was to shape his students and players to be suc-cessful on the field and in their lives, and he has had an immeasurable influence on thou-sands of students over the years. Above all of the many accolades he earned as a player and coach, Coach Mac’s greatest joy in life was family, and to his family and friends he will always be remembered as a loving and devoted husband, father and grandfather. 
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the United States 
Congress, I am honored to recognize the life and legacy of Arthur Michael ‘‘Coach Mac’’ McMillion. My wife Vicki and I extend our heartfelt prayers and condolences to his wife Barb; four children, Amie, Missy, Mikey, and Tommy; four grandsons, Nate, Rhett, Jon and Luke; father and step-mother, Art and Ruth; sister, Beth; and the entire McMillion family. 
f 
RECOGNIZING JIM GARRETT; FAM-
ILY CHAMPION OF THE ALZ-HEIMER’S ASSOCIATION 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 19, 2015 
Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Jim Garrett, a dedicated leader in the fight against Alzheimer’s. On Wednesday, June 10, 2015, Mr. Garrett will be honored by 
the Alzheimer’s Association as Family Cham-pion for his faithful leadership on the Associa-tion’s Board of Directors, and for his continued commitment to supporting the advancement of research for the treatment of this terrible dis-ease. 
The Alzheimer’s Association is a tremen-
dous organization that provides professionally staffed services and critical resources for Alz-heimer’s patients and their families. This orga-nization is largely funded by the altruism of people such as Jim Garrett, who in addition to being a natural caregiver is also a successful businessman, acting as Chairman of a well- known New England company, Rapid Refills. Jim Garrett’s public spirit can best be seen in his spearheading of the Purple Pump Up Pro-gram, which donates a certain percentage of Rapid Refills’ earnings to the Alzheimer’s As-sociation, promoting the continuation of re-search and treatment, and making a difference in the lives of all those affected by this dis-ease. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me in honoring Jim 
Garrett on this day for his tremendous con-tributions to the Alzheimer’s Association, and his efforts in the fight against Alzheimer’s dis-ease. 
f 
HONORING THE MEMORY OF 
MANDIE DELL AARON NIXON 
HON. DAVID SCOTT 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 19, 2015 
Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise on this occasion to first of all say how much I appreciate this opportunity to address my colleagues and the Nation and to talk for just a few moments about a loving and caring woman, Mrs. Mandie Dell Aaron Nixon. 
Mandie Dell Aaron Nixon passed away a 
few days ago. She was a special woman, and a dedicated worker for the Lord. She loved lift-ing up the name of Jesus, praising him with all her heart. She let her light shine. 
Mandie Dell Aaron Nixon was born in Cam-
den, Alabama, to the late Reverend Henry Aaron and missionary, Mariah Aaron. Being born in a Christian home, she accepted the Lord into her heart at a very early age. Mandie was a loving wife, sister, and mother to her five children. She is survived by two children, three sisters, and a host of five generations of grandchildren. Her entire beloved family mourns this hour. 
But let me just say, Mr. Speaker, that not 
only her family mourns, for this caring woman touched many lives. During her journey here on Earth, Mandie loved with her whole heart. She was active in her church community, even President of the Mother’s Board for many years. She always had something nice to say about everyone. When she looked at you, she always saw the best in you, and would make sure to impart words of encouragement and wisdom. 
Mr. Speaker, this is a dedicated woman and 
one who was humble and humbled herself be-fore God, and understood not only who she was but whose she was. 
And so I just want to rise this afternoon to 
say these few words about this generous, lov-ing woman, Mandie Dell Aaron Nixon. Let me just say in conclusion, Mr. Speaker, God bless 
Mandie Dell Aaron Nixon. She fought the good fight, she finished her race, and she kept the faith. And most of all, she will be truly missed by many. 
f 
HONORING THE PARTICIPANTS IN 
THE 2015 CONGRESSIONAL ART COMPETITION 
HON. RODNEY P. FRELINGHUYSEN 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 19, 2015 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, once 
again, I come to the floor to recognize the great success of strong local schools working with dedicated parents and teachers. I rise today to congratulate and honor a number of outstanding high school artists from the 11th Congressional District of New Jersey. Each of these talented young men and women partici-pated in the 2015 Congressional Art Competi-tion. Their works of art are exceptional. 
Fifty-seven participated. That is a wonderful 
response, and I would very much like to build on that participation for future competitions. 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to congratulate the 
winners of our art competition. First place was awarded to Camila Rosario from Wayne Val-ley High School for her Colored Pencil artwork entitled, ‘‘Joy and Innocence of Childhood.’’ Second place was awarded to Melissa Danitz from Chatham High School for her Oil on Can-vas artwork titled ‘‘Colors on a City Street.’’ Third place was awarded to Jamilynn Rose from Hanover Park High School for her Prisma Pencil on black paper artwork titled ‘‘Sonic Boom.’’ 
Honorable Mentions were awarded to: Nat-
alie Almonte from Boonton High School for her Arcylic artwork titled ‘‘Girl with the Silver Earrings’’ and Jason Levine from Livingston High School for his Digital artwork titled ‘‘Grav-ity.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize each 
artist for their participation by indicating their high school, their name, and the title of their contest entries. 
BOONTON HIGH SCHOOL  
Natalie Almonte, Boonton, ‘‘Girl with the 
Silver Earrings 
Karyn Hansen, ‘‘Art Dreams’’ Perri Phelps, ‘‘Girl With Red Hair’’ Carla Garcia, ‘‘As You See Me’’ 
CHATHAM HIGH SCHOOL  
Phoebe Nichols, ‘‘Scratchboard Portrait’’ 
Melissa Danitz, ‘‘Colors on a City Street’’ Sofie Michalak, ‘‘Toothbrush’’ 
HANOVER PARK HIGH SCHOOL  
Jamilynn Rose, ‘‘Sonic Boom’’ 
Laura Romanski, ‘‘Spring’’ Alexandra Eveland, ‘‘Candle Sticks’’ Matt Einloth, ‘‘The Big Apple’’ 
JEFFERSON TOWNSHIP HIGH SCHOOL  
Courtney Weber, ‘‘Bryant Park’’ 
Christopher Best, ‘‘Autumn Colonial’’ Olivia Lisa, ‘‘Horseshoe Lake’’ 
LIVINGSTON HIGH SCHOOL  
Kristin Leechow, ‘‘Artistic Freedom’’ 
Jason Levine, ‘‘Gravity’’ Sorasicha Nithikasem, ‘‘July in America’’ Lucas Ochoa ‘‘Wired’’ 
MONTCLAIR HIGH SCHOOL  
Hannah Brown, ‘‘Seven Turtles’’ 
Katelyn Hall, ‘‘People Watching’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:45 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K19MY8.006 E19MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E745 May 19, 2015 
Jane Boehlert ‘‘Dorm Room’’ 
MONTVILLE TOWNSHIP HIGH SCHOOL  
Rachel Higgins ‘‘Into the Sea’’ 
Lianne Pflug, ‘‘Music to My Ears’’ Leigh Deitz, ‘‘Fugitive’’ 
MORRIS CATHOLIC HIGH SCHOOL  
Sabrina Huresky, ‘‘Random Items Name-
plate’’ 
Zoe Yin, ‘‘View of China’’ Leo Lin, ‘‘Satellite View of Capital’’ 
MORRIS KNOLLS HIGH SCHOOL  
Raelle D’Aitilio, ‘‘Buying Time’’ 
Olivia Kuchta, ‘‘Mirror, Mirror’’ Chiyere Emili, ‘‘African Culture’’ 
MOUNTAIN LAKES HIGH SCHOOL  
Joy Xie, ‘‘Under the Sunlight’’ 
Yian Wang, ‘‘Fish Snack’’ 
NUTLEY HIGH SCHOOL  
Deana DiLauri, ‘‘Outside the Box’’ 
Cassandra Rebutoc, ‘‘Pop the Pink!’’ Leticia Donato, ‘‘Summer Sun’’ Patricia Bobila, ‘‘Among the Autumn 
Leaves’’ 
PASSAIC VALLEY HIGH SCHOOL  
Victoria Phillips, ‘‘Rule of Rose’’ 
Lindsey Heale, ‘‘In the Studio’’ 
PARSIPPANY CHRISTIAN SCHOOL  
Daniel McMillen, ‘‘Coil’’ 
Tamia McNab, ‘‘Artist Den’’ Nicholas McMillen, ‘‘Soulness’’ Carolina Sachno, ‘‘Go Fish’’ 
RANDOLPH HIGH SCHOOL  
Olivia Lawler, ‘‘My Childhood’’ 
SPARTA HIGH SCHOOL  
Domari Thomas, ‘‘Survival’’ 
Mitch Coyle; ‘‘3 Seasons’’ Kacey Campbell, ‘‘Self Portrait’’ Madeline Abatemarco, ‘‘Fantasy Scape’’ 
WAYNE VALLEY HIGH SCHOOL  
Camila Rosario, ‘‘Joy and Innocence of 
Childhood’’ 
Lilit Balagyozyan, ‘‘Cautionary Tale’’ Lauren Valledor, ‘‘An Afternoon in Wash-
ington Square Park’’ 
Olivia Lozy, ‘‘Still Life of Pickle Bottles’’ 
WEST ESSEX REGIONAL HIGH SCHOOL  
Ariana Daly, ‘‘The Moment Winter Falls’’ 
WEST MORRIS MENDHAM HIGH SCHOOL  
Emma Jang, ‘‘Empty’’ 
Ryan Corbett ‘‘I Will Work to End Rac-
ism’’ 
WEST ORANGE HIGH SCHOOL  
Arlenis Roberts, ‘‘Elephant Hand Piece’’ 
WHIPPANY PARK HIGH SCHOOL  
Eric Kahn, ‘‘Hiding Behind Feathers’’ 
Shayna Miller, ‘‘Papilionoidea’’ 
Each year the winner of the competition has 
their art work displayed with other winners from across the country in a special corridor here at the U.S. Capitol. Thousands of our fel-low Americans walk through the exhibition and are reminded of the vast talents of our young men and women. Indeed, all of these young artists are winners, and we should be proud of their achievements so early in life. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join 
me in congratulating these talented young people from New Jersey’s 11th Congressional District. 
f 
HONORING WORLD WAR II FIGHT-
ER ACE DONALD M CPHERSON 
HON. ADRIAN SMITH 
OF NEBRASKA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 19, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate Donald McPherson of Adams, Nebraska, on receiving the Congres-
sional Gold Medal for his valiant service to our nation as an American Fighter Ace in World War II. 
Mr. McPherson is one of two surviving fight-
er aces in Nebraska. These brave pilots earned the title of fighter aces after shooting down five enemies in battle. Mr. McPherson earned three Distinguished Flying Crosses and four Air Medals while assigned to fighter squadron VF–83 aboard the U.S.S. Essex in 
the Pacific. In his F6F Hellcat, Mr. McPherson directly faced our enemies in the skies to de-fend our country and preserve our liberty. 
As Memorial Day approaches, we remem-
ber our fallen and honor those still with us who served beside them. The legacies of our selfless military heroes, including Mr. McPher-son, must be celebrated and protected for fu-ture generations to understand the true cost of freedom. 
On behalf of the people of Nebraska’s Third 
District, I thank Mr. McPherson for his service to our country and congratulate him on his Congressional Gold Medal recognition this week. 
f 
A PATHWAY TO FREEDOM: RES-
CUE AND REFUGE FOR VICTIMS OF SEX TRAFFICKING 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 19, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I 
recently chaired a hearing focusing on the fight against human trafficking—an insidious human rights abuse that thrives in an environ-ment of secrecy, of silence, and of a mindset that says that it is somebody else’s problem. 
The truth of the matter is that combating 
modern-day slavery is everybody’s business. We are all in this together. Cooperation and coordination are key to mitigating—and some-day ending—this pervasive cruelty. 
Significant progress has been made since I 
authored landmark legislation—the Trafficking Victim’s Protection Act of 2000, or TVPA—to combat sex and labor trafficking in the United States and globally. When I first introduced the TVPA in 1998 however, I was repeatedly told by detractors that it was a ‘‘solution in search of a problem.’’ 
The Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 
2000, and its 2003 and 2005 reauthorizations, which I also authored, launched a bold new strategy that included sheltering, political asy-lum, and other protections for the victims; long jail sentences and asset confiscation for the traffickers; and tough sanctions for govern-ments that failed to meet minimum standards prescribed in the TVPA. 
And for the first time ever, the law recog-
nized the exploited as victims—not perpetra-tors of a crime. Since 2004, the TVPA has re-sulted in Anti-Human Trafficking Task Forces in 42 cities across the U.S. These task forces identify potential victims of human trafficking, coordinate local and federal law enforcement to rescue victims, assist with referrals for vic-tim care, and train law enforcement. 
Last week’s hearing concentrated on rescue 
and refuge. 
In January of 2000, I received actionable in-
formation that eight Ukrainian women were being exploited by sex traffickers in two bars 
in Montenegro. The women had been lured there with promises of legitimate work, then forced into prostitution. One desperate victim, however, called her mother for help using the phone of one of the men exploiting her. 
When informed, I immediately called the 
Prime Minister of Montenegro, Filip Vujanovic, who personally ordered an immediate raid on the bar. As a result, seven of the eight women were rescued and returned to their families in Ukraine. Tragically, the eighth woman was trafficked to Albania prior to the raid. 
We know that organized crime, street 
gangs, and pimps around the world have ex-panded into sex trafficking at an alarming rate. It is an extremely lucrative undertaking: a traf-ficker can make hundreds of thousands of dol-lars a year off just one victim. Unlike drugs or weapons, a human being can be held captive and sold into sexual slavery over and over again. Pornography and the devaluation of women are helping to drive demand. 
And while our Department of Justice and 
Department of Homeland Security works with law enforcement abroad in sting operations to catch American pedophile sex tourists and rescue victims where there is a nexus with the United States, they cannot conduct rescue op-erations or run investigations that fall outside their jurisdiction. 
Nevertheless, there still are victims—some-
one’s young son or daughter being cruelly ex-ploited. Into this gap steps non-governmental rescue operations. Some of the best are staffed by former Navy SEALs, ex-CIA agents, and even the occasional sitting member of State government. That is who we heard from last week—from witnesses that include a former CIA agent now involved in rescuing the most vulnerable, and a sitting state Attorney General. 
We also heard from a former member of the 
Mexican Congress who has fought trafficking her entire career. And we heard from a victim of trafficking, who told us about the impor-tance of refuge and rehabilitation following rescue. 
Operation Underground Railroad has made 
it their business, literally and figuratively, to identify children being sex trafficked in other countries, and then to partner with the relevant foreign government entities for the rescue and rehabilitation of these children. 
Operation Underground Railroad members 
frequently pose as American sex tourists who enlist traffickers to host sex parties for them— it is such a common occurrence in many Latin American nations that it provides the perfect cover for Operation Underground Railroad to lure the traffickers with the children for sale to a preset location, and then have the local au-thorities ready to bust the traffickers as well as rescue the children. Operation Underground Railroad also trains the local governments in how to conduct stings on traffickers, and on the rehabilitative needs of the trafficking vic-tims. 
Yet the magnitude of the problem remains 
huge. 
Worldwide, in the past two years, 80,000 
trafficking victims have been identified—a small percentage of the estimated 20.9 million victims in the world, but evidence that with a combination of encouragement, plus some persuasion and sustained pressure via sanc-tions imposed by the United States, countries are moving in the right direction. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:45 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K19MY8.009 E19MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E746 May 19, 2015 
Child traffickers cater to child predators—a 
crime that thrives on secrecy. In 1994, a young girl in my hometown was lured into the home of a convicted pedophile who lived across the street from her. Megan Kanka, seven, was raped and murdered. 
No one, including Megan Kanka’s parents, 
knew that their neighbor had been convicted of child sexual assault. The outrage over this tragedy led to enactment of Megan’s Law— public sex offender registries—in every state in the country. 
I thought up the idea for International 
Megan’s Law to Prevent Demand for Child Sex Trafficking (H.R. 515), already passed by the House and now pending in the U.S. Sen-ate, in a conversation with a trafficking in per-son’s delegation from Thailand during a meet-ing in my office in 2007. I asked what Thai of-ficials would do if we were to notify them of travel by a convicted pedophile. Each of the dozen officials said they would bar entry into their nation of such a predator. 
A primary way to fight child trafficking is to 
fight demand created by sex tourists, which is what International Megan’s Law does. We know from other official data that registered sex offenders are traveling disproportionately to countries where children are trafficked for sex. 
A deeply-disturbing 2010 report by the Gov-
ernment Accountability Office entitled ‘‘Current Situation Results in Thousands of Passports Issued to Registered Sex Offenders’’ found that at least 4,500 U.S. passports were issued to registered sex offenders in fiscal year 2008 alone. 
International Megan’s Law seeks to protect 
children from sex tourism by notifying destina-tion countries when convicted pedophiles plan to travel. And to protect American children, the bill encourages the President to use bilateral agreements and assistance to establish recip-rocal notification—so that we will know when convicted child-sex offenders are coming here. 
It is a primary duty of government to protect 
the weakest and most vulnerable among us from harm, but it also falls to each of us to watch for those who need the help of govern-ment, NGOs, and the faith community. 
Combatting trafficking is everybody’s busi-
ness, and we heard from witnesses involved in the war against trafficking. 
f 
HONORING MARY ANN LUTZ 
HON. GRACE F. NAPOLITANO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 19, 2015 
Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, I submit 
the following: 
Whereas, Mary Ann Lutz has ably served 
the citizens of Monrovia as Mayor for six years (2009–2015); and also was elected and served the citizens of Monrovia as a member of the City Council for six years (2003–2009); and 
Whereas, Mary Ann Lutz was a member of 
the Executive Committee of the San Gabriel Valley Council of Governments for the last four years; and provides guidance and coun-sel as President of the San Gabriel Valley Council of Governments; and 
Whereas, Mary Ann Lutz has provided lead-
ership for residents and fellow elected officials of the San Gabriel Valley with her commitment 
to regional government; and is recognized for her leadership and longtime advocacy for en-vironmental causes, energy conservation, eco-nomic development, and critical water supply issues; and 
Whereas, Mary Ann Lutz has championed 
the concerns of San Gabriel Valley residents regarding Storm Water Compliance and Miti-gation affordability while serving as a member of the United States Conference of Mayors; and has served as a representative to the Gold Line Phase II Joint Powers Authority and the Los Angeles County Sanitation Districts; and 
Whereas, Mary Ann Lutz has volunteered 
her time as a liaison to the Monrovia Unified School District and to the Monrovia Public Li-brary to promote educational achievement and the growth of literacy; and furthered edu-cational excellence by participating with the Youth Employment Service (YES!) and the Adult School/ROP & Santa Fe Middle School Adopt-a-School programs; and 
Whereas, Mary Ann Lutz’s leadership and 
selfless service will be missed greatly by all the cities of the San Gabriel Valley; and would be appropriate to recognize the outstanding accomplishments and longtime commitment to serving the citizens of Monrovia and the resi-dents of the San Gabriel Valley; and now, therefore, be it 
Recognized , That Mayor Mary Ann Lutz of 
Monrovia has had an enduring influence and given exceptional contributions to the State of California; and we applaud her selfless com-mitment to the well-being of Southern Cali-fornia families; and we encourage all to honor the leadership and service provided for San Gabriel Valley residents by this wonderful leader. 
f 
CONGRATULATING MAJOR 
STEPHEN J. BONNER 
HON. RODNEY DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 19, 2015 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to congratulate my constituent, Major Stephen J. Bonner of the U.S. Air Force, who has earned the Congressional Gold Medal for his distinguished service as an American fighter pilot with the Flying Tiger squadron in World War II. 
Growing up in the 1930’s during World War 
I, Major Bonner had always dreamt of becom-ing an ace. When he graduated from flight school in 1943, his dream came true when he was assigned to fly with the 76th Fighter Squadron in China, battling Japanese fighter pilots in his P–40 Warhawk. 
During his time with the Air Force, Major 
Bonner became a member of the American Fighter Aces, who have been renowned as our country’s most distinguished fighter pilots. In both World Wars, along with the Korean War, and the Vietnam War, these individuals have not only courageously defended our na-tion, but have also made outstanding achieve-ments in aerial combat. 
Major Bonner, now 96, lives with his daugh-
ter, Jane, just outside Carlinville in my district. I’m proud to congratulate Major Stephen Bon-ner for his outstanding accomplishments as an American Fighter Ace. The bravery and dedi-
cation he displayed as a pilot in World War II make him a very deserving recipient of the Congressional Gold Medal award, and I am proud to have such brave veterans like him in my district. Congratulations, Major Bonner. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY 
OF JAMES A. WELDON 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 19, 2015 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
with great sadness to pay tribute to my good friend, Mr. James (Jim) A. Weldon, who sadly passed away on May 13, 2015. 
Jim lived a life full of honor and compas-
sion. He joined the U.S. Navy in 1953 and proudly served his country for six years. After his time in the Navy, he joined his family in Ft. Lauderdale, Florida, where he began a career in the electrical industry and trained as an electrician. Jim went on to become a labor leader, following in the footsteps of his father, who had belonged to a painters union. For 38 years, Jim served as the leader of the Inter-national Brotherhood of Electrical Workers Local Union 728, where he fought tirelessly for the rights of all workers, including for the right to earn a livable wage. 
After 38 years leading Local Union 728, Jim 
retired. Of course, like so many people, we know how dedicated he was to the cause of helping others, Jim was not able to entirely re-tire from work that most assuredly filled his soul and his life with meaning. Therefore, in his retirement, he became the Vice President of the Florida Chapter of the Alliance for Re-tired Americans, where he continued to advo-cate for those who were in need of a voice. In addition to these immeasurable contributions to his community, Jim was also very proud to be listed on the honor roll of the Irish Cultural Institute of Florida and the Board of the Ft. Lauderdale Emerald Society. He also served his community as a Port Everglades Commis-sioner. 
Mr. Speaker, my thoughts and prayers are 
with Jim’s wife Gisela, as well as his two daughters, Kimberly and Kelly. I know that they are hurting, but I hope that they receive some comfort in knowing that their community grieves with them, as we all celebrate the life of a compassionate and dedicated man, Jim Weldon. 
f 
RECOGNIZING ROY A. DUMONT 
FOR HIS HONORABLE SERVICE TO THE NATION IN THE SECOND WORLD WAR AND HIS PATRIOT-ISM AND VALOR THEREIN 
HON. DANIEL T. KILDEE 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 19, 2015 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I ask the United 
States House of Representatives to join me in recognizing Mr. Roy A. Dumont for his honor-able service in the Second World War. 
Mr. Roy A. Dumont served the nation honor-
ably in the United States Army 87th Infantry 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:45 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K19MY8.011 E19MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E747 May 19, 2015 
Division, the ‘‘Golden Acorns,’’ from 1942 
through 1945. On this date, at the age of 92, Mr. Dumont traveled from his home in Flint, Michigan to Washington, D.C. in order to tour and pay homage at the World War II Memo-rial. To that effect, Mr. Dumont pays honor to the war to which he was a witness and re-members those known and unknown lost throughout the war. Therefore, he encourages all Americans to cherish and honor the sac-rifice borne by our men and women in uniform from all theaters and eras. 
Mr. Speaker, I applaud Mr. Roy Dumont for 
his service and unyielding commitment to the nation. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BLAKE FARENTHOLD 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 19, 2015 
Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, on roll call 
nos. 240 through 242 I missed these votes due to irregular flight operations on Sunday and a delayed flight on Monday. Had I been present, I would have voted Yes. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MRS. EDNA 
IVANS 
HON. DAVID G. VALADAO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 19, 2015 
Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Edna Ivans on her retirement after 48 years of working in the education sys-tem as a member of the West Hills Commu-nity College District Board of Trustees. 
Mrs. Ivans was raised in Delano, California 
before going on to attend the University of Southern California’s Pharmacy School. While studying for her degree, she met her husband, Nick Ivans. They would go on to settle in Avenal, California. 
Beginning in June of 1967, Mrs. Ivans be-
came an integral member of the West Hills Community College District (WHCCD) Board of Trustees. As the representative for Trustee Area 3, she was the force behind many projects that molded WHCCD into a success-ful, educational institution designed to serve the Central Valley’s needs. WHCCD honored Mrs. Ivans for her work by naming the wom-en’s residence hall at the West Hills College Coalinga campus Edna L. Ivans Hall. 
After 48 years of advocating on behalf of 
students and teachers alike, Mrs. Ivans retired on April 6, 2015. 
Educators and students throughout the Cen-
tral Valley of California have been extremely fortunate to have had someone as talented and dedicated as Mrs. Ivans working on their behalf to ensure a first rate education is within reach of everyone in the Central Valley. The Central Valley has benefitted greatly from her insight and perspective. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the 
United States House of Representatives to join me in commending Edna Ivans for her 48 years of dedicated public service as a Trustee for the West Hills Community College District and congratulating her on her recent retire-ment. PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BILL PASCRELL, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 19, 2015 
Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I want to 
state that on May 18, 2015, I was attending my grandson’s graduation ceremony in New Jersey and missed the three roll call votes of the day. Had I been present I would have voted: 
AYE—Roll Call No. 240—H.R. 91—Vet-
eran’s I.D. Card Act 
AYE—Roll Call No. 241—H.R. 1313—Serv-
ice Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business Relief Act 
AYE—Roll Call No. 242—H.R. 1382— 
Boosting Rates of American Veteran Employ-ment Act 
f 
RECOGNIZING ELK RIVER HIGH 
SCHOOL’S MOODY’S MEGA MATH CHALLENGE TEAM 
HON. TOM EMMER 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 19, 2015 
Mr. EMMER of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today in honor of the Elk River High School team that participated in the Moody’s Mega Math Challenge. Joe Evans, Chase Gauthier, Zach Glasgow, Jordan Haack, Peter Jones, and Coach Curt Michener took home the third place Cum Laude Team Prize. 
The Moody’s Mega Math Challenge is a 
competition that encourages participants to use applied mathematics to solve everyday problems. This year’s challenge problem re-quired the team to create a cost-benefit anal-ysis of higher education and degree choices. 
1,128 teams with more than 6,000 students 
entered the competition, but Elk River’s team was one of only six in the finals, and the only one from west of the Mississippi River. I am profoundly impressed by these students’ hard work and their interest in mathematics. They made the 6th District proud. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask this body join me in con-
gratulating Joe, Chase, Zach, Jordan, Peter, and Coach Michener on their impressive finish and on their academic accomplishments. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SGT. ERIC M. 
SEAMAN, USMC 
HON. KEN CALVERT 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 19, 2015 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor and pay tribute to an individual whose dedication and contributions to his country are exceptional. Throughout the history of our re-public we have asked young men and women to voluntarily step forward to guard and protect the freedoms we hold so dear. U.S. Marine Corps Sergeant Eric Matthew Seaman of Murrieta, California, took that step forward and assumed the duties, responsibilities and sac-rifices that are required of all Americans who join the finest military in history. Today I ask that the House of Representatives honor and 
remember this incredible young man who died in service to his country. 
As a decorated Marine Corps helicopter 
crew chief, Sgt. Seaman was called upon when a devastating earthquake ravaged the impoverished nation of Nepal. The disaster has killed more than 8,500 Nepalese citizens and destroyed more than half a million homes, many of which are in remote areas that are now cutoff from medical and food supplies due to landslides. Sgt. Seaman was selected to be a member of Joint Task Force 505, which was activated to support the government of Nepal by conducting humanitarian disaster relief op-erations. During the mission, Sgt. Seaman and other Task Force members distributed critical supplies to rural, hard to reach communities and provided impacted Nepalese people with the life sustaining supplies they so desperately needed. Tragically, on May 12, 2015, Sgt. Seaman, along with five other U.S. Marines and two Nepalese soldiers, died when their helicopter crashed during a supply mission in the Charikot region of Nepal. 
President Ronald Reagan said, ‘‘Some peo-
ple spend an entire lifetime wondering if they made a difference. The Marines don’t have that problem.’’ Sgt. Seaman embodies that sentiment and made invaluable contributions to the cause of liberty around the globe since joining the Marine Corps in 2009. Having de-ployed to Afghanistan and to Nepal, Sgt. Sea-man bravely put himself in harm’s way in order to carry out his mission, protect his country, and save the lives of innocent civil-ians. Those, Mr. Speaker, are the actions of a hero. 
Sgt. Seaman is survived by his wife, 
Samantha, as well as a young son and daugh-ter, and his parents, Bruce and Cheryl. The burdens and grief that they are left to endure 
are beyond calculation, but it is my hope that they can find some solace in knowing that their husband, father, and son served our country proudly and made truly life-saving contributions to people in tremendous need. Mr. Speaker, I know you and the entire House of Representatives join me in expressing my prayers and heartfelt condolences to Sgt. Sea-man’s family and friends. 
f 
THE INTRODUCTION OF THE NA-
TIONAL MALL REVITALIZATION AND DESIGNATION ACT 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 19, 2015 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, today, we will 
kick off the fourth season of ‘‘Lunchtime Music on the Mall,’’ which brings local and regional musicians to the National Mall to perform dur-ing the lunchtime hour, giving visitors and par-ticularly our federal and other office workers downtown a break from the pace of business in Washington and an opportunity to enjoy their National Mall. The performances, fea-turing amateur and professional city and re-gional residents, are sponsored by the Wash-ington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority, the D.C. Commission on the Arts and Humanities, the D.C. Department of Parks and Recreation, the Smithsonian Institution and the National Park Service (NPS), in conjunction with my of-fice. To preserve and enhance the National 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:45 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A19MY8.004 E19MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E748 May 19, 2015 
Mall, a priceless space, I am reintroducing the 
National Mall Revitalization and Designation Act. Until the Trust for the National Mall was established in 2007, the National Mall was Washington’s most neglected and underuti-lized federal property, despite being well- known and treasured. The Trust for the Na-tional Mall is already making a noteworthy and important difference, and its plan will give the Mall the majesty it deserves. In the meantime, there is much that can be done, from defining the Mall’s official identity for the first time to adding low-cost basic amenities. My bill au-thorizes the National Capital Planning Com-mission (NCPC) to expand the boundaries of the Mall where commemorative works may be located, requires NCPC to study the com-memorative works process, and requires the Secretary of the Interior to submit a plan with-in 180 days of passage to Congress to en-hance visitor enjoyment, amenities and cul-tural experiences on the Mall. 
I worked closely with NCPC and other agen-
cies in drafting the bill. The bill would give NCPC the responsibility and necessary flexi-bility to designate Mall areas for commemora-tive works and, for the first time, to expand the official Mall area when appropriate to accom-modate future commemorative works and cul-tural institutions. 
In addition, tourists and workers downtown 
should be able to walk to the Mall and find at-tractive tables and chairs in the shade where good—not fast—food is available. Residents of the city and region should be able to find space for fun and games on the Mall, beyond the space between Third Street and the Lin-coln Memorial. 
Bordered by world-class cultural institutions, 
the Mall need not continue to be reduced to a mere lawn with a few—too few—old, ordinary benches and a couple of fast food stands until the expansive work of the Trust for the Na-tional Mall is completed. The plan by the Sec-retary of the Interior required by the bill would ensure chairs and tables for people who bring lunch to the Mall and the presence of cultural amenities. The NPS has my thanks for imple-menting and indeed sponsoring the part of the bill that calls for cultural amenities with Lunch-time Music on the Mall, which begins today. Lunchtime Music on the Mall is a good start to bringing the Mall alive during the workday. With the necessary imagination, making the Mall an inviting place with cultural and other amenities is achievable now. 
The NCPC is well on its way to meeting the 
bill’s requirement for an expansive, 21st-cen-tury definition of the Mall, particularly now that the Trust for the National Mall is doing such important work. Frustrated by continually fight-ing off proposals for new monuments, muse-ums, and memorials on the already-crowded Mall space, I asked the NCPC to devise a Mall presentation plan. In 2003, Congress amended the Commemorative Works Act to create a reserve area—a no-build zone where new memorials may not be built. This action was helpful in quelling some but by no means all of the demand from groups for placement of commemorative works on what they view as the Mall. 
However, recognizing the need for more 
commemorative work sites, NCPC and the Commission on Fine Arts (CFA) released a National Capital Framework Plan in 2009, which identifies sites near the Mall that are suitable for new commemorative works, in-cluding East Potomac Park, the Kennedy Cen-
ter Plaza, and the new South Capitol gateway. Five new prestigious memorials are scheduled for such sites, including the Eisenhower Me-morial and the U.S. Air Force Memorial. I ap-preciate that NCPC and the CFA work closely with the District of Columbia in designating off- Mall sites for new commemorative works. The District welcomes the expanded Mall into our local neighborhoods to increase the number of tourists who visit them, enhancing the work of the District of Columbia government and local organizations such as Cultural Tourism that offer tours of historic District neighborhoods. The off-Mall sites for commemorative works also complement development of entirely new neighborhoods near the Mall, particularly with the passage of my bills that are redeveloping both the Southwest and Southeast water-fronts. 
I urge my colleagues to support this impor-
tant legislation. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-
TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
SPEECH OF  
HON. JAMES R. LANGEVIN 
OF RHODE ISLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 13, 2015 
The House in Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 1735) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes: 
Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chair, I want to first 
thank the Chairman, the Ranking Member, and the committee staff for their hard work and effort that the bill before us represents. I particularly want to express my sincere thanks to Chairman W
ILSON and the members of the 
Emerging Threats and Capabilities sub-committee for what I believe are very fine con-tributions to the final bill. These initiatives span a variety of important areas, including cyber-space programs and authorities; technology transition and reauthorization of the Rapid In-novation Program; and research, develop-ment, and integration of advanced tech-nologies such as railgun and directed energy. Also included in this legislation are critical pro-visions that address Special Operations, Counter-Terrorism, and Unconventional War-fare, including increasing Congressional over-sight of sensitive operations, and the threats posed at home and abroad by weapons of mass destruction. 
I also applaud the bill’s investment in criti-
cally important undersea capabilities such as the peerless Virginia-class submarines, the Virginia Payload Module, the recapitalization of our national deterrent through the Ohio Re-placement Program, and cutting-edge autono-mous and unmanned systems. 
These provisions demonstrate a shared, bi-
partisan commitment to the defense of our na-tion and support for our troops. 
However, as we move forward with this bill, 
I note with great concern that it reflects a budget approach that locks in sequestration and severs that critical link between our na-tional and economic security. I’m sure that dedicated public servants fighting organized 
crime at the Department of Justice, combatting terrorist financing mechanisms at the Treas-ury, or securing our borders and defending our critical infrastructure in cyberspace at Home-land Security would be shocked indeed to find out that what they did wasn’t a matter of na-tional security. One could just as soon tell the brilliant scientists and engineers at our na-tional labs, or the teachers educating future generations that what they do isn’t important to the future competitiveness of our nation. National security is not just tanks, ships, and airplanes. 
The one-year nature of the approach in the 
bill is a flagrant abuse of a system designed to fund incremental and unpredictable costs of overseas operations, not to get around politi-cally difficult votes for Members of Congress. It’s bad management and worse policy; it doesn’t live up to our commitment to the troops; it undermines our capability to conduct long-term strategy; and worst of all, it sets us up to have yet another round of budgeting by brinksmanship in a matter of months. Ducking debates is not why our constituents sent us here. 
While I support the important policy meas-
ures contained in the bill, and I ultimately sup-port its passage, it is so unfortunate that the one piece of legislation that has historically been the pinnacle of bipartisanship and one of the last vestiges of regular order has been taken hostage by a refusal to address the Budget Control Act. I applaud the bill’s rec-ognition that the President’s budget accurately reflects the level of investment needed, but that is true across all departments and all of the elements of national power that together make the United States great. Let’s take that realization to its logical conclusion and use the seeds of bipartisanship that the Armed Serv-ices Committee has worked so hard to pre-serve to build a long-term agreement that can finally unshackle us from the tyranny of budg-etary uncertainty. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 
WICONISCO HIGH SCHOOL ALUM-NI ASSOCIATION ON THE OCCA-SION OF ITS 65TH CONSECUTIVE ANNUAL REUNION 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 19, 2015 
Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the Wiconisco High School Alumni Association for exceptional civic activ-ism—past and present—as reflected by the fact that the Association is hosting a 65th an-nual reunion. The Association has met every year since its first meeting in 1951 and has demonstrated a remarkable commitment to its members and the larger community. While the Wiconisco district designation no longer exists, the Alumni Association has remained dedi-cated to serving the redrawn district and the needs of its students. 
When Wiconisco merged into the Williams 
Valley School District in 1965, the alumni did not lose their focus or commitment. Over the decades, the Wiconisco High School Alumni Association has supported the Williams Valley 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:45 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A19MY8.010 E19MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E749 May 19, 2015 
Athletic Department, sponsored the local min-
strel project, and actively provided scholar-ships to ensure the future success of area stu-dents. Since the scholarship program began in 1992, the Alumni Association has awarded over $200,000 to local graduates, and now awards a total of five scholarships annually. 
I extend my gratitude to the members of the 
Wiconisco High School Alumni Association for their dedication to each other, to education, and to the improvement of their community. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LOU BARLETTA 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 19, 2015 
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, on Tuesday, 
May 12, Wednesday, May 13, Thursday, May 14, Friday, May 15, and Monday, May 18, 2015, I was out on medical leave on account of a successful procedure to clear a blocked artery and was unable to be present for re-corded votes. 
Had I been present, on May 12, I would 
have voted ‘‘yes’’ on roll call no. 216, the Don’t Tax Our Fallen First Responders Act (H.R. 606), ‘‘no’’ on roll call no. 217, the Edwards amendment to H.R. 1732, ‘‘no’’ on roll call no. 218, the Democratic Motion to Re-commit with Instructions to H.R. 1732, ‘‘yes’’ on roll call no. 219, the Regulatory Integrity Protection Act (H.R. 1732), and ‘‘yes’’ on roll call no. 220, the Defending Public Safety Em-ployee’s Retirement Act (H.R. 2146). 
On May 13, had I been present, I would 
have voted ‘‘yes’’ on roll call no. 221, the rule allowing floor debate on H.R. 1735, H.R. 36, and H.R. 2048 (H. Res. 255). On roll call no. 222, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on the Demo-cratic Motion to Recommit with Instructions, and I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on roll call no. 223, passage of the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act (H.R. 36.) I also would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on roll call no. 224, passage of H.R. 2048, the Uniting and Strengthening America by Fulfilling Rights and Ensuring Ef-fective Discipline Over Monitoring Act of 2015. 
On May 14, had I been present, I would 
have voted ‘‘yes’’ on roll call no. 225, the rule allowing further debate on H.R. 1735 (H. Res. 260). I would also have voted ‘‘yes’’ on roll call no. 226, the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act of 2015 (H.R. 1191) and ‘‘yes’’ on roll call no. 227, the Hezbollah International Financing Prevention Act of 2015 (H.R. 2297). 
Additionally, on amendments to H.R. 1735, 
I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on roll call no. 228, Polis amendment no. 2; ‘‘yes’’ on roll call no. 229, Brooks of Alabama amendment no. 5; ‘‘yes’’ on roll call no. 230, Walorski amend-ment no. 15; ‘‘no’’ on roll call no. 231, Smith of Washington amendment no. 16; and ‘‘yes’’ on roll call no. 232, McCaul amendment no. 17. 
Had I been present on May 15, on amend-
ments to H.R. 1735, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on roll call no. 233, Rohrabacher amendment no. 23; ‘‘yes’’ on roll call no. 234, Lamborn amendment no. 27; ‘‘no’’ on roll call no. 235, Blumenauer amendment no. 32; ‘‘yes’’ on roll call no. 236, Lucas amendment no. 38; ‘‘no’’ on roll call no. 237, Nadler amendment no. 41; 
and ‘‘no’’ on roll call no. 238, the Democratic Motion to Recommit H.R. 1735 with instruc-tion. I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on roll call no. 239, final passage of H.R. 1735, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. 
On May 18, had I been present, I would 
have voted ‘‘yes’’ on roll call no. 240, the Vet-eran’s I.D. Card Act (H.R. 91), ‘‘yes’’ on roll call no. 241, the Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business Relief Act (H.R. 1313), and ‘‘yes’’ on roll call no. 242, the Boosting Rates of American Veteran Employment Act (H.R. 1382). 
f 
IN HONOR OF MARY COLLINS, 
STATE DIRECTOR OF THE NEW HAMPSHIRE SMALL BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT CENTER 
HON. ANN M. KUSTER 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 19, 2015 
Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Mary Collins as she retires after 18 years as the State Director of the New Hamp-shire Small Business Development Center. In this position, Mary oversaw the Center’s state-wide, regional, and satellite offices, edu-cational programs, and economic development initiatives. Mary was a dedicated leader and instrumental in ensuring the success of small businesses in the Granite State. Her commit-ment to New Hampshire small businesses has had a deep impact on our state. 
The New Hampshire Small Business Devel-
opment Center (NH SBDC) assists approxi-mately 3,000 small businesses across the state each year through advising and edu-cation programs. New Hampshire’s economy depends on a strong commitment to providing support for these small businesses. As State Director, Mary had a deep understanding of this and made sure the NH SBDC was a wide-ly available resource for Granite State small businesses. With years of dedicated service as State Director, Mary has positioned the NH SBDC well for a future of continuing to assist small businesses in our state. 
In addition to her position at the NH SBDC, 
Mary has also served on many boards and as a member of many organizations across the state and in her hometown community. She was on the board of directors of the New Hampshire High Technology Council, New Hampshire Experimental Program to Stimulate Competitive Research, and New Hampshire International Trade Advisory Board. In addi-tion, she served as a member of the Nashua Chamber of Commerce’s Advocacy Com-mittee, the Legislative Committee for the Na-tional Association of Small Business Develop-ment Centers, and the New Hampshire Legis-lature’s Business Regulation Commission. 
Mary has received recognition on several 
occasions for her great service to our state and community. She received the Business Excellence Hall of Fame Award from the NH Business Review in 2007, the NH Business & Industry Award in 2009, and the Citizens Bank Good Citizens Award in 2010. This year, Mary received the Mary Dumais Memorial Fund Award, in honor of her dedication to working 
with women entrepreneurs and women-owned businesses. 
I feel very lucky to have had the opportunity 
to work alongside Mary over the past few years. I look forward to continuing to work with the NH SBDC and on behalf of small busi-nesses in the Granite State. 
On behalf of my constituents in New Hamp-
shire’s Second Congressional District, I thank Mary for everything she has done for small businesses in our state making it a better place to live, work, and raise a family. I am honored to recognize and congratulate Mary on her retirement and wish her the best of luck on her next steps. 
f 
CONGRATULATING ALL ABOUT 
TREES, LLC, FOR EARNING THE 2015 SPRINGFIELD AREA CHAM-BER OF COMMERCE SMALL BUSI-NESS AWARD 
HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 19, 2015 
Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-
ognize Noel Boyer and his team at All About Trees, LLC, in Springfield, Missouri, for being awarded the 2015 Springfield Area Chamber of Commerce Small Business Award. 
Noel, who is a board certified master 
arborist with the International Society of Arbo-riculture, took over the now 22-year-old busi-ness in 2005 and has grown it into the accom-plished business it is today. For more than a decade, he and his well-seasoned team have been caring for Springfield’s trees, further glo-rifying the Queen City’s ‘‘Tree City USA’’ des-ignation. 
All About Trees is a fine example of how 
careful, strategic planning and customer care leads to success. The business has not only improved the looks of Springfield area lawns, but has rooted itself as a mainstay in our local economy and community. 
I congratulate Noel Boyer and All About 
Trees for being awarded this prestigious honor. I look forward to seeing this small busi-ness continue its great work and quality serv-ice in Springfield for many, many years to come. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LOIS CAPPS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 19, 2015 
Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Speaker, I was not able to 
be present for the following Roll Call votes on May 18, 2015 and would like to reflect that I would have voted as follows: 
Roll Call #240: YES Roll Call #241: YES Roll Call #242: YES 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:45 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY8.012 E19MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E750 May 19, 2015 
INTRODUCTION OF H.R. 2410, THE 
‘‘GENERATING RENEWAL, OPPOR-TUNITY, AND WORK WITH AC-CELERATED MOBILITY, EFFI-CIENCY, AND REBUILDING OF IN-FRASTRUCTURE AND COMMU-NITIES THROUGHOUT AMERICA ACT’’ (GROW AMERICA ACT) 
HON. PETER A. DeFAZIO 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 19, 2015 
Mr. D EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, today I, along 
with many of my colleagues on the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, are intro-ducing H.R. 2410, the ‘‘Generating Renewal, Opportunity, and Work with Accelerated Mobil-ity, Efficiency, and Rebuilding of Infrastructure and Communities throughout America Act’’ (GROW AMERICA Act). 
This legislation represents the Administra-
tion’s six-year surface reauthorization pro-posal. We introduce this legislation by request, as it is the policy work of the Administration. By introducing it, we are putting our stamp of approval on the vision that this proposal of-fers—robust funding levels in a long-term bill to provide sustainable solutions to our Nation’s infrastructure crisis. 
Today, the House voted on a two-month 
short-term extension of highway, transit, and highway safety programs. Congress has had 10 months since the enactment of the last ex-tension in July 2014 to produce a long-term bill, or at least to make significant progress in identifying sustainable revenues to shore up the Highway Trust Fund. The Republican Leadership has produced neither. The Com-mittee on Ways and Means could not so much as hold a hearing on this topic in the past 10 months. 
It is no surprise, therefore, that this House 
cannot come to agreement on $11 billion in offsets to keep surface transportation pro-grams afloat through the end of this year, which would provide certainty to the construc-tion industry and its workers during their busi-est season. Here we are, in the middle of an-other construction season, and Congress is unable—or unwilling—to consider more than a short-term patch. 
We can’t kick the can down the road any-
more. There is no road left. The revenues we collect are insufficient to meet our needs. The Congressional Budget Office estimates that the shortfall in the Highway Trust Fund is $172 billion over the next 10 years just to maintain current funding levels. If Congress passes a six-year bill, the gap is $92 billion. 
This gap only accounts for status quo fund-
ing. Finding an additional $92 billion will not provide enough funds to make substantial im-provements to our infrastructure or address the ballooning backlog in highway, bridge, and transit state of good repair. It does not provide new investments in freight. 
H.R. 2410 goes beyond the status quo and 
will move our Nation into the 21st century. The bill provides a total of $478 billion over six years, a 45 percent increase for highways, bridges, public transportation, highway safety, and rail programs. Over six years, the GROW AMERICA Act makes significant investments in: 
Highways—provides $317 billion for pro-
grams under the Federal Highway Administra-tion (FHWA), an increase of 29 percent over 
current levels. 
Freight—dedicates $18 billion for a new 
dedicated multi-modal freight program. 
Transit—provides $115 billion for programs 
under the Federal Transit Administration (FTA), an increase of 76 percent over current levels, and significantly boosts New Starts funding. 
Rail—provides $28.6 billion for programs 
under the Federal Rail Administration (FRA). 
Safety—provides $6 billion for vehicle safety 
programs under the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA), $4.7 billion for truck and bus safety programs under the Fed-eral Motor Carrier Safety Administration (FMCSA), and $16 billion for the Highway Safety Improvement Program (HSIP). 
Competitive Grants—provides $7.5 billion 
for TIGER grants and $6 billion for TIFIA that could support $60 billion in loans. 
Research and Innovation—provides $3.4 bil-
lion to leverage research and innovation to move people and goods more safely and effi-ciently, while minimizing impacts on the envi-ronment. 
Federal lands—provides $150 million for a 
Nationally Significant Federal Lands and Tribal Projects program, to address project needs on Federal lands. 
In addition to these critical investments in 
the Nation’s intermodal surface transportation network, H.R. 2410 also includes a number of important policy provisions that ensure that surface transportation investments create good paying American jobs. These include tightening Buy America loopholes, funding workforce development, allowing local hire, and strengthening wage and hour laws for truck and bus drivers. 
There are provisions in this proposal that I 
do not support, and may give some of my col-leagues pause. Specifically, I strongly oppose eliminating the prohibition on tolling of existing free Interstate highways for reconstruction of an existing facility. The proposal also extends the deadline for Positive Train Control imple-mentation. Given last week’s tragic Amtrak crash, Congress should be coming together to find ways to fund expedited PTC implementa-tion, not pushing the compliance date farther into the future. Other provisions, such as Buy America waivers for rail rolling stock, and elimination of statutory hours of service provi-sions for rail workers, also cause concern. 
Nevertheless, the Administration’s bill pro-
vides a great starting point—an opportunity for this Congress to come together to significantly increase infrastructure investment over the long term. I look forward to working in a bipar-tisan manner with Chairman S
HUSTER and our 
colleagues on the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure as we develop new surface transportation legislation. 
f 
IN HONOR OF ISSAC ROBINSON, 
JR. ON HIS RETIREMENT FROM THE WEST PALM BEACH CITY COMMISSION 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 19, 2015 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor 
to rise today to recognize my good friend, Mr. Issac ‘‘Ike’’ Robinson, Jr., on the occasion of 
his retirement from the West Palm Beach City Commission for District 2. Ike served with dis-tinction as City Commissioner since 1999. He additionally served as President of the Com-mission from 2001–2002 and from 2006–2007. During his tenure on the Commission, he was on several key committees including the Small Business Advisory Committee and the Edu-cation Advisory Committee. His work led him to represent the City as a member and Presi-dent of the Palm Beach County League of Cit-ies. Ike eventually served as a member of the Florida League of Cities, meanwhile serving on the Governor’s Taskforce for the Eradi-cation of Methamphetamine Drug Labs. On a national level, Ike served on the National League of Cities and the National Black Cau-cus of elected officials. 
A U.S. Army Veteran, husband to his wife 
Ernestine, and proud father and grandfather, Ike has dedicated his life to serving the West Palm Beach community with excellence. He also served and retired after 30 years in the Palm Beach County School District, and served 6 years with the West Palm Beach Po-lice department as a Case Manager and a Cri-sis Counselor. 
His dedication to the City of West Palm 
Beach is undeniable when looking and recog-nizing his contributions as an elected official and upstanding citizen. His service on the Commission for 16 years has earned him a record position as the longest serving commis-sioner in the history of West Palm Beach, and no doubt a legacy to be proud of. I am grateful for his honorable work, and wish Ike the best of luck and good health in the next journey in his life. 
Mr. Speaker, once again, I am honored to 
congratulate Mr. Issac ‘‘Ike’’ Robinson on his retirement and for his years of service to the West Palm Beach community. 
f 
CONGRATULATING ANTHONY 
BRUTTO 
HON. DAVID B. McKINLEY 
OF WEST VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 19, 2015 
Mr. M CKINLEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to con-
gratulate Mr. Anthony Brutto, a 94-year-old West Virginia University Class of 2015 grad-uate. A passionate designer and craftsman from a young age, Mr. Brutto began his colle-giate career in 1939 seeking an engineering degree. 
In 1942, his studies came to an abrupt halt 
when he was drafted into the Army Air Corps, where he served for three and a half years. He was primarily stationed in Venice, Florida and worked on the P39 and P49 bombers. After the war, family demands and changing careers kept him from completing his degree. 
Mr. Brutto never lost his passion for edu-
cation, however, and he received his bach-elor’s degree this past weekend during WVU’s Commencement. 
At a time when more young people are 
questioning the value of a college degree, it is encouraging to witness his perseverance in at-taining a degree. Young West Virginians should follow in his footsteps and equip them-selves for a lifetime of prosperity, no matter what setbacks come their way. As Mr. Brutto 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:45 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A19MY8.017 E19MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E751 May 19, 2015 
eloquently said, ‘‘The great thing about edu-
cation is they can’t take it away from you.’’ 
f 
SUPPORTING THE GOALS AND 
IDEALS OF NATIONAL ASIAN AND PACIFIC ISLANDER HIV/ AIDS AWARENESS DAY 
HON. MADELEINE Z. BORDALLO 
OF GUAM  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 19, 2015 
Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, today I have 
reintroduced a resolution to honor the memory of the Asian Americans, Native Hawaiians, and Pacific Islanders we have lost to AIDS, and to recognize those whom are still living with HIV/AIDS the United States. The resolu-tion supports the goals and ideals of National Asian and Pacific Islander HIV/AIDS Aware-ness Day and its observance, and it draws at-tention to the stigma and disparities that hinder proper treatment and prevention within these communities. 
Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders com-
prise more than 50 different ethnic subgroups, speaking more than 100 languages and dia-lects. This resolution recognizes the impor-tance of providing access to culturally- and lin-guistically-competent services, especially HIV testing. According to an analysis of data from the Centers for Disease Control and Preven-tion (CDC), Asian Americans and Pacific Is-landers were the only racial/ethnic groups with a statistically significant increase in new HIV diagnoses. The CDC estimates that 36 per-cent of the HIV diagnoses among these com-munities progress to AIDS in less than 12 months. Additionally, the CDC estimates among people living with HIV/AIDS, 22 per-cent of Asian Americans and 27 percent of Native Hawaiians and Pacific Islanders are un-aware they are infected with HIV. 
Yet, with increasing rates of infection, they 
continue to have the lowest rates of access to HIV-testing services. Although there are a number of factors that contribute to increasing rates of infections, stigma and discrimination associated with an HIV/AIDS has proved to be a leading factor in low testing rates and in-creased risk-taking behaviors. 
The observance of National Asian and Pa-
cific Islander HIV/AIDS Awareness Day was established by the Banyan Tree Project, and began as a national campaign to raise aware-ness of the impact of the HIV/AIDS-related stigma and how it contributes to lower testing rates and greater risk-taking behaviors. Addi-tionally, the work continues with the Asian and Pacific Islander American Health Forum who have worked nationally for more than 20 years, including in my home district of Guam, in helping to strengthen community-based or-ganizations and programs responding to HIV/ AIDS among Asian Americans, Native Hawai-ians, and Pacific Islanders. 
I look forward to working with my colleagues 
in addressing this need and advancing the larger cause of reducing HIV/AIDS-related stigmas and disparities in access to HIV pre-vention, testing and treatment. I thank my col-leagues, Representatives J
UDY CHU, R AU´L 
GRIJALVA , M IKEHONDA , BARBARA LEE, TED 
LIEU, A LAN LOWENTHAL , J IMMCDERMOTT , 
PEDRO PIERLUISI , A MATA RADEWAGEN , 
CHARLES RANGEL , ADAM SCHIFF , ADAM SMITH, and M ARKTAKANO for their support as original 
cosponsors of this resolution. 
f 
STUDENT LOAN DEBT RELIEF ACT 
HON. JIM McDERMOTT 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 19, 2015 
Mr. M CDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to introduce the Student Loan Debt Relief Act. This legislation relieves a potential tax burden that may be imposed on student loan bor-rowers that use income-based repayment and income-contingent repayment programs. 
This bill eliminates a tax penalty on student 
loan borrowers. After 20–25 years of pay-ments on the income-based repayment or in-come-contingent repayment plans, student loan borrowers can have their outstanding debt balance forgiven. However, under current law, the amount forgiven is considered income payable immediately. 
Programs such as the income based repay-
ment program have helped in a small way to ensure that students can continue to pursue their dreams and get on with their lives while they responsibly pay off their student debt. 
It also makes students the promise that if 
they hold up their end of the bargain for twen-ty to twenty-five years they will have their re-maining debt forgiven. 
Slamming students and families with a mas-
sive tax bill after they have played by the rules is just wrong. This bill is yet another step to-ward leveling the playing field for a generation students being devastated by the growing stu-dent loan crisis in this country. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 100TH ANNI-
VERSARY OF THE WEST CALDWELL PUBLIC LIBRARY 
HON. RODNEY P. FRELINGHUYSEN 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 19, 2015 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the West Caldwell Public Li-brary, located in the Township of West Caldwell, New Jersey as it celebrates its 100th Anniversary. 
The West Caldwell Public Library, founded 
by the request of Julia H. Potwin, is an impor-tant piece of communal life in the Township of West Caldwell. Families, friends, and students gather at the Library to conduct research, enjoy literary works, and socialize. The Li-brary, located on the first floor of the West Caldwell Municipal Building, is at the center of West Caldwell life, and offers a myriad of books, catalogs, and reference materials. The Library holds an important public function in serving the community through literary means, and is enjoyed by many. 
Originally known as the Julia H. Potwin Me-
morial Library, this library was created by the request of Julia Potwin, the daughter of Na-thaniel S. Crane. Although Julia never saw the construction of the Library, she requested in her will that a library be built. She issued spe-cific instructions as to how it should look and function, and also left her extensive book col-lection to the Library. Julia sought to create a library that served a more integral role in her 
community. According to the Library’s Presi-dent of the Board of Trustees, her ideas were not common views of what a library should be. Julia wanted her library to be more personal than average libraries, as evident by her re-quest for the Library to include a living room and a place for the caretaker to sleep. 
The West Caldwell Public Library currently 
offers a variety of programs for adults, which include Friday afternoon movies, concerts, dramatic presentations, book discussions, and a Summer Reading program. These activities represent the Library’s mission of upholding principles of intellectual freedom and the public’s ’right to know.’ Included within the Li-brary’s collection are 40,000 book titles, 200 magazines and periodicals, and a large selec-tion of DVDs and CDs. 
As part of its success in functioning as a 
communal gathering place for West Caldwell residents, the Library holds a teen advisory group, family story time, sing and dance events, and seminars on Social Security. The Library continues Julia Potwin’s idiosyncratic vision of what a library should be by func-tioning as more than just a place to check out books. 
To celebrate 100 successful years of offer-
ing the public a center for learning, the West Caldwell Public Library has planned several events, with the incorporation of the slogan ‘‘Celebrate the Past, Create the Future.’’ Among these events is a concert titled ‘‘100 Years of American Music,’’ featuring the Jane Stuart Ensemble as well as a reading from Julia Potwin’s personal diary. Both of these events encompass the Library’s constant dedi-cation to acknowledging the past while also cultivating the future. 
I commend the members and Board of 
Trustees of the West Caldwell Public Library, especially Library Manager Karen Kelly, for their dedication to serving the people of West Caldwell. The Library is a special place for all and will continue to function as a public forum for learning. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask you and my colleagues 
to join me in congratulating the West Caldwell Public Library as it celebrates its 100th Anni-versary. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE 40TH ANNI-
VERSARY RESOLUTION FOR THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF WOMEN BUSINESS OWNERS 
HON. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 19, 2015 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to introduce a resolu-tion with my friend and colleague M
ARSHA  
BLACKBURN to honor the National Association 
of Women Business Owners (NAWBO) on its 40th anniversary in 2015. 
Since it was established in 1975, NAWBO 
has allowed women entrepreneurs to collabo-rate and grow their businesses through 60 chapters across the country. With over 5,000 members representing a wide range of indus-tries, NAWBO pushes for positive change to our business climate and public policy to help women entrepreneurs succeed in the Amer-ican economy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:45 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A19MY8.019 E19MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E752 May 19, 2015 
I am so pleased to have worked with Rep. 
BLACKBURN on this resolution, and hope that 
all of our colleagues will join us to celebrate NAWBO on its 40th anniversary. 
f 
IN HONOR OF DETECTIVE RICHARD 
P. D EVOE, SR. 
HON. STEPHEN F. LYNCH 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 19, 2015 
Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
honor of Detective Richard P. DeVoe, in rec-ognition of his outstanding contributions to the City of Boston, and to commend him for 45 years of dedicated service with the Boston Po-lice Department. 
The son of Catherine and Walter DeVoe, 
Richie was born on April 10, 1950, in Dor-chester, Massachusetts. He attended elemen-tary school in Dorchester, and then went on to the Grover Cleveland Middle School. Richie then attended South Boston High School, graduating in 1970. Subsequently, he attended Curry College in Milton, MA, graduating Magna Cum Laude in 2002. 
Upon his graduation from South Boston 
High School, Richie went to work at the Bos-ton Police Department. From 1970–1974, he was assigned to the cadet program, Badge #188. From there, he became a police dis-patcher from 1974–1979. He served as a pa-trolman, Badge #2893, from 1979–1987, and then worked as a detective, Badge #550, from 1987–2015. 
Mr. Speaker, in addition to his assigned du-
ties, Richie took on several important respon-sibilities within the Boston Police Department: he is a director of the Boston Police Relief As-sociation, serving as president in 1993. On May 1, 2015, Richie was appointed Chairman of the Memorial Committee. Further, Richie has been part of the Boston Police Stress Unit since 1998, and he travelled to Ground Zero in New York City in September, 2001, in order to assist the New York City Police Department in the aftermath of the September 11 terrorist attacks. 
Richie also serves as a vice-president of the 
South Boston Citizens Association, and he is a member of the Tynan Community Board. He is also a member of the South Boston Histor-ical Society and the Boston Police Emerald Society. 
Richie has had the good fortune to be mar-
ried to Patricia for 39 years. They are the proud parents of three children: Richard, Jr., Suzanne, and Kristy. They are grandparents to Liam, Sophie, Lance, and Michael. 
Mr. Speaker, it is my distinct honor to take 
the floor of the House today to join with Rich-ard P. DeVoe’s family, friends, and contem-poraries to thank him for his remarkable serv-ice to the City of Boston. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF JUAN 
BATISTA VICINI, A DOMINICAN HERO 
HON. CHARLES B. RANGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 19, 2015 
Mr. RANGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise to cele-
brate the life and legacy of Juan Batista Vicini, a dedicated leader, a reliable ally, and a long-
standing friend who passed away on April 28, 2015. We have truly experienced a great loss not only to the Dominican Republic, but also to the international community. He was loved, respected tremendously, and we will certainly miss his spirit of leadership and strength. 
Mr. Vicini was born in Genoa, Italy and be-
came the so-called first Dominican mogul after receiving a degree in Chemical Engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Tech-nology. Before his death, Mr. Vicini had led the Vicini family business for over 50 years. As Vicini Assets Management’s third genera-tion leader, Mr. Vicini laid the groundwork to transform the family company into the most important assets administrator in the Carib-bean and Central America. 
Mr. Vicini, the Vicini family and I all worked 
together on the issue of multi-lateral govern-ment investment in Haiti and the Dominican Republic. We also worked on trade in relation to the Haitian Hemispheric Opportunity for Partnership Encouragement Act of 2006 (HOPE) and the Haiti Economic Lift Program Act (HELP), signed into law by President Barack Obama in 2010. These two Acts ex-panded and extended existing apparel trade opportunities for Haiti, which is important as their economy continues to bounce back from the earthquake several years ago. 
I have the great honor to serve a congres-
sional district with one of the nation’s largest Dominican populations. From Washington Heights to Inwood, Dominicans continue to im-prove our neighborhoods, with their vibrant cultural and economic contributions every day. 
Mr. Vicini embodied the bright Dominican 
culture and enriched the lives of everyone he knew. During my visit to the Dominican Re-public last year, I was very pleased to be able to visit Vicini Assets Management and see the results of Mr. Vicini’s decades-long success. While the world lost a great businessman and leader, I am confident that his children will carry on his legacy for years to come. 
f 
GROW AMERICA ACT 
INTRODUCTION 
HON. CHRIS VAN HOLLEN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 19, 2015 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
support of the Grow America Act, introduced today by Congressman P
ETER DEFAZIO. As we 
prepare to vote on yet another short-term ex-tension, it is important to reiterate the kind of investment our nation needs to build a 21st century transportation system. We cannot con-tinue kicking the can down the road as our na-tion’s infrastructure continues to deteriorate. 
It is also clear that we cannot keep flat-fund-
ing infrastructure. The American Society of Civil Engineers has given our nation’s infra-structure a D+ grade—we need significant new investment to repair structurally-deficient bridges, upgrade transit systems, and rebuild roads. The Grow America Act will increase funding for these critical needs. 
While I do not agree with all the policy pro-
visions in this Act, and believe there are some important ideas that are not included, I am proud to add my name as a cosponsor to sup-port critical investment in transportation. I look forward to working with my colleagues to pass 
a long-term, comprehensive bill this summer. 
f 
RECOGNIZING WARREN N. JACK-
SON FOR HIS HONORABLE SERV-ICE TO THE NATION IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY AND FOR HIS PATRIOTISM AND VALOR THEREIN 
HON. DANIEL T. KILDEE 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 19, 2015 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I ask the United 
States House of Representatives to join me in recognizing Mr. Warren N. Jackson, for his honorable service in the United States Army. 
Mr. Warren N. Jackson served the nation 
honorably in the United States Army, 3758th Quartermaster Truck Company throughout World War II and retired from the 41st Artil-lery, serving from 1944 through 1966. On this date, at the age of 92, Mr. Jackson traveled from his home in Flint, Michigan to Wash-ington, D.C. in order to tour and pay homage at the World War II Memorial. To that effect, Mr. Jackson pays honor to the war to which he was a witness and remembers those known and unknown lost throughout the war. Therefore, he encourages all Americans to cherish and honor the sacrifice borne by our men and women in uniform from all theaters and eras. 
Mr. Speaker, I applaud Mr. Warren Jackson 
for his service and unyielding commitment to the nation. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-
TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
SPEECH OF  
HON. MAC THORNBERRY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 13, 2015 
The House in Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 1735) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes: 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chair, I ask that 
the following exchange of letters be submitted during consideration of H.R. 1735: 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , AND 
TECHNOLOGY , 
Washington, DC, May 1, 2015. 
Hon. W ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , 
Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, House 
of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
DEARMR. THORNBERRY : I write to confirm 
our mutual understanding regarding H.R. 1735, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. This legislation con-tains subject matter within the jurisdiction of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. However, in order to expedite floor consideration of this important legisla-tion, the Committee waives consideration of the bill. 
The Committee on Science, Space, and 
Technology takes this action only with the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:45 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY8.023 E19MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E753 May 19, 2015 
understanding that the Committee’s juris-
dictional interests over this and similar leg-islation are in no way diminished or altered. 
The Committee also reserves the right to 
seek appointment to any House-Senate con-ference on this legislation and requests your support if such a request is made. Finally, I would appreciate your including this letter in the Congressional Record during consider-ation of H.R. 1735 on the House Floor. Thank you for your attention to these matters. 
Sincerely, 
L
AMAR SMITH, 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , 
Washington, DC, May 1, 2015. 
Hon. L AMAR SMITH, 
Chairman, Committee on Science, Space, and 
Technology, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your 
letter regarding H.R. 1735, the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. I agree that the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology has valid jurisdic-tional claims to certain provisions in this important legislation, and I am most appre-ciative of your decision not to request a re-ferral in the interest of expediting consider-ation of the bill. I agree that by foregoing a sequential referral, the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology is not waiving its jurisdiction. Further, this ex-change of letters will be included in the com-mittee report on the bill. 
Sincerely, 
W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND  
INFRASTRUCTURE , 
Washington, DC, May 1, 2015. 
Hon. W ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , 
Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, House 
of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
DEARCHAIRMAN THORNBERRY : I write con-
cerning H.R. 1735, the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016, as amended. There are certain provisions in the legislation that fall within the Rule X juris-diction of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
However, in order to expedite this legisla-
tion for floor consideration, the Committee will forgo action on this bill. This, of course, is conditional on our mutual understanding that forgoing consideration of the bill does not prejudice the Committee with respect to the appointment of conferees or to any fu-ture jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar leg-islation that fall within the Committee’s Rule X jurisdiction. I request you urge the Speaker to name members of the Committee to any conference committee named to con-sider such provisions. 
Please place a copy of this letter and your 
response acknowledging our jurisdictional interest into the committee report on H.R. 1735 and into the Congressional Record dur-ing consideration of the measure on the House floor. 
Sincerely, 
B
ILLSHUSTER , 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , 
Washington, DC, May 1, 2015. 
Hon. B ILLSHUSTER , 
Chairman, Committee on Transportation and 
Infrastructure, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your 
letter regarding H.R. 1735, the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. 
I agree that the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure has valid jurisdic-tional claims to certain provisions in this important legislation, and I am most appre-ciative of your decision not to request a re-ferral in the interest of expediting consider-ation of the bill. I agree that by foregoing a sequential referral, the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure is not waiving its jurisdiction. Further, this exchange of letters will be included in the committee re-port on the bill. 
Sincerely, 
W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , 
Washington, DC, May 1, 2015. 
Hon. W ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , 
Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, House 
of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
DEARMR. THORNBERRY : I write to confirm 
our mutual understanding regarding H.R. 1735, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. This legislation con-tains subject matter within the jurisdiction of the Committee on Ways and Means. How-ever, in order to expedite floor consideration of this important legislation, the committee waives consideration of the bill. 
The Committee on Ways and Means takes 
this action only with the understanding that the committee’s jurisdictional interests over 
this and similar legislation are in no way di-minished or altered. 
The committee also reserves the right to 
seek appointment to any House-Senate con-ference on this legislation and requests your support if such a request is made. Finally, I would appreciate your including this letter in the Congressional Record during consider-ation of H.R. 1735 on the House Floor. Thank you for your attention to these matters. 
Sincerely, 
P
AULRYAN, 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , 
Washington, DC, May 1, 2015. 
Hon. P AULRYAN, 
Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, 
House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your 
letter regarding H.R. 1735, the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. I agree that the Committee on Ways and Means has a valid jurisdictional claim to a provision in this important legislation, and I am most appreciative of your decision not to request a referral in the interest of expe-diting consideration of the bill. I agree that by foregoing a sequential referral, the Com-mittee on Ways and Means is not waiving its jurisdiction. Further, this exchange of let-ters will be included in the committee report on the bill. 
Sincerely, 
W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , 
Chairman. 
f 
MARSHALL HIGH SCHOOL TRACK 
AND FIELD 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, May 19, 2015 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate the Marshall High School boys track and field team for winning the University Interscholastic League (UIL) 5A state track and field championship. There was no stopping these Marshall Buf-
falos on their way to winning. The relay team of Cederian Lynch, Amere Lattin, Kendall Sheffield and Shamon Ehiemua set a 5A state record in the 800-meter relay and claimed the state title in the 1,600-meter relay. Individually, Sheffield repeated his win in the 110-meter hurdles and Ehiemua won in the 200-meter dash. The Buffalos dominated the competition. These young men are gifted athletes, and we are excited to see all they accomplish on and off the track. 
On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-
sional District of Texas, congratulations on your state championship. Thank you for bring-ing the gold to Fort Bend County. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-
TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
SPEECH OF  
HON. MAC THORNBERRY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, May 13, 2015 
The House in Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 1735) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes: 
Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chair, I ask that 
the following exchange of letters be submitted during consideration of H.R. 1735: 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES , 
Washington, DC, May 1, 2015. 
Hon. W ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , 
Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, House 
of Representatives, Rayburn House Office Building, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : I am writing con-
cerning H.R. 1735, the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. That bill, as ordered reported, contains provisions within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Natural Resources Committee, including those noted in addendum A. 
In the interest of permitting you to pro-
ceed expeditiously to floor consideration of this very important bill, I am willing to waive this committee’s right to a sequential referral. I do so with the understanding that the Natural Resources Committee does not waive any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matter contained in the bill which fall within its Rule X jurisdiction. I also request that you urge the Speaker to name members of the Natural Resources committee to any conference committee to consider such provisions. 
Please place this letter into the committee 
report on H.R. 1735 and into the Congres-sional Record during consideration of the measure on the House floor. Thank you for the cooperative spirit in which you and your staff have worked regarding this matter and others between our respective committees, and congratulations on this significant achievement. 
Sincerely, 
R
OBBISHOP , 
Chairman. 
Addendum A: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:45 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A19MY8.028 E19MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E754 May 19, 2015 
PROVISIONS 
TITLE SECTION #—NAME 
6 ............................................................. Section 601—Extension of Authority to Provide Temporary Increase in Rates of Basic Allowance for Housing Under Certain Circumstances 
6 ............................................................. Section 611—One-Year Extension of Certain Bonus and Special Pay A uthorities for Reserve Forces 
6 ............................................................. Section 612—One-Year Extension of Certain Bonus and Special Pay A uthorities for Health Care Professionals 
6 ............................................................. Section 614—One-Year Extension of Authorities Relating to Title 3 7 Consolidated Special Pay, Incentive Pay, and Bonus Authorities 
6 ............................................................. Section 615—One-Year Extension of Authorities Relating to Payment  of Other Title 37 Bonuses and Special Pays 
6 ............................................................. Section 631—Full Participation for Members of the Uniformed Servi ces in Thrift Savings Plan 
6 ............................................................. Section 632—Modernized Retirement System for Members of the Unifo rmed Services 
6 ............................................................. Section 633—Continuation Pay for Full TSP Members with 12 Years o f Service 
6 ............................................................. Section 634—Effective Date and lmplementation 10 ........................................................... Section 1083—Navy Support of Ocean Research Advisory Panel 28 ........................................................... Section 2841—Withdrawal and Reservation of Public Land, Naval Air Weapons Station China Lake, California 
28 ........................................................... Section 2851—Renaming Site of the Dayton Aviation Heritage Nationa l Historical Park, Ohio 
28 ........................................................... Section 2852—Extension of Authority for General Francis Marion est ablishment of Commemorative Work in Honor of Brigadier 
28 ........................................................... Section 2862—Protection and Recovery of Greater Sage Grouse 
AMENDMENTS 
Mark Log Sponsor Description 
RDY ............................................ 089 Bishop ...................................... Provision would permanently exte nd the land withdrawals for certain military reservations. 
RDY ............................................ 092 Wilson ...................................... Amend existing law to allow an a gency to object to the inclusion of certain property on the National Register or its designation as a National Historic 
Landmark for reasons of national security. 
ROY ............................................ 324 Knight ...................................... The provision would add a new se ction to title 10, United States code to provide for the conservation needs of the Southern Sea Otter while continuing 
the protections for military readiness activities at important offshore islands in the Southern California Bight. 
MLP ............................................ 181r2 Takai ........................................ This amendment would prohibit  per diem allowance reductions for civilian employees on TDY. 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, May 1, 2015. 
Hon. R OBBISHOP , 
Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources, 
House of Representatives, Longworth House Office Building, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your 
letter regarding H.R. 1735, the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. I agree that the Committee on Natural Re-sources has valid jurisdictional claims to certain provisions in this important legisla-tion, and I am most appreciative of your de-cision not to request a referral in the inter-est of expediting consideration of the bill. I agree that by foregoing a sequential referral, the Committee on Natural Resources is not waiving its jurisdiction. Further, this ex-change of letters will be included in the com-mittee report on the bill. 
Sincerely, 
W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , 
Chairman. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS , 
Washington, DC, May 1, 2015. 
Hon. W ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , 
Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, House 
of Representatives, Rayburn House Office Building, Washington, DC. 
D
EARCHAIRMAN THORNBERRY : I am writing 
to you concerning the bill H.R. 1735, the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. There are certain provisions in the legislation which fall within the jurisdiction of the Committee on Small Business pursu-ant to Rule X(q) of the House of Representa-tives. 
In the interest of permitting the Com-
mittee on Armed Services to proceed expedi-tiously to floor consideration of this impor-tant bill, I am willing to waive the right of the Committee on Small Business to sequen-tial referral. I do so with the understanding that by waiving consideration of the bill, the Committee on Small Business does not waive any future jurisdictional claim over the sub-ject matters contained in the bill which fall within its Rule X(q) jurisdiction, including future bills that the Committee on Armed Services will consider. I request that you urge the Speaker to appoint members of this Committee to any conference committee which is named to consider such provisions. 
Please place this letter into the committee 
report on H.R. 1735 and into the Congres-sional Record during consideration of the 
measure on the House floor. Thank you for the cooperative spirit in which you have worked regarding this issue and others be-tween our respective committees. 
Sincerely, 
S
TEVE CHABOT , 
Chairman. 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, May 1, 2015. 
Hon. S TEVE CHABOT , 
Chairman, Committee on Small Business, House 
of Representatives, Rayburn House Office Building, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your 
letter regarding H.R. 1735, the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. I agree that the Committee on Small Busi-ness has valid jurisdictional claims to cer-tain provisions in this important legislation, and I am most appreciative of your decision not to request a referral in the interest of ex-pediting consideration of the bill. I agree that by foregoing a sequential referral, the Committee on Small Business is not waiving its jurisdiction. Further, this exchange of letters will be included in the committee re-port on the bill. 
Sincerely, 
W
ILLIAM M. ‘‘M AC’’ THORNBERRY , 
Chairman. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A19MY8.032 E19MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D567 Tuesday, May 19, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S3009–S3088 
Measures Introduced: Twenty-two bills and three 
resolutions were introduced, as follows: S. 1368–1389, and S. Res. 180–182.
           Pages S3059–60 
Measures Reported: 
S. 1376, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 
2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year. (S. Rept. No. 114–49)
                                                   Page S3058 
Measures Passed: 
Border Patrol Agent Pay Reform Act: Senate 
passed H.R. 2252, to clarify the effective date of cer-tain provisions of the Border Patrol Agent Pay Re-form Act of 2014.
                                                     Page S3014 
National Schizencephaly Awareness Day: Senate 
agreed to S. Res. 181, designating May 19, 2015, as ‘‘National Schizencephaly Awareness Day’’. 
                                                                                            Page S3088 
Department of Defense Laboratory Day: Senate 
agreed to S. Res. 182, expressing the sense of the Senate that Defense laboratories have been, and con-tinue to be, on the cutting edge of scientific and technological advancement and supporting the des-ignation of May 14, 2015, as the ‘‘Department of Defense Laboratory Day’’.
                                      Page S3088 
Measures Considered: 
Ensuring Tax Exempt Organizations the Right to 
Appeal Act—Agreement: Senate continued consid-
eration of H.R. 1314, to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an ad-ministrative appeal relating to adverse determina-tions of tax-exempt status of certain organizations, taking action on the following amendments proposed thereto:
                                                Pages S3015–24, S3024–53 
Pending: 
Hatch Amendment No. 1221, in the nature of a 
substitute.                                                                       Page S3015 Hatch (for Flake) Amendment No. 1243 (to 
Amendment No. 1221), to strike the extension of the trade adjustment assistance program.
     Page S3015 
Hatch (for Inhofe/Coons) Modified Amendment 
No. 1312 (to Amendment No. 1221), to amend the African Growth and Opportunity Act to require the development of a plan for each sub-Saharan African country for negotiating and entering into free trade agreements.
                                              Pages S3015, S3026–30 
Hatch (for McCain) Amendment No. 1226 (to 
Amendment No. 1221), to repeal a duplicative in-spection and grading program.
     Pages S3015, S3017–22 
Stabenow (for Portman) Amendment No. 1299 (to 
Amendment No. 1221), to make it a principal nego-tiating objective of the United States to address cur-rency manipulation in trade agreements. 
                                                   Pages S3015, S3022–24, S3052–53 
Brown Amendment No. 1251 (to Amendment 
No. 1221), to require the approval of Congress be-fore additional countries may join the Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement.
       Pages S3015, S3024–25, S3052 
Wyden (for Shaheen) Amendment No. 1227 (to 
Amendment No. 1221), to make trade agreements work for small businesses.
                     Pages S3015, S3017 
Wyden (for Warren) Amendment No. 1327 (to 
Amendment No. 1221), to prohibit the application of the trade authorities procedures to an imple-menting bill submitted with respect to a trade agreement that includes investor-state dispute settle-ment.
                                       Pages S3015, S3025–26, S3031–33 
Hatch Modified Amendment No. 1411 (to the 
language proposed to be stricken by Amendment No. 1299), of a perfecting nature.
    Pages S3052, S3053 
A motion was entered to close further debate on 
the Hatch Amendment No. 1221 to the bill, and, in accordance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur on Thursday, May 21, 2015.
        Page S3051 
A motion was entered to close further debate on 
the bill, and, in accordance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of Hatch Amendment No. 1221 to the bill.
           Pages S3051–52 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:05 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D19MY5.REC D19MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D568 May 19, 2015 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding for further consideration of the bill at ap-proximately 9:30 a.m., on Wednesday, May 20, 2015.
                                                                                Page S3088 
Message from the President: Senate received the 
following message from the President of the United States: 
Transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on the 
continuation of the national emergency that was originally declared in Executive Order 13303 of May 22, 2003, with respect to the stabilization of Iraq; which was referred to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. (PM–18)
           Page S3056 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-
lowing nominations: 
7 Army nominations in the rank of general. 10 Marine Corps nominations in the rank of gen-
eral. 
1 Navy nomination in the rank of admiral. 
                                                                                            Page S3088 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S3056 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S3056 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S3057–58 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S3058 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S3060–62 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S3062–71 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S3054–56 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S3071–87 
Authorities for Committees to Meet: 
                                                                                    Pages S3087–88 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 8:15 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Wednes-day, May 20, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S3088.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Mili-
tary Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies approved for full committee consideration an original bill entitled, ‘‘Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropria-tions Act, 2016’’. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Energy 
and Water Development approved for full committee consideration an original bill entitled, ‘‘Energy and 
Water Development Appropriations Act, 2016’’. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Armed Services: Committee ordered favor-
ably reported the nominations of Jessie Hill Roberson, of Alabama, to be a Member of the De-fense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board, Monica C. Regalbuto, of Illinois, to be an Assistant Secretary of Energy (Environmental Management), and 808 nominations in the Army, Navy, Air Force, and Ma-rine Corps. 
CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE 
OVERSIGHT 
Committee on the Budget: Committee concluded an 
oversight hearing to examine the Congressional Budget Office, after receiving testimony from Keith Hall, Director, Congressional Budget Office. 
FAA REAUTHORIZATION 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: 
Committee concluded a hearing to examine Federal Aviation Administration reauthorization, focusing on air traffic control modernization and reform, after re-ceiving testimony from former Senator Byron Dor-gan; Michael P. Huerta, Administrator, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transpor-tation; former Michigan Governor John Engler, Business Roundtable, Paul M. Rinaldi, National Air Traffic Controllers Association, and Ed Bolen, Na-tional Business Aviation Association, all of Wash-ington, D.C.; and Jeffery A. Smisek, United Airlines, Chicago, Illinois, on behalf of Airlines for America. 
ENERGY SUPPLY LEGISLATION 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee 
concluded a hearing to examine S. 562, to promote exploration for geothermal resources, S. 822, to ex-pand geothermal production, S. 1026, to amend the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 to repeal a provision prohibiting Federal agencies from procuring alternative fuels, S. 1057, to promote geo-thermal energy, S. 1058, to promote research, devel-opment, and demonstration of marine and hydrokinetic renewable energy technologies, S. 1103, to reinstate and extend the deadline for commence-ment of construction of a hydroelectric project in-volving Clark Canyon Dam, S. 1104, to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hy-droelectric project involving the Gibson Dam, S. 1199, to authorize Federal agencies to provide alter-native fuel to Federal employees on a reimbursable basis, S. 1215, to amend the Methane Hydrate Re-search and Development Act of 2000 to provide for the development of methane hydrate as a commer-cially viable source of energy, S. 1222, to amend the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:05 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D19MY5.REC D19MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D569 May 19, 2015 
Federal Power Act to provide for reports relating to 
electric capacity resources of transmission organiza-tions and the amendment of certain tariffs to address the procurement of electric capacity resources, S. 1224, to reconcile differing Federal approaches to condensate, S. 1226, to amend the Mineral Leasing Act and the Mineral Leasing Act for Acquired Lands to promote a greater domestic helium supply, to es-tablish a Federal helium leasing program for public land, and to secure a helium supply for national de-fense and Federal researchers, S. 1236, to amend the Federal Power Act to modify certain requirements relating to trial-type hearings with respect to certain license applications before the Federal Energy Regu-latory Commission, S. 1264, to amend the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 to establish a renewable electricity standard, S. 1270, to amend the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to reauthorize hydro-electric production incentives and hydroelectric effi-ciency improvement incentives, S. 1271, to require the Secretary of the Interior to issue regulations to prevent or minimize the venting and flaring of gas in oil and gas production operations in the United States, S. 1272, to direct the Comptroller General of the United States to conduct a study on the effects of forward capacity auctions and other capacity mechanisms, S. 1276, to amend the Gulf of Mexico Energy Security Act of 2006 to increase energy ex-ploration and production on the outer Continental Shelf in the Gulf of Mexico, S. 1278, to amend the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act to provide for the conduct of certain lease sales in the Alaska outer Continental Shelf region, to make certain modifica-tions to the North Slope Science Initiative, S. 1279, to provide for revenue sharing of qualified revenues from leases in the South Atlantic planning area, S. 1280, to direct the Secretary of the Interior to estab-lish an annual production incentive fee with respect to Federal onshore and offshore land that is subject to a lease for production of oil or natural gas under which production is not occurring, S. 1282, to amend the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to require the Secretary of Energy to consider the objective of im-proving the conversion, use, and storage of carbon dioxide produced from fossil fuels in carrying out re-search and development programs under that Act, S. 1283, to amend the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to repeal certain programs, to establish a coal tech-nology program, S. 1285, to authorize the Secretary of Energy to enter into contracts to provide certain price stabilization support relating to electric genera-tion units that use coal-based generation technology, S. 1294, to require the Secretary of Energy and the Secretary of Agriculture to collaborate in promoting the development of efficient, economical, and envi-ronmentally sustainable thermally led wood energy systems, and S. 1304, to require the Secretary of En-
ergy to establish a pilot competitive grant program for the development of a skilled energy workforce, after receiving testimony from Abigail Ross Hopper, Director, Bureau of Ocean Energy Management, De-partment of the Interior; Susan N. Kelly, American Public Power Association, Arlington, Virginia; Randal S. Livingston, Pacific Gas and Electric Com-pany, San Francisco, California; Franz A. Matzner, Natural Resources Defense Council, and Erik Milito, American Petroleum Institute, both of Washington, 
D.C.; and Brent J. Sheets, University of Alaska, Fair-banks. 
FEDERAL WATER QUALITY PROTECTION 
ACT 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: Sub-
committee on Fisheries, Water, and Wildlife con-cluded a hearing to examine S. 1140, to require the Secretary of the Army and the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to propose a regu-lation revising the definition of the term ‘‘waters of the United States’’, after receiving testimony from Susan Metzger, Kansas Department of Agriculture Assistant Secretary, Manhattan; Patrick Parenteau, Vermont Law School Environmental and Natural Re-sources Law Clinic, Thetford Center; Andrew Lemley, New Belgium Brewing Company, Fort Col-lins, Colorado; Mark T. Pifher, Colorado Springs Utilities, Colorado Springs, Colorado, on behalf of the National Water Resources Association; and Rob-ert J. Pierce, Wetland Training Institute, Inc., Poolesville, Maryland. 
FOSTER CARE GROUP HOMES 
Committee on Finance: Committee concluded a hearing 
to examine how to safely reduce reliance on foster care group homes, after receiving testimony from Joo Yeun Chang, Associate Commissioner, Children’s Bureau, Administration on Children, Youth and Families, Administration for Children and Families, Department of Health and Human Services; Jeremy Kohomban, The Children’s Village, New York, New York; Matthew J. Reynell, Children Awaiting Par-ents, Rochester, New York; and Alexandra Morgan Gruber, Hamden, Connecticut. 
NOMINATIONS 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded 
a hearing to examine the nominations of Mileydi Guilarte, of the District of Columbia, to be United States Alternate Executive Director of the Inter- American Development Bank, Jennifer Ann Haverkamp, of Indiana, to be Assistant Secretary for Oceans and International Environmental and Sci-entific Affairs, and Brian James Egan, of Maryland, to be Legal Adviser, both of the Department of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:05 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D19MY5.REC D19MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D570 May 19, 2015 
State, Marcia Denise Occomy, of the District of Co-
lumbia, to be United States Director of the African Development Bank for a term of five years, and Sunil Sabharwal, of California, to be United States Alternate Executive Director of the International Monetary Fund for a term of two years. 
EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY 
COMMISSION OVERSIGHT 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: 
Committee concluded an oversight hearing to exam-ine the Equal Employment Opportunity Commis-sion, focusing on examining EEOC’s enforcement and litigation programs, after receiving testimony from Jenny R. Yang, Chair, and P. David Lopez, General Counsel, both of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission. LAW ENFORCEMENT BODY CAMERAS 
Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Crime 
and Terrorism concluded a hearing to examine body cameras, focusing on whether technology can in-crease protection for law enforcement officers and the public, after receiving testimony from Senator Scott; Peter A. Weir, First Judicial District, Golden, Colo-rado, on behalf of the National District Attorneys Association; Lindsay Miller, Police Executive Re-search Forum, and Wade Henderson, The Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, both of Washington, D.C.; and Jarrod Bruder, South Caro-lina Sheriffs’ Association, Columbia. 
INTELLIGENCE 
Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee met in 
closed session to receive a briefing on certain intel-ligence matters from officials of the intelligence community. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 57 pub-
lic bills, H.R. 6, 2405–2460 and 5 resolutions, H. Res. 272, 275–278 were introduced.
      Pages H3386–88 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H3390–91 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: 
H.R. 1119, to improve the efficiency of Federal 
research and development, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–121); 
H.R. 874, to amend the Department of Energy 
High-End Computing Revitalization Act of 2004 to 
improve the high-end computing research and devel-opment program of the Department of Energy, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–122); 
H.R. 1156, to authorize the establishment of a 
body under the National Science and Technology Council to identify and coordinate international science and technology cooperation opportunities (H. Rept. 114–123); 
H.R. 1158, to improve management of the Na-
tional Laboratories, enhance technology commer-cialization, facilitate public-private partnerships, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–124); 
H.R. 1162, to make technical changes to provi-
sions authorizing prize competitions under the Ste-venson-Wydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–125); H.R. 1561, to improve the National Oceanic and 
Atmospheric Administration’s weather research through a focused program of investment on afford-able and attainable advances in observational, com-puting, and modeling capabilities to support sub-stantial improvement in weather forecasting and pre-diction of high impact weather events, to expand commercial opportunities for the provision of weath-er data, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–126); 
H. Res. 273, providing for consideration of the 
bill (H.R. 2262) to facilitate a pro-growth environ-ment for the developing commercial space industry by encouraging private sector investment and cre-ating more stable and predictable regulatory condi-tions, and for other purposes; providing for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 880) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to simplify and make perma-nent the research credit; providing for consideration of motions to suspend the rules; and providing for proceedings during the period from May 22, 2015, through May 29, 2015 (H. Rept. 114–127); and 
H. Res. 274, providing for consideration of the 
bill (H.R. 1335) to amend the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act to pro-vide flexibility for fishery managers and stability for fishermen, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–128).
                                                                      Page H3386 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:05 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D19MY5.REC D19MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D571 May 19, 2015 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Bost to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                                     Page H3313 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:37 a.m. and re-
convened at 12 noon.                                               Page H3317 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the 
Guest Chaplain, Reverend Gregory Goethals, S.J. Loyola High School, Los Angeles, California. 
                                                                                            Page H3317 
Committee Resignation: Read a letter from Rep-
resentative Emmer wherein he resigned from the Committee on Agriculture and the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
                                                           Page H3317 
Committee Resignation: Read a letter from Rep-
resentative Meehan wherein he resigned from the Committee on Homeland Security.
                  Page H3318 
Committee Elections: The House agreed to H. Res. 
272, electing Members to certain standing commit-tees of the House of Representatives.
              Page H3318 
Suspension—Proceedings Resumed: The House 
agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measure which was debated on Monday, May 18th: 
Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015: 
S. 178, to provide justice for the victims of traf-ficking, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 420 yeas to 3 
nays, Roll No. 244.                                           Pages H3329–30 
Unanimous Consent Agreement: Agreed by unan-
imous consent that the question of adopting a mo-tion to recommit on H.R. 2353 may be subject to postponement as though under clause 8 of rule 20. 
                                                                                            Page H3330 
Highway and Transportation Funding Act of 2015: The House passed H.R. 2353, to provide an 
extension of Federal-aid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, by a re-corded vote of 387 ayes to 35 noes with one answer-ing ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 249.
   Pages H3330–39, H3359–61 
Rejected the Esty motion to recommit the bill to 
the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a yea-and- nay vote of 182 yeas to 241 nays, Roll No. 248. 
                                                                Pages H3338–39, H3359–60 
H. Res. 271, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bills (H.R. 1806), (H.R. 2250), and (H.R. 2353), was agreed to by a yea-and-nay vote of 242 yeas to 179 nays, Roll No. 243, after the previous question was ordered.
                                      Pages H3321–29 
Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2016: The House passed H.R. 2250, making appropria-tions for the Legislative Branch for fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, by a yea-and-nay vote 357 yeas 
to 67 nays, Roll No. 247.
                            Pages H3339–59 
Agreed to: 
Flores amendment (No. 2 printed in part B of H. 
Rept. 114–120) that prohibits any funds for deliv-ering printed copies of the Congressional Pictorial Directory; and
                                                     Pages H3354–55 
Ratcliffe amendment (No. 1 printed in part B of 
H. Rept. 114–120) that zeros out $5,700,000 in funding for the Open World Leadership Center and applies the savings to the spending reduction ac-count (by a recorded vote of 224 ayes to 199 noes, Roll No. 245).
                                 Pages H3353–54, H3357–58 
Rejected: 
Blackburn amendment (No. 3 printed in part B 
of H. Rept. 114–120) that provides for a one per-cent across the board cut. Exempts Capitol Police, Architect of the Capitol, and the Sergeant at Arms (by a recorded vote of 172 ayes to 250 noes, Roll No. 246).
                                           Pages H3356–57, H3358–59 
H. Res. 271, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bills (H.R. 1806), (H.R. 2250), and (H.R. 2353), was agreed to by a yea-and-nay vote of 242 yeas to 179 nays, Roll No. 243, after the previous question was ordered.
                                      Pages H3321–29 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules 
and pass the following measures: 
American Super Computing Leadership Act: 
H.R. 874, to amend the Department of Energy High-End Computing Revitalization Act of 2004 to improve the high-end computing research and devel-opment program of the Department of Energy; 
                                                                                    Pages H3361–63 
Science Prize Competitions Act: H.R. 1162, 
amended, to make technical changes to provisions authorizing prize competitions under the Stevenson- Wydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980; 
                                                                                    Pages H3363–65 
Research and Development Efficiency Act: H.R. 
1119, amended, to improve the efficiency of Federal research and development;
                            Pages H3365–66 
International Science and Technology Coopera-
tion Act of 2015: H.R. 1156, amended, to authorize 
the establishment of a body under the National Science and Technology Council to identify and co-ordinate international science and technology co-operation opportunities;
                                 Pages H3366–67 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To au-
thorize the establishment or designation of a work-ing group under the National Science and Tech-nology Council to identify and coordinate inter-national science and technology cooperation opportu-nities.’’.
                                                                           Page H3367 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:05 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D19MY5.REC D19MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D572 May 19, 2015 
Weather Research and Forecasting Innovation 
Act of 2015: H.R. 1561, amended, to improve the 
National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration’s weather research through a focused program of in-vestment on affordable and attainable advances in observational, computing, and modeling capabilities to support substantial improvement in weather fore-casting and prediction of high impact weather events, and to expand commercial opportunities for the provision of weather data; and
           Pages H3367–73 
Department of Energy Laboratory Moderniza-
tion and Technology Transfer Act of 2015: H.R. 
1158, amended, to improve management of the Na-tional Laboratories, enhance technology commer-cialization, and facilitate public-private partnerships. 
                                                                                    Pages H3373–77 
Presidential Message: Read a message from the 
President wherein he notified Congress that the na-tional emergency declared with respect to the sta-bilization of Iraq is to continue in effect beyond May 22, 2015—referred to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs and ordered to be printed (H. Doc. 114–40). 
                                                                                            Page H3339 
Senate Messages: Messages received from the Senate 
by the Deputy Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appear on page H3321. 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Four yea-and-nay votes and 
three recorded votes developed during the pro-ceedings of today and appear on pages H3329, H3329–30, H3357–58, H3358–59, H3359, H3359–60, and H3360–61. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 8:09 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
ADDRESSING WASTE, FRAUD, AND ABUSE 
IN FEDERAL CHILD NUTRITION PROGRAMS 
Committee on Education and the Workforce: Sub-
committee on Early Childhood, Elementary, and Sec-ondary Education held a hearing entitled ‘‘Address-ing Waste, Fraud, and Abuse in Federal Child Nu-trition Programs’’. Testimony was heard from Kay E. Brown, Director, Education, Workforce, and Income Security, Government Accountability Office; Gil Harden, Assistant Inspector General, Office of In-spector General, Department of Agriculture; Jessica Lucas-Judy, Acting Director, Forensic Audits and In-vestigating Service, Government Accountability Of-fice; and a public witness. DISCUSSION DRAFT ADDRESSING ENERGY 
RELIABILITY AND SECURITY 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Energy and Power held a hearing entitled ‘‘Discus-sion Draft Addressing Energy Reliability and Secu-rity’’. Testimony was heard from Michael Bardee, Director, Office of Electric Reliability, Federal En-ergy Regulatory Commission; and public witnesses. 
OVERSIGHT OF THE CONSUMER PRODUCT 
SAFETY COMMISSION 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on 
Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade held a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Consumer Product Safety Commission’’. Testimony was heard from Elliot F. Kaye, Chairman, Consumer Product Safety Commis-sion; Robert S. Adler, Commissioner, Consumer Product Safety Commission; Ann Marie Buerkle, Commissioner, Consumer Product Safety Commis-sion; Joseph Mohorovic, Commissioner, Consumer Product Safety Commission; public witnesses. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Full Committee 
began a markup on H.R. 6, the ‘‘21st Century Cures Act’’. 
THE FUTURE OF HOUSING IN AMERICA: 
OVERSIGHT OF THE RURAL HOUSING SERVICE 
Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on 
Housing and Insurance held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Future of Housing in America: Oversight of the Rural Housing Service’’. Testimony was heard from Tony Hernandez, Administrator, Rural Housing Service, Department of Agriculture; and Mathew Scire, Director, Financial Markets and Community Investment, Government Accountability Office. 
PROTECTING CRITICAL INFRASTRUCTURE: 
HOW THE FINANCIAL SECTOR ADDRESSES CYBER THREATS 
Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Fi-
nancial Institutions and Consumer Credit held a hearing entitled ‘‘Protecting Critical Infrastructure: How the Financial Sector Addresses Cyber Threats’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
TRADE PROMOTION AGENCIES AND U.S. 
FOREIGN POLICY 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Ter-
rorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade held a hearing entitled ‘‘Trade Promotion Agencies and U.S. For-eign Policy’’. Testimony was heard from Fred P. Hochberg, Chairman and President, Export-Import Bank of the United States; Elizabeth L. Littlefield, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:05 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D19MY5.REC D19MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D573 May 19, 2015 
President and Chief Executive Officer, Overseas Pri-
vate Investment Corporation; Leocadia I. Zak, Direc-tor, U.S. Trade and Development Agency; and pub-lic witnesses. 
THE FUTURE OF U.S.-HUNGARY 
RELATIONS 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Eu-
rope, Eurasia, and Emerging Threats held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Future of U.S.-Hungary Relations’’. Testimony was heard from Hoyt Brian Yee, Deputy Assistant Secretary, Bureau of European and Eurasian Affairs, Department of State; and public witnesses. 
EXAMINING DHS SCIENCE AND 
TECHNOLOGY DIRECTORATE’S ENGAGEMENT WITH ACADEMIA AND INDUSTRY 
Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on Cy-
bersecurity, Infrastructure Protection, and Security Technologies held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining DHS Science and Technology Directorate’s Engage-ment with Academia and Industry’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
POLICING STRATEGIES FOR THE 21ST 
CENTURY 
Committee on the Judiciary: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘Policing Strategies for the 21st Century’’. Testimony was heard from Sheriff David A. Clarke, Jr., Milwaukee County Sheriff’s Office; Susan Lee Rahr, Executive Director, Washington State Criminal Justice Training Commission, and Member of President Obama’s Task Force on 21st Century Policing; and public witnesses. 
ONGOING OVERSIGHT: MONITORING THE 
ACTIVITIES OF THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT’S CIVIL, TAX AND ENVIRONMENT AND NATURAL RESOURCES DIVISIONS AND THE U.S. TRUSTEE PROGRAM 
Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Regu-
latory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law held a hearing entitled ‘‘Ongoing Oversight: Monitoring the Activities of the Justice Department’s Civil, Tax and Environment and Natural Resources Divisions and the U.S. Trustee Program’’. Testimony was heard from the following Department of Justice offi-cials: Benjamin C. Mizer, Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General, Civil Division; John C. Cruden, Assistant Attorney General, Environment and Nat-ural Resources Division; Caroline D. Ciraolo, Acting Assistant Attorney General, Tax Division; Clifford J. White III, Director, U.S. Trustee Program; and pub-lic witnesses. EMPOWERING STATE MANAGEMENT OF 
GREATER SAGE GROUSE 
Committee on Natural Resources: Full Committee held 
a hearing entitled ‘‘Empowering State Management of Greater Sage Grouse’’. Testimony was heard from Kathleen Clarke, Director, Utah Public Lands Policy Coordinating Office, State of Utah; Dustin Miller, Administrator, Idaho Office of Species Conservation, State of Idaho; John Swartout, Senior Policy Advisor, Office of Governor John Hickenlooper, State of Colo-rado; and a public witness. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full 
Committee held a markup on H.R. 2395, the ‘‘In-spector General Reform Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1777, the ‘‘Presidential Allowance Modernization Act’’; H.R. 1831, the ‘‘Evidence-Based Policymaking Commission Act of 2015’’; H.R. 451, the ‘‘Safe and Secure Federal Websites Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1759, the ‘‘All Economic Regulations are Transparent (ALERT) Act of 2015’’; H.R. 728, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 7050 Highway BB in Cedar Hill, Missouri, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class William B. Woods, Jr. Post Office’’; H.R. 891, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 141 Paloma Drive in Floresville, Texas, as the ‘‘Floresville Vet-erans Post Office Building’’; H.R. 1326, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 2000 Mulford Road in Mulberry, Florida, as the ‘‘Sergeant First Class Daniel M. Ferguson Post Office’’; H.R. 1350, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 442 East 167th Street in Bronx, New York, as the ‘‘Herman Badillo Post Office Building’’; H.R. 1442, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 90 Cornell Street in Kingston, New York, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Robert H. Dietz Post Office Building’’; H.R. 1524, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1 Walter Hammond Place in Waldwick, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Joseph D’Augustine Post Office Building’’. The following bills were ordered re-ported, as amended: H.R. 1777, H.R. 1831, and H.R. 451. The following bills were ordered reported, without amendment: H.R. 2395, H.R. 1759, H.R. 728, H.R. 891, H.R. 1326, H.R. 1350, H.R. 1442, and H.R. 1524. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:05 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D19MY5.REC D19MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D574 May 19, 2015 
AMERICAN RESEARCH AND 
COMPETITIVENESS ACT OF 2015; STRENGTHENING FISHING COMMUNITIES AND INCREASING FLEXIBILITY IN FISHERIES MANAGEMENT ACT; SPACE ACT OF 2015 
Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on 
H.R. 880, the ‘‘American Research and Competitive-ness Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1335, the ‘‘Strengthening Fishing Communities and Increasing Flexibility in Fisheries Management Act’’; and H.R. 2262, the ‘‘SPACE Act of 2015’’. The committee granted, by a record vote of 9–4, a structured rule for H.R. 1335. The rule provides one hour of general debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule makes in order as original text for purpose of amendment an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–16 and provides that it shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against that amendment in the nature of a substitute. The rule makes in order only those further amendments printed in the Rules Committee report. Each such amendment may be of-fered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the re-port, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, may be withdrawn by the proponent at any time be-fore action thereon, shall not be subject to amend-ment, and shall not be subject to a demand for divi-sion of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amendments printed in the report. 
The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. The Committee granted, by voice vote, a structured rule for H.R. 2262. The rule provides one hour of general debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology or their respective designees. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule makes in order as original text for pur-pose of amendment an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Com-mittee Print 114–17 and provides that it shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against that amendment in the nature of a substitute. The rule makes in order only those fur-ther amendments printed in part A of the Rules Committee report. Each such amendment may be of-fered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the re-port, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided 
and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amend-ments printed in part A of the report. The rule pro-vides one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. Additionally, the rule granted a closed rule for H.R. 880. The rule provides one hour of de-bate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Ways and Means, modified by the amendment printed in part B of the Rules Committee report, shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be consid-ered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. In section 3, the rule provides that it shall be in order at any time on the legislative day of May 21, 2015, for the Speaker to entertain mo-tions that the House suspend the rules. In section 4, the rule provides that the Committee on Appropria-tions may, at any time before 5 p.m. on Wednesday, May 27, 2015, file privileged reports to accompany measures making appropriations for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016. In section 5, the rule provides that on any legislative day during the pe-riod from May 22, 2015, through May 29, 2015: the Journal of the proceedings of the previous day shall be considered as approved; and the Chair may at any time declare the House adjourned to meet at a date and time to be announced by the Chair in de-claring the adjournment. In section 6, the rule pro-vides that the Speaker may appoint Members to per-form the duties of the Chair for the duration of the period addressed by section 5. Testimony was heard from Chairman Bishop of Utah, Chairman Ryan of Wisconsin, Chairman Smith of Texas, and Rep-resentatives Huffman, Young of Alaska, Graves of Louisiana, Jones, Austin Scott of Georgia, Crowley, and Eddie Bernice Johnson of Texas. 
IMPROVING CAPITAL ACCESS PROGRAMS 
WITHIN THE SBA 
Committee on Small Business: Subcommittee on Eco-
nomic Growth, Tax and Capital Access held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Improving Capital Access Programs within the SBA’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:05 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D19MY5.REC D19MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D575 May 19, 2015 
PACIFIC NORTHWEST SEISMIC HAZARDS: 
PLANNING AND PREPARING FOR THE NEXT DISASTER 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure: Sub-
committee on Economic Development, Public Build-ings, and Emergency Management held a hearing en-titled ‘‘Pacific Northwest Seismic Hazards: Planning and Preparing for the Next Disaster’’. Testimony was heard from Robert J. Fenton, Jr., Deputy Associate Administrator, Office of Response and Recovery, Federal Emergency Management Agency; and public witnesses. 
IMPROVING COMPETITION IN MEDICARE: 
REMOVING MORATORIA AND EXPANDING ACCESS 
Committee on Ways and Means: Subcommittee on 
Health held a hearing entitled ‘‘Improving Competi-tion in Medicare: Removing Moratoria and Expand-ing Access’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see DAILY DIGEST , p. D488) 
S. 665, to encourage, enhance, and integrate Blue 
Alert plans throughout the United States in order to disseminate information when a law enforcement of-ficer is seriously injured or killed in the line of duty, is missing in connection with the officer’s official duties, or an imminent and credible threat that an individual intends to cause the serious injury or death of a law enforcement officer is received. Signed on May 19, 2015. (Public Law 114–12) 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, 
MAY 20, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-
ment of Defense, to receive a closed briefing on Syria, 11 a.m., SVC–217. 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: busi-
ness meeting to consider S. 1331, to help enhance com-merce through improved seasonal forecasts, S. 1297, to update the Commercial Space Launch Act by amending title 51, United States Code, to promote competitiveness of the U.S. commercial space sector, S. 1326, to amend certain maritime programs of the Department of Trans-portation, S. 1040, to direct the Consumer Product Safety Commission and the National Academy of Sciences to study the vehicle handling requirements proposed by the Commission for recreational off-highway vehicles and to 
prohibit the adoption of any such requirements until the completion of the study, S. 1359, to allow manufacturers to meet warranty and labeling requirements for consumer products by displaying the terms of warranties on Inter-net websites, S. 806, to amend section 31306 of title 49, United States Code, to recognize hair as an alternative specimen for preemployment and random controlled sub-stances testing of commercial motor vehicle drivers and for other purposes, S. 1315, to protect the right of law- abiding citizens to transport knives interstate, notwith-standing a patchwork of local and State prohibitions, S. 1334, to strengthen enforcement mechanisms to stop ille-gal, unreported, and unregulated fishing, to amend the Tuna Conventions Act of 1950 to implement the Antigua Convention, S. 1335, to implement the Convention on the Conservation and Management of the High Seas Fish-eries Resources in the North Pacific Ocean, as adopted at Tokyo on February 24, 2012, S. 1251, to implement the Amendment to the Convention on Future Multilateral Cooperation in the Northwest Atlantic Fisheries, as adopted by Lisbon, Portugal on September 28, 2007, S. 1336, to implement the Convention on the Conservation and Management of the High Seas Fishery Resources in the South Pacific Ocean, as adopted at Auckland on No-vember 14, 2009, H.R. 1020, to define STEM education to include computer science, and to support existing STEM education programs at the National Science Foun-dation, H.R. 710, to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to prepare a comprehensive security assessment of the transportation security card program, and the nomi-nations of Daniel R. Elliott III, of Ohio, to be a Member of the Surface Transportation Board for a term expiring December 31, 2018, Mario Cordero, of California, to be a Federal Maritime Commissioner for the term expiring June 30, 2019, and a routine list in the Coast Guard, 10:30 a.m., SR–253. 
Subcommittee on Oceans, Atmosphere, Fisheries, and 
Coast Guard, to hold hearings to examine improvements and innovations in fishery management and data collec-tion, 2:30 p.m., SR–253. 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: Sub-
committee on Superfund, Waste Management, and Regu-latory Oversight, to hold an oversight hearing to examine scientific advisory panels and processes at the Environ-mental Protection Agency, including S. 543, to amend the Environmental Research, Development, and Dem-onstration Authorization Act of 1978 to provide for Sci-entific Advisory Board member qualifications, public par-ticipation, 9:30 a.m., SD–406. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-
ine U.S. Cuban relations, focusing on the way forward, 10 a.m., SD–419. 
Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the 
nominations of Gregory T. Delawie, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Kosovo, Ian C. Kelly, of Illinois, to be Ambassador to Georgia, Nancy Bikoff 
Pettit, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Latvia, Azita Raji, of California, to be Ambassador to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:05 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D19MY5.REC D19MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D576 May 19, 2015 
Kingdom of Sweden, and Julieta Valls Noyes, of Vir-
ginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Croatia, all of the Department of State, 2:30 p.m., SD–419. 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: to 
hold hearings to examine reauthorizing the Higher Edu-cation Act, focusing on exploring institutional risk-shar-ing, 10 a.m., SD–430. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Federal Manage-ment, to hold hearings to examine 21st century ideas for the 20th century Federal civil service, 10 a.m., SD–342. 
Committee on Indian Affairs: to hold an oversight hear-
ing to examine addressing the needs of Native commu-nities through Indian Water Rights Settlements, 2:15 p.m., SD–628. 
Committee on Judiciary: Subcommittee on the Constitu-
tion, to hold hearings to examine taking sexual assault se-riously, focusing on the rape kit backlog and human rights, 2:30 p.m., SD–226. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: to hold a joint hearing 
with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to exam-ine the legislative presentation of multiple veterans serv-ice organizations, 10 a.m., SH–216. 
Special Committee on Aging: to hold hearings to examine 
solutions to the hospital observation stay crisis, 2:15 p.m., SD–562. 
House 
Committee on Agriculture , Full Committee, markup on 
H.R. 2393, to amend the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 to repeal country of origin labeling requirements with respect to beef, pork, and chicken, and for other purposes; and H.R. 2394, the ‘‘National Forest Founda-tion Reauthorization Act of 2015’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Long-worth. 
Subcommittee on Nutrition, hearing entitled ‘‘Past, 
Present, and Future of SNAP: The World of Nutrition, Government Duplication and Unmet Needs’’, 1:30 p.m., 1300 Longworth. 
Committee on Appropriations , Subcommittee on Defense, 
markup on Defense Appropriations Bill, FY 2016, 9:30 a.m., H–140 Capitol. This markup will be closed. 
Full Committee, markup on Commerce, Justice, and 
Science Appropriations Bill for FY 2016, 10:30 a.m., 2359 Rayburn. 
Committee on Education and the Workforce , Subcommittee 
on Workforce Protections, hearing entitled ‘‘Reforming the Workers’ Compensation Program for Federal Employ-ees’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce , Full Committee, 
markup on H.R. 6, the ‘‘21st Century Cures Act’’ (con-tinued), 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Com-munications and Technology, markup on a discussion draft of the ‘‘FCC Process Reform Act of 2015’’; a bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to require the Federal Communications Commission to publish on its Internet website changes to the rules of the Commission not later than 24 hours after adoption; a bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to require the Federal Communications Commission to publish on the website of the Commission documents to be voted on by the Commission; a bill to amend the Communications Act of 
1934 to require identification and description on the website of the Federal Communications Commission of items to be decided on authority delegated by the Com-mission; a bill to direct the Federal Communications Commission to submit to Congress a report on improving the participation of small businesses in the proceedings of the Commission; a bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to provide for a quarterly report on pending requests for action by the Federal Communications Com-mission and pending congressional investigations of the 
Commission; and a bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to provide for publication on the Internet website of the Federal Communications Commission of certain policies and procedures established by the chair-man of the Commission, 2 p.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
Committee on Financial Services , Full Committee, markup 
on H.R. 432, the ‘‘SBIC Advisers Relief Act of 2015’’; H.R. 686, the ‘‘Small Business Mergers, Acquisitions, Sales, and Brokerage Simplification Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1334, the ‘‘Holding Company Registration Threshold Equalization Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1525, the ‘‘Disclosure Modernization and Simplification Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1675, the ‘‘Encouraging Employee Ownership Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1723, the ‘‘Small Company Simple Registra-tion Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1847, the ‘‘Swap Data Reposi-tory and Clearinghouse Indemnification Correction Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1965, the ‘‘Small Company Disclosure Sim-plification Act’’; H.R. 1975, the ‘‘Securities and Exchange Commission Overpayment Credit Act’’; H.R. 2064, the ‘‘Improving Access to Capital for Emerging Growth Companies Act’’; H.R. 2354, the ‘‘Streamlining Excessive and Costly Regulations Review Act’’; H.R. 2356, the ‘‘Fair Access to Investment Research Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2357, the ‘‘Accelerating Access to Capital Act of 2015’’; and a resolution to name a new Republican Member of the Committee to subcommittees, 10 a.m., 2128 Ray-burn. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs , Subcommittee on the Mid-
dle East and North Africa, hearing entitled ‘‘Egypt Two Years After Morsi: Part I’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Sub-committee on Asia and the Pacific, markup on H.R. 1853, to direct the President to develop a strategy to ob-tain observer status for Taiwan in the International Criminal Police Organization, and for other purposes; and H. Res. 235, expressing deepest condolences to and soli-darity with the people of Nepal following the devastating earthquake on April 25, 2015; hearing entitled ‘‘Everest Trembled: Lessons Learned from the Nepal Earthquake Response’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global 
Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘Developments in Rwanda’’, 2 p.m., 2200 Ray-burn. 
Committee on Homeland Security , Full Committee, mark-
up on H.R. 1300, the ‘‘First Responder Anthrax Pre-paredness Act’’; H.R. 1615, the ‘‘DHS FOIA Efficiency Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1626, the ‘‘DHS IT Duplication Re-duction Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1633, the ‘‘DHS Paid Ad-ministrative Leave Accountability Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1637, the ‘‘Federally Funded Research and Development 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:05 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D19MY5.REC D19MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D577 May 19, 2015 
Sunshine Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1640, the ‘‘Department of 
Homeland Security Headquarters Consolidation Account-ability Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1646, the ‘‘Homeland Secu-rity Drone Assessment and Analysis Act’’; H.R. 1738, the ‘‘Integrated Public Alert and Warning System Mod-ernization Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2200, the ‘‘CBRN Intel-ligence and Information Sharing Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2206, the ‘‘SWIC Enhancement Act’’; and H.R. 2390, the ‘‘Homeland Security University-based Centers Review Act’’, 11 a.m., 311 Cannon. 
Committee on House Administration , Full Committee, 
hearing on the United States Capitol Police, 2 p.m., 1310 Longworth. 
Committee on Natural Resources , Subcommittee on Federal 
Lands; and Subcommittee on Water, Power and Oceans, joint hearing on a discussion draft of a bill to protect and enhance opportunities for recreational hunting, fishing, and shooting, and for other purposes, 9:30 a.m., 1324 Longworth. 
Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Resources, hear-
ing on a discussion draft titled the ‘‘National Energy Se-curity Corridors Act’’, 10 a.m., 1334 Longworth. 
Subcommittee on Water, Power and Oceans, hearing 
on the ‘‘Electricity Reliability and Forest Protection Act’’, 1:30 p.m., 1324 Longworth. 
Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, hearing 
entitled ‘‘State Perspectives on the Status of Cooperating Agencies for the Office of Surface Mining’s Stream Pro-
tection Rule’’, 2 p.m., 1334 Longworth. 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology , Subcommittee 
on Environment, hearing entitled ‘‘Advancing Commer-cial Weather Data: Collaborative Efforts to Improve Fore-casts’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
Committee on Small Business , Full Committee, hearing 
entitled ‘‘Across Town, Across Oceans: Expanding the Role of Small Business in Global Commerce’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure , Full Com-
mittee, markup on H.R. 2322, the ‘‘Public Buildings Re-form and Savings Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2131, to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 83 Meeting Street in Charleston, South Carolina, as the ‘‘J. Waties Waring Judicial Center’’; and two General Services Administration Resolutions, 10 a.m., 2167 Ray-burn. 
Committee on Ways And Means , Subcommittee on Over-
sight, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Use of Adminis-trative Actions in the Implementation of the Affordable Care Act’’, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Hearing: Senate Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, 
to hold a joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to examine the legislative presentation of multiple veterans service organizations, 10 a.m., SH–216. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:05 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D19MY5.REC D19MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD578 May 19, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
9:30 a.m., Wednesday, May 20 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Senate will continue consider-
ation of H.R. 1314, Ensuring Tax Exempt Organizations the Right to Appeal Act. The filing deadline for first-de-gree amendments to the bill and to Hatch Amendment No. 1221 to the bill is at 1 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
10 a.m., Wednesday, May 20 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Consideration of H.R. 880— 
American Research and Competitiveness Act (Subject to a Rule) and H.R. 1806—America COMPETES Reauthor-ization Act (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Barletta, Lou, Pa., E749 
Bordallo, Madeleine Z., Guam, E751 Calvert, Ken, Calif., E747 Capps, Lois, Calif., E749 Cartwright, Matt, Pa., E748 Davis, Rodney, Ill., E746 DeFazio, Peter A., Ore., E750 Emmer, Tom, Minn., E747 Farenthold, Blake, Tex., E747 Frelinghuysen, Rodney P., N.J., E744, E751 Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E746, E750 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E743 
Keating, William R., Mass., E744 Kildee, Daniel T., Mich., E746, E752 Kuster, Ann M., N.H., E749 Lamborn, Doug, Colo., E743 Langevin, James R., R.I., E748 Loebsack, David, Iowa, E743 Long, Billy, Mo., E749 Luetkemeyer, Blaine, Mo., E743 Lynch, Stephen F., Mass., E752 Maloney, Carolyn B., N.Y., E751 McDermott, Jim, Wash., E751 McKinley, David B., W.Va., E750 Miller, Jeff, Fla., E744 
Napolitano, Grace F., Calif., E746 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, D.C., E747 Olson, Pete, Tex., E753 Pascrell, Bill, Jr., N.J., E747 Rangel, Charles B., N.Y., E752 Scott, David, Ga., E744 Smith, Adrian, Nebr., E745 Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E745 Thornberry, Mac, Tex., E752, E753 Valadao, David G., Calif., E747 Van Hollen, Chris, Md., E752 Wittman, Robert J., Va., E743 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:05 May 20, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D19MY5.REC D19MYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST