Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H9273 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 11, 2015 No. 180 
Senate 
The Senate was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Monday, December 14, 2015, at 12 p.m. 
House of Representatives 
FRIDAY , DECEMBER 11, 2015 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
Merciful God, we give You thanks for 
giving us another day. We pause in Your presence and ask guidance for the 
men and women of the people’s House. 
Enable them, O God, to act on what 
they believe to be right and true and just and to do so in ways that show re-spect for those with whom they dis-agree. 
Send Your Spirit of peace upon our 
Nation. Endow the Members of this House and all our governmental leaders 
with the wisdom to respond with what-ever policies and laws might be needed to ensure greater peace and security in our land. 
Bless us this day and every day, and 
may all that is done be for Your great-er honor and glory. 
Amen. 
NOTICE 
If the 114th Congress, 1st Session, adjourns sine die on or before December 24, 2015, a final issue of the Congres-
sional Record for the 114th Congress, 1st Session, will be published on Thursday, December 31, 2015, to permit Members 
to insert statements. 
All material for insertion must be signed by the Member and delivered to the respective offices of the Official Reporters 
of Debates (Room HT–59 or S–123 of the Capitol), Monday through Friday, between the hours of 10:00 a.m. and 3:00 p.m. through Wednesday, December 30. The final issue will be dated Thursday, December 31, 2015, and will be delivered on Monday, January 4, 2016. 
None of the material printed in the final issue of the Congressional Record may contain subject matter, or relate to 
any event, that occurred after the sine die date. 
Senators’ statements should also be formatted according to the instructions at http://webster.senate.gov/secretary/ 
Departments/Reporters lDebates/resources/cong lrecord.pdf, and submitted electronically, either on a disk to accompany 
the signed statement, or by e-mail to the Official Reporters of Debates at ‘‘Record@Sec.Senate.gov’’. 
Members of the House of Representatives’ statements may also be submitted electronically by e-mail, to accompany 
the signed statement, and formatted according to the instructions for the Extensions of Remarks template at https ://housenet.house.gov/legislative/research-and-reference/transcripts-and-records/electronic-congressional-record-inserts. 
The Official Reporters will transmit to GPO the template formatted electronic file only after receipt of, and authentication with, the hard copy, and signed manuscript. Deliver statements to the Official Reporters in Room HT–59. 
Members of Congress desiring to purchase reprints of material submitted for inclusion in the Congressional Record 
may do so by contacting the Office of Congressional Publishing Services, at the Government Publishing Office, on 512– 0224, between the hours of 8:00 a.m. and 4:00 p.m. daily. 
By order of the Joint Committee on Printing. 
GREGG HARPER, Chairman. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:42 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 8633 E:\CR\FM\A11DE7.000 H11DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9274 December 11, 2015 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-
ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
The SPEAKER. The question is on 
the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. 
The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8, 
rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
The point of no quorum is considered 
withdrawn. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman 
from New Jersey (Mr. N ORCROSS ) come 
forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. NORCROSS led the Pledge of Al-
legiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-
tain up to five requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
EAST BEND SMALL TOWN 
CHRISTMAS 
(Ms. FOXX asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, on Satur-
day, November 28, residents in Yadkin County gathered for the annual Small Town Christmas celebration at the East Bend fire station. 
Although East Bend is a small com-
munity, its citizens know how to start the holiday season off right. The fire-fighters and Ladies Auxiliary group worked hard to get the station ready, and their efforts were appreciated by everyone who attended. 
The evening began with a devotional 
and the lighting of the Christmas tree. While the chicken stew and pinto beans that followed were certainly delicious, the focus on faith was the real draw. 
It is easy to get distracted during the 
days and weeks leading up to Christ-mas. So it was uplifting to see the com-munity of East Bend once again take time to reflect on this season of grace and let the Lord’s infinite joy fill their hearts. 
It was a pleasure to be a part of their 
celebration, and I commend them for it. HONORING THE LIFE OF KATE 
M
CCARTHY 
(Mr. BLUMENAUER asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, 
this Sunday friends, family, and admir-ers of Kate McCarthy will gather in the shadow of Mount Hood that she loved. They will share stories of young Kate as a smart, free-spirited woman, edu-cated at Portland’s Reed College, work-ing on Mount Hood’s historic Timber-line Lodge the day it opened in 1937 with President Roosevelt. Her family will regale with tales of challenges of managing four interesting children, shall we say. 
The central narrative will be her 
knowledge, stewardship, and love of special places like the Columbia River Gorge, her advocacy and leadership for sound land use and above all, Mount Hood. 
She challenged me to focus on the en-
tire responsibility for protecting that mountain, leading not just to 120,000 acres of wilderness, but enacting a comprehensive vision for its protec-tion. 
She was a passionate, committed vi-
sionary whose influence will be felt and seen for generations. 
f 
DON’T FUND UNESCO BECAUSE IT 
HAS RECOGNIZED A NON-EXIST-ENT PALESTINIAN STATE 
(Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, 
Secretary Kerry has been pressuring the Israeli Government to relent in its opposition to U.S. funding for UNESCO. 
It is a shame Secretary Kerry isn’t 
using the full weight of his office to hold Abu Mazen and the corrupt Pales-tinian Authority accountable for their incitement to violence and their con-tinued efforts to de-legitimize and iso-late the Jewish state at the U.N. while pursuing unilateral state recognition. 
But, with all due respect to the 
Israeli Government’s newfound posi-tion, which undoubtedly was achieved under duress, this is a matter of U.S. law and Congress’ clear desire to force fundamental reforms at the broken U.N. system. 
Our laws are clear. No taxpayer dol-
lars can be used to fund any agency at the U.N. that admits a nonexistent state of Palestine. UNESCO did, so, therefore, no U.S. dollars. 
I urge Congress not to relent, but to 
stand with me and defend our jurisdic-tion and continue to uphold both the letter and the spirit of the law. 
f 
TERRORIST GUN LOOPHOLE 
(Mr. NORCROSS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Speaker, these 
are very anxious times here in America with good reason. We have an urgent national security issue at hand that al-lows somebody who is on the terrorist watch list to legally purchase a fire-arm. 
How can somebody who pledges alle-
giance to ISIS be allowed to purchase a gun here in America? 
We would never give a set of keys to 
somebody who was drunk to get behind the wheel. How is it that we allow someone a license to go and purchase a firearm? 
We allow them to go and purchase a 
firearm in this country who are on the terrorist watch list. Would the same fight be taking place if they wanted to get onto an airliner, saying: Hey, let’s let he or she on. They are on the ter-rorist watch list. I want them to fly with me. 
That is the insanity we are dealing 
with. Over the course of the next few weeks, we have the ability to make a commonsense, simple approach to re-ducing the chance of terrorism here in America; that is, to keep those who are on the terrorist watch list from pur-chasing a firearm. 
Let’s come together, bipartisan, and 
pass this approach. 
f 
PRESIDENT OBAMA BROKE THE 
LAW WITH THE BERGDAHL DEAL 
(Mr. WILSON of South Carolina 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, in May 2014, the President shocked the world by announcing that he had negotiated with terrorists to se-cure the disgraced Sergeant Bergdahl’s release from the Taliban. 
Yesterday the House Armed Services 
Committee, led by Chairman M
AC 
THORNBERRY , issued an in-depth report 
dealing with the President’s secret ne-gotiations. The report verified that the transfer violated several laws. 
The American public was misled 
about the efforts to arrange the terror-ists’ pardon before it took place. Senior officials within the Department of De-fense that were best equipped to evalu-ate the national security risk with this specific transfer were excluded from the process. 
The President failed to take signifi-
cant precautions to eliminate the risks posed by the Taliban Five, putting all American families as targets of more murderous attacks. 
In conclusion, God bless our troops, 
and may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
We should all appreciate the six 
American heroes from the 4th Brigade Combat Team (Airborne), 25th Infantry Division, who were killed in action while searching for Bergdahl to leave no one behind. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:42 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11DE7.001 H11DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9275 December 11, 2015 
REAUTHORIZE THE JAMES 
ZADROGA ACT 
(Mr. CROWLEY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, the 
James Zadroga Act, the 9/11 Victims Health and Compensation Act, is up for renewal, surprise to everyone. It passed 5 years ago with a 5-year limit to be re-enacted in this Congress. 
What has happened? Absolutely noth-
ing. We keep waiting. We were told that the 9/11 victims compensation bill, the Zadroga Act, would be on the transportation bill. It was mysteri-ously withdrawn at the last moment. We don’t know when this bill will pass. 
What has happened to this place? 
What has happened to the spirit of bi-partisanship to get this bill passed? 
How can you, on the Republican side, 
go so low as to use this bill as grease to pass other legislation? That is what is being done right now. 
The 9/11 Victims Act is being used as 
grease to pass other bills. It is out-rageous. It is disrespectful to the men and women who gave all to serve this country, people who have stage 4 can-cer today and are dying. It gives them no more solace to know that their country is not standing by them. 
We continue to say ‘‘never forget,’’ 
yet we continue to forget in this Christmastime, in this holiday season, those who are suffering. 
Give them peace of heart and mind, 
and pass this bill. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO MEG MECCARIELLO 
(Mr. KATKO asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to pay tribute to the life of Meg Lawyer-Meccariello, who fought a hard battle against mesothelioma, an asbes-tos-related cancer. 
Early in my term I met Meg in my 
office in Washington when she came to share the story of her sister, Mary Jo Lawyer Spano, who lost her life in her courageous battle with mesothelioma. 
Meg shared how mesothelioma had 
tragically impacted her family, claim-ing the lives of Mary Jo and her father and leaving Meg and her sisters with unnerving diagnoses. 
I vividly remember Meg’s frustration 
and disparity by the information and lack of awareness about mesothelioma. 
Despite all of this, Meg was a tre-
mendous advocate for finding a cure for this terrible disease. Meg was instru-mental in the introduction of legisla-tion named in her sister’s honor which would create the Nation’s first meso-thelioma patient registry. 
I will continue to champion this leg-
islation in Congress, now in memory of both Mary Jo and Meg. Meg lived with hope, strength, and grace, and she left this world a better place. 
The Meccariello and Lawyer families 
are in our prayers. ENOUGH IS ENOUGH 
(Mr. POLIS asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, Sandy 
Hook, Colorado Springs, San Bernardino. How many mass shootings or terrorist attacks will it take for Congress to act to reduce gun violence? 
We are not talking about infringing 
upon our important Second Amend-ment rights, no gun registries, or pri-vacy evaluations. No. We are talking about commonsense reforms to make it harder for terrorists and criminals to get the weapons that allow them to kill people: universal background checks, closing the gun show loophole, making sure that people on the ter-rorist watch list can’t quietly assemble arsenals to do the American people harm. 
No congressional action can end gun 
violence, but we can reduce it. We can save lives. We can prevent mass shoot-ings. We can prevent terrorists from assembling the weapons they need to kill innocent Americans. 
Enough is enough. 
f 
NO-FLY LIST AND SECOND 
AMENDMENT RIGHTS 
(Mr. L AMALFA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, well, 
they are at it again. Earlier this year we saw the administration work to deny veterans because they may be on an arbitrary list for having sought fi-nancial help services, be threatened as incompetent to exercise gun ownership rights. 
Now, with the left seeking any ex-
cuse to deny Second Amendment rights to Americans, there is much effort un-derway to use a no-fly list or even a se-lectee list to not only deny travel and flight rights to falsely listed American citizens with little or no due process to remove one’s name from that list, but to extend denial of gun ownership rights as well. 
The no-fly list can and should be a 
good tool for protecting against terror strikes, but needs criteria revision for a due process for those that have been wrongly listed to have an open chance to face their accusation. 
As it is now, First, Fourth, and Fifth, 
let alone now the Second, Amendment constitutional protections are in dan-ger of being denied for those citizens that are falsely listed because their name sounds like the name of someone actually who bears being watched or, in the hands of an aggressive gun con-trol administration, the use of IRS- type tactics against people the powers that be don’t like. 
Such lists are dangerous to basic lib-
erty. Let’s first fix the process for how the no-fly list tool is used and revised before adding more restrictions, ones that would not have even captured the 
San Bernardino shooters, to this list being added, the Democrat gun control Christmas or holiday period list. 
f 
b0915 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION 
OF CONFERENCE REPORT ON H.R. 644, TRADE FACILITATION AND TRADE ENFORCEMENT ACT OF 2015, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF SENATE AMENDMENTS TO H.R. 2250, LEG-ISLATIVE BRANCH APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2016 
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, by direction 
of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 560 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 560 
Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-
lution it shall be in order to consider the conference report to accompany the bill (H.R. 644) to reauthorize trade facilitation and trade enforcement functions and activi-ties, and for other purposes. All points of order against the conference report and against its consideration are waived. The conference report shall be considered as read. The previous question shall be consid-ered as ordered on the conference report to its adoption without intervening motion ex-cept: (1) one hour of debate; and (2) one mo-tion to recommit if applicable. 
S
EC. 2. Upon adoption of this resolution it 
shall be in order to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 2250) making appropria-tions for the Legislative Branch for the fis-cal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, with the Senate amendments thereto, and to consider in the House, with-out intervention of any point of order, a sin-gle motion offered by the chair of the Com-mittee on Appropriations or his designee that the House concur in the Senate amend-ments. The Senate amendments and the mo-tion shall be considered as read. The motion shall be debatable for one hour equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and rank-ing minority member of the Committee on Appropriations. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the motion to its adoption without intervening motion or de-mand for division of the question. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
WOMACK ). The gentleman from Okla-
homa is recognized for 1 hour. 
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, for the pur-
pose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS), my friend, 
pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consider-ation of this resolution, all time yield-ed is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-
mous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oklahoma? 
There was no objection. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, yesterday 
the Rules Committee met and reported a rule for consideration of the con-ference report to accompany H.R. 644, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Dec 12, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11DE7.004 H11DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9276 December 11, 2015 
the Trade Facilitation and Trade En-
forcement Act of 2015, and the Senate amendments to H.R. 2250, a continuing resolution which runs through Decem-ber 16, 2015. 
The resolution provides a standard 
conference report rule for consider-ation of H.R. 644, with 1 hour of debate divided pursuant to clause 8(d) of rule XXII. 
In addition, the rule makes in order a 
motion from the chair of the Com-mittee on Appropriations to concur in the Senate amendments to H.R. 2250, with 60 minutes of debate equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and ranking member of the Committee on Appropriations on the motion. In addi-tion, the rule provides for one motion to recommit. 
Mr. Speaker, first, this resolution al-
lows for consideration of the con-ference report on the Customs bill. I think it is important to put the work of this House in perspective. As Speak-er R
YAN noted yesterday, in the en-
tirety of the last Congress, only three conference reports became law. How-ever, with the passage of this con-ference report, this Congress will have passed three conference reports in 10 days. I am pleased that Speaker R
YAN’s 
commitment to regular order is al-ready bearing fruit. 
This conference report is a good prod-
uct. One provision especially important to me is the establishment of new tools for Customs and Border Protection, the CBP, to effectively act against the eva-sion of antidumping and countervailing duties. I was first introduced to this issue in 2009, when the Chinese dumped literally tens of thousands of tires on the U.S. market, leading to dev-astating job losses at tire factories across America. I helped to lead the charge at that time to ensure that the Department of Commerce would im-pose antidumping and countervailing duties. The ENFORCE Act language in-cluded in the conference report pro-vides a mechanism and incentive for the CBP to properly investigate and apply appropriate duties to ensure that U.S. companies can compete on a level playing field. 
In addition, I am encouraged that the 
conference report includes language which permanently bans States and lo-calities from imposing a tax on Inter-net access. Initially enacted in 1998, this prohibition has enabled greater ac-cess to Internet services and informa-tion. It is estimated that if Congress fails to continue the ban on taxes on Internet access, consumers could end up paying more than $16.4 billion annu-ally. This moratorium has been law since 1998 on a temporary basis, and I am pleased this conference report re-flects our intention to make it perma-nent. 
Mr. Speaker, in addition to the Cus-
toms measure, this legislation contains a 5-day continuing resolution to allow the Appropriations Committee to con-tinue its work towards an omnibus ap-propriations measure. It is simple, straightforward, and extends funding 
for all government agencies through December 16, 2015, at current funding levels. 
I urge all Members to support this 
short-term CR, which will allow the Appropriations Committee the time to conclude negotiations on a full-year funding measure with its Senate coun-terparts and the White House. I am en-couraged by the hard work of Chair-man R
OGERS and Ranking Member 
LOWEY , whose leadership on this can-
not be overstated. 
One of the preeminent responsibil-
ities we are tasked with, as Members of Congress, is to ensure that government continues to function. While a CR is not the ideal vehicle, the alternative of a government shutdown is not what we have been sent to Washington to ac-complish. Mr. Speaker, I urge support of the rule and the underlying legisla-tion. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
I thank the gentleman for yielding 
me the customary 30 minutes. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposi-
tion—I might add, reluctant opposi-tion—to the rule on two important bills that really shouldn’t be con-troversial: the Senate amendments to H.R. 2250—that is a short-term con-tinuing resolution. It shouldn’t be nec-essary. This body should have acted, but given that the body has not passed through regular order an appropria-tions process to keep government open, that bill is necessary—and the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015. 
H.R. 644, which is often called the 
Customs bill, is a bill that needs to pass in some form. I want to see it pass. I have voted for it to go to con-ference. It has a lot of provisions that are extremely important to many Members, to our economy, and to even Americans traveling casually overseas. It increases, finally, the amount of items they can buy as gifts for their friends and then bring back without having to pay duties. But looking at the version that we are considering today under this rule, which does not allow amendments, I think the body would be better taking individual votes on some of the provisions. 
There is a lot of good in this bill, but 
there is also a blatant attack on cli-mate science, on environmental protec-tion, and, really, items that serve no purpose in a bill written to facilitate trade. They even put a separate item preventing Internet sales tax, which I support the bill separately, and some-how this wound up in the Customs bill, a totally unrelated measure from a dif-ferent committee that wound up in this bill at the last minute, this Christmas- tree bill. It wasn’t in the House or the Senate version before. I think we do need to give Members a chance to be on the record to approve or not approve these items individually, and I think that would be the open process that 
this Speaker has committed to. 
The second item under this rule, the 
Senate amendments to H.R. 2250, our short-term continuing resolution, is 
straightforward and is necessary as we near the shutdown of government, which would otherwise occur December 11. Today would be the last day that we would fund government, so, of course, we have to act. You don’t hear objec-tion about that. The only objection I hear is: Why does this Congress always wait until the eleventh hour to pass these kinds of bills? It just doesn’t make any sense. You don’t wait until the day before government shuts down to say: Okay. We will give ourselves a 5-day reprieve. 
Are we even going to be able to com-
plete the omnibus or continuing resolu-tion in those 5 days? I don’t know. Are we going to be back here next Wednes-day doing another 3-day or 5-day CR? 
There is no particular reason that we 
are doing this, nothing new. No new in-formation about how to better con-struct funding bills comes to us next week or the week after than we had last week or 2 weeks ago. I don’t under-stand why we didn’t do these bills last month. We passed the budget bills. We agreed on the overall dollar figures about a month ago. That is one of the hardest things about figuring out the appropriations bills and spending is what levels are you going to spend. We agreed on that. The House, the Senate, and the President agreed. So that is not even being discussed. Why didn’t we do it within a week of that and just be done with it? It makes no sense. 
So this bill would make December 16 
the new deadline to finish Congress’ ap-propriations work and keep govern-ment open, and I do think that Mem-bers and the public are anxious for us to complete our work. It is also critical that we get a good product. 
Now, Mr. Speaker, the majority, the 
Republicans, have previously shown this country their willingness to go into a shutdown, so I hope that we take this new 5-day period to avoid a shut-down permanently rather than just to do another 3 or 5 days again and again and again. 
Why aren’t we sending a bill on ap-
propriations to the President today? From my point of view, it seems like it is nothing more than partisan politics that is keeping it from getting done. I think the votes are here—they have been here, were here a month ago, and were here a week ago—for a common-sense bill that meets the budget that we have already agreed on, that doesn’t have completely unrelated Christmas- tree policy riders that were put to-gether in smoke-filled rooms rather than the open process that the new Speaker has committed to. And it is a real opportunity for this body to live up to that promise and put together an appropriations bill that passes over-whelmingly, which I think can abso-lutely be done. 
Nearly every single member of the 
Democratic Caucus has said no divisive 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Dec 12, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11DE7.006 H11DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9277 December 11, 2015 
or controversial riders. The appropria-
tions bills are not a place for them. You don’t bring government to the brink of a shutdown over policy dis-agreements. You don’t say: ‘‘Look, un-less we don’t fund Planned Parenthood, we are shutting down government. Look, unless you don’t ban the EPA from keeping our air clean, we are 
going to shut down government.’’ You can have those debates and you can have those discussions, but it is not ap-propriate to do that with a threat of shutting down government. 
Didn’t the Republicans recently sign 
some sort of pledge to have no extra-neous or legislation or must-pass bills? Well, what about taking on the Presi-dent’s attempt to protect clean air standards? If Republicans want it, then debate it and pass it. If you want to defund Planned Parenthood, then de-bate it and pass it, but not in a last- minute, closed package with a threat of closing government. 
Compromise is what we did on the 
highway bill to pass a long-term au-thorization. It worked great. It didn’t have what every single Member want-ed, and we had to make tough com-promises, but we can live with it. It passed overwhelmingly. Compromise is what we took yesterday when I got to go to the White House to see the Every Student Succeeds Act signed, the new Federal education law that replaces No Child Left Behind. It passed over-whelmingly in its final form in both the House and the Senate. Now, a com-promise is not seeing how many par-tisan stocking stuffers you can jam into a must-pass bill before we head home for the holidays. 
Moving to the Customs enforcement 
bill, H.R. 644, it is, for the most part, a very positive bill. The Customs bill is about giving the administration the tools they need to make sure we are fighting a fair fight when it comes to trade and to updating and eliminating unintended consequences of other trade laws. I heard Ranking Member L
EVIN 
testify in the Rules Committee yester-day that the key to enforcement on trade issues was the willingness of the administration to act, and the final step of enforcing our existing and fu-ture trade agreements will always fall to the executive branch. But they can’t fight those fights without the right tools in the toolbox. That is what the Customs bill does, and this bipartisan bill has a lot of very high-quality ele-ments that we will likely send to the administration before the holidays. 
It has the full ENFORCE Act, which 
would require immediate action to in-vestigate and address trade cheats and take measures to stop those who con-tinually attempt to circumvent the penalties already imposed on them. It establishes and funds the Interagency Trade Enforcement Center, which helps agencies find trade cheats and those who engage in illegal dumping that risk putting Americans out of work. It establishes the Trade Enforcement Fund, which would provide critical and dedicated resources to enforce our 
trade agreements, and it would help with capacity building, an important issue which would help our current and future trading partners implement labor and environmental standards that we push them towards in a real way. 
The bill also contains important lan-
guage on ending the importation of goods made from child or forced labor, which is yet another step we are taking towards ending this abominable prac-tice on a global scale. It also includes bipartisan language which gives the ex-ecutive branch new tools in evaluating and consulting with partner countries who may be manipulating their cur-rency. 
Mr. Speaker, if we want to be serious 
with enforcing our trade agreements, then the enforcement provisions in this bill are a major step forward. We may still have to push this Executive when we feel they aren’t using these tools, but having these tools available is a critical step. 
The Customs bill also gives a leg up 
to American small business. The bill makes commerce at the border more efficient. It modernizes the operation of Customs and Border Patrol; and something that I fought for for many years, it raises the de minimis thresh-old from $200 to $800, which, again, is important to all Americans who travel overseas. Being able to have smaller items cross our border duty-free is a major win for small businesses and consumers, especially in the e-com-merce space on the commercial side, but also for casual tourists who travel overseas. 
What that means is, when you are re-
entering this country, if you ever have to fill out one of those forms if you are coming back from Mexico or Canada or Europe, the de minimis threshold was $200, and technically you are respon-sible for a duty above that. This finally raises it. It hasn’t been adjusted for in-flation for decades. This raises it to $800, so you can truly bring back gifts for your friends and family. This is im-portant for individuals, and it is impor-tant for businesses. 
The bill makes important technical 
corrections that are important to com-panies in my district, like adjusting tariff lines for outdoor wear and foot-wear. 
b0930 
I am also very excited to say, as the 
cochair of the Nepal Caucus, that the 
bill includes the Nepal Trade Pref-erences Act, a very important provi-sion that is a tangible benefit for Ne-pal’s recovering economic market. That is simply the right thing to do. As many here know, Nepal suffered a dev-astating earthquake on April 25, 2015. Over 9,000 people were killed; 23,000 were injured. The earthquake triggered a series of avalanches on Mt. Everest where 19 people, including one of my constituents, were killed in what was the deadliest day in Mt. Everest his-tory. The country has begun the urgent 
process of rebuilding. Despite the try-ing circumstances, Nepal has remained resilient. On December 20, I am proud to say, the democratically elected con-stituent assembly announced the pas-sage of a new democratic constitution, a remarkable chapter for a country that, until recently, had been mired in civil war and strife. 
I am honored to join Representative 
C
RENSHAW , my cochair on the U.S. 
Nepal Caucus, in introducing the Nepal Trade Preferences Act, which gives preferential treatment to textile, leather, and apparel products made in Nepal. And the bill facilitates capacity building to help expand the Nepali ex-port market. 
I am very grateful for the hard work 
of my colleague from Florida (Mr. C
RENSHAW ), and the simultaneous ef-
fort that has been taking place in the Senate under the leadership of Senator F
EINSTEIN . 
Nepal is a very important and stra-
tegic ally between global powers, India and China. Cooperation with America to help build capacity and build the Ne-pali economy and stability is a critical foreign policy priority, in addition to being an economic benefit to the Amer-ican people. 
I believe trade can be a mechanism 
for poverty reduction worldwide. I am heartened to see that this act, which attempts to do that, is included in the Customs bill. 
With all these great things, why 
would anybody oppose this bill? Unfor-tunately, like anything, it is not that easy. I joined my Democratic col-leagues in voting against the Customs bill when it was on the House floor last summer. Despite knowing that it need-ed to get done, I was simply unable to vote for a bill that contained extra-neous, unnecessary attacks on climate science, on environmental protections, and on immigrants. 
These are some of the things that 
needed to be taken out in the con-ference committee. They should have been taken out in the conference com-mittee. If they were, I would be proud-ly 100 percent supporting this bill. If I could, in an open process, I would be amending the bill today to take them out, so that this bill could enjoy broad Democratic support. 
The only positive thing I can say is 
that, emerging from conference, this bill is less bad than it was. Included in the underlying report is a renegotiated provision on greenhouse gas emissions and the role in international trade agreements that certainly is not as bad as the version that originally passed the House and, many argue, would not have any significant legally con-straining role on agreements nego-tiated by the chief executive. 
The House negotiated an objective 
that would have prohibited the USTR from pursuing trade agreements that 
obligate United States law or regula-tion towards global warming and cli-mate change was stripped. It was re-placed with an equally nontopical, but 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:42 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11DE7.007 H11DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9278 December 11, 2015 
somewhat convoluted, provision that is 
a little difficult to understand. 
We use new language to bar trade 
agreements from including obligations to alter U.S. law or regulations sur-rounding greenhouse gas emissions. 
To clarify, international trade policy 
will not be the stage on which the United States establishes and imple-ments strong and thoughtful climate change policy. That is what Congress is for, that is what our States are for, that is what our local governments are for. That must be done. I think we all agree that won’t be done through trade agreements. 
In that sense, the language was only 
added to speak to a deeply held fear by my Republican Party colleagues to even acknowledge that climate change exists. To my colleagues on the other side, I would say, this is simply not the place for that kind of ideological state-ment. 
Further, the language contradicts 
itself by explicitly allowing the USTR to seek provisions, including those re-lated to global warming and climate change, if doing so would fulfill an-other negotiating objective. 
So, we bar negotiators from dis-
cussing environmental policy objec-tives and then flip, allowing them to do so if it meets another objective. 
Not only is this language unneces-
sary, it is a messy, convoluted, con-tradictory-type of compromise that no-body really even knows what it would mean, and is really rife for lawyers on both sides to be debating it for years or decades. 
The entire world is in Paris right 
now talking about specifics on fighting climate change. And here we are today, with the only political party in the de-veloped world that still questions the existence of climate change in their very platform, attaching this ridicu-lous provision to an unrelated Customs bill, embarrassing our own negotiators while they are in Paris. 
We get it: you don’t agree with the 
rest of the world on this, you don’t agree with scientists on this, you don’t agree with the majority of Americans on that. We get that. Next year, feel free to pass a resolution that says, we don’t believe in climate change, if that is what you want to do. But put it on your letterhead; don’t put it into an unrelated Customs bill that is actually important for our economy and for the American people. Stop trying to mud-dle good bipartisan bills with this sort of divisive, unscientific language that, frankly, not only threatens the envi-ronment, but also embarrasses our country. These kinds of provisions have no place in bills like the Customs bill and should have been taken out in the process. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
First, I want to begin by agreeing 
with my friend on the other side on a number of areas. I, too, have concerns about the process by which we operate, and would have preferred a number of 
these items to come, as my friend sug-gests, separately. But the reality is, of course, we are late in the year and late in the session, we have got significant work to do, and this, I think, is the best way to proceed. 
It is worth noting that the con-
ference report itself is a compromise. The Democrats and Republicans were involved in putting that together, and, indeed, this entire bill has considerable Democratic support, as we work to-ward a larger compromise on the omni-bus itself. 
It is also worth noting why we ended 
up in this situation. Frankly, the Ap-propriations Committee in this House accomplished its work—all of its work—for the first time in a long time early this year. All 12 legislative bills passed through the Appropriations Committee, six of them across this floor. To suggest that anything has 
been done in the dark or in the back room, frankly, ignores that fact. 
What happened was the United 
States Senate chose not to allow any 
appropriations bills to come to the floor. They didn’t do that as a body. My friends on the other side of the aisle in the Senate—the Democrats— chose not to allow any bills to come to the floor. To be fair to them, they also completed every appropriations bill through the full committee. That is the first time that has happened in many, many years in the United States Senate. 
But, our friends, until we got this 
larger agreement, the budget agree-ment, which I was happy to vote for, and I know my friend on the other side also voted for, until we reached that point, the appropriations process in the other body didn’t happen. At some point, that affects what is going on over here. If they are not moving bills, we stop moving bills because it is sort of a waste of time to do that. If you have got complaints, you should talk to your colleagues in the other body on your side of the aisle, and tell them hopefully next year they won’t try to keep bills from moving to the floor in a normal way. Again, I am proud that this body moved all 12 bills through the Appropriations Committee. 
I also want to make a couple of other 
points in terms of where we are now in trying to reach an omnibus. This puts me a little bit, again, at odds with my friend. I don’t think that is a closed process. Frankly, it is a pretty normal process. There are representatives in-volved in these negotiations, both Democratic and Republican, and from the administration. They are working very hard, in good faith, to try and do something that is extremely difficult. Writing a $1.1 trillion omnibus bill takes a lot of time, and there are mul-tiple items to be negotiated. I think both sides are negotiating in good faith in this legislative body, and I think the administration is participating in good faith. 
My friend and I will also disagree 
that riders on appropriations bills, as they are called, is somehow unusual. 
They certainly, when they were in the majority, had lots of riders on appro-priations bills. It is just not an unusual thing. There is, obviously, give-and- take on these things. But Congress, ex-ercising the power of the purse, is a perfectly appropriate constitutional tool to use. 
In this case, where we end up will, in-
deed, be a compromise. The omnibus bill cannot pass either Chamber, and certainly has to be signed by the Presi-dent of the United States. A Repub-lican Congress, our friends with the ap-propriate tools and votes that they have, the President of the United States, who has the ultimate veto pen, all of these parties will have to be pla-cated. Again, that negotiation is long and complex. We are making good progress. All parties are represented there. 
Eventually, a bill will be presented to 
this body, hopefully, in the next few days. I share my friend’s concern. I would prefer not to be here. But if we have to be here next week and have two or three more days to have the process work out, so be it. 
The lessons I think we ought to draw 
from this, and that we have a chance to implement next year, are let’s do a normal process. We already have an agreement now for next year’s spend-ing numbers. That is a step in the right direction, and, actually, says a lot of good things about all parties and all concerned that they were able to come to this larger agreement earlier this year. 
We have no excuse, in my view, not 
to move all 12 bills across the floor in regular order under an open rule so every Member can come down here and participate. I know that that is cer-tainly the goal of Chairman R
OGERS , 
the chairman of the Appropriations Committee. I know that is the goal of his ranking member, the distinguished gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. L
OWEY ). 
I think the hard work this year has 
set us up both for a fruitful com-promise here in the waning days of the calendar year in the legislative session, and has actually laid the foundation for something we have not seen around here in a long time: regular order, next year. In the course of that regular order, all of us will be forced to com-promise. 
We still live in a divided government: 
a Republican Congress and a Demo-cratic President. We still operate in a system of checks and balances that our Constitutional forebearers set up over 230 years ago. That system has served us pretty well over the course of our history. I think it will continue to. And it will continue to demand com-promise. We have seen a little bit more of that lately. I know my friend has his concerns, some of which, again, I share. 
I am pretty proud of a Congress that 
has: number one, produced the first unitary budget since 2001, where the Senate and the House agree that, for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:42 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11DE7.008 H11DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9279 December 11, 2015 
the first time since 2006, has moved all 
appropriations bills through the Appro-priations Committee of both Chambers; that, actually, in recent days and weeks, passed landmark legislation, as my friend referred to, the Reauthoriza-tion of Higher Education Act, where I know he played a role in that; the highway bill that was recently passed; this conference report, which I know my friend has some concerns with, but, in fairness, speaks well of him, and pointed out a lot of things that he liked in this conference report. 
If we sit here and wait to pass things 
where we all get 100 percent of what we want, nothing will ever pass the United States Congress. Certainly, in a bill this large, when we reach the omnibus, that is going to call for many com-promises. This bill before us has called for many compromises. But people have found a way to work in good faith. 
My friend is perfectly in order to op-
pose the rule. That is a pretty normal position for each side to take, minority and majority. I never have any problem with that. I think we will pass the rule. I hope he looks at the entire bill: the funding of the government and the Cus-toms Act, where he had some concerns, but also had many things to point to that he thought were appropriate and good; and the Internet tax prevention that we now make permanent, where I know my friend has worked very hard for many years to do that. 
And, yes, there will be some things in 
this bill that he doesn’t like. There are some things in this bill that I don’t like. But I think if you look at the merits of it, the permanent end of taxes on the Internet, the Customs leg-islation that my friend very ably point-ed out has many good provisions; fi-nally, the essential operation of gov-ernment for the next few days, so peo-ple negotiating in good faith for both my friend’s party and my party and from the administration can actually arrive at a deal. I think there is a lot of merit in the underlying legislation. 
I would just ask that we be realistic. 
Again, my friend is perfectly within his rights to oppose both these measures, the rule and the final bill. I certainly understand his concern about the rule. If the roles were reversed, my concerns would probably be similar. I hope he looks to the underlying legislation when that vote comes and says, there are a lot of good things here. 
There is a lot of give-and-take by 
both sides. There is real compromise. We have done a lot of that in the last few weeks under Speaker R
YAN. I think 
we have the opportunity to do more next year. Let’s pass the rule, pass the underlying legislation; get to finishing our business in the next few days; hopefully give the American people what they deserve: some peace, quiet, and certainty in the Christmas season; and then come back here next year with an opportunity to build on this and do some tremendous things in a bi-partisan way. That is what I intend to work for. I know that is what my 
friend will be working for. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
b0945 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 
minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ), a senior member of 
the Ways and Means Committee. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
appreciate the gentleman’s courtesy. 
I am here to speak in support of the 
Customs bill that we will be facing later today. It represents significant progress over the version from earlier this summer that I opposed. Part of this progress is due to strong bipar-tisan support from the Senate and bi-partisan give-and-take with some of my colleagues on the Ways and Means Committee. 
I appreciate having worked with 
then-Chair R
YANand Chairman B RADY  
to see some of these elements improve. I think it is important to recognize that the bill before us is substantially better. I know there are concerns by some of my friends about currency ma-nipulation, which I share, and we have been pushing for and secured stronger provisions. 
In the Customs bill, we have ele-
ments that represent the give-and-take of a legislative process, working with the administration; and the provisions, while no one would suggest they are perfect, are substantially better than the situation we have right now. We will be better off with the currency provisions in the Customs bill. 
It contains many provisions that I 
fought for that are important to my constituents—businesses in the Pacific Northwest—dealing with unfair and outmoded tariff provisions, dealing with things like performance outer-wear, that I know I share with my friend from Colorado. These are impor-tant both in terms of businesses that we represent and constituents that we represent who value that equipment— the shoes, the outdoor apparel—and making it more affordable. 
Beyond the elements of making sure 
that the Customs system works more appropriately, there are important things that I think all of us can point to and be enthusiastic about. Both speakers have mentioned the end of the importation of products that are made by child and forced labor. There are strong provisions here to help us keep that out of the stream of commerce. 
My friend from Oklahoma referenced 
the ENFORCE Act, and there have been problems—tires, solar panels—up in my area. We have had people cheat and do so with impunity. Incorporating the provisions of the ENFORCE Act gives us the tools to go after the cheat-ers, to make them pay, and to protect American companies and their employ-ees. 
It permanently establishes the Inter-
agency Trade Enforcement Center to centralize and enforce trade enforce-ment. This is an area that I have been working on throughout this process. In 
the Ways and Means Committee, I in-troduced the STRONGER Act with my friend and former fellow Northwest-erner, Senator M
ARIA CANTWELL from 
Washington, to deal with ways to bet-ter enforce our agreements. 
Today trade agreements are complex 
and trade enforcement takes a long pe-riod of time. They are expensive. Frankly, we are not equipped as well as we should be to do the job of protecting Americans by enforcing and imple-menting these agreements. 
This legislation includes the trust 
fund for enforcement and in-country capacity building. It provides for up to $30 million a year. It may not seem like much when we are talking about hundreds of billions of dollars in the Federal Government, but when you consider that the budget of the United States Trade Representative is less than $60 million to do all of the things with which they are charged, being able to have a $30 million a year en-forcement fund is a very significant ad-vancement. 
Now, I am mindful of the extraneous 
climate provisions. I think they are un-fortunate and should have been left out. I think my Republican friends in the future are going to be embarrassed by doing things like this, particularly when the rest of the world is in Paris, working to try and help deal with the crisis that is carbon pollution and cli-mate change. 
As a practical matter, again, the re-
sult of working with the administra-tion and people in the Senate, the pro-vision that is stuck in the bill, yes, is confusing, but it is much better than it was in June, and I am convinced it doesn’t change the status quo at all, nor prohibit other efforts in different forums, such as Paris. 
The optics are bad for my Republican 
friends, I think, and I do believe that they will rue the day for doing things like this. But, as a practical matter, we are not going to solve our climate problems through international trade. This doesn’t change that. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. POLIS. I yield the gentleman an 
additional 20 seconds. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Because of the 
composition of the Senate and Repub-lican opposition, we couldn’t pass those things when we were in charge. So we are going to do it through other mech-anisms. This Customs bill does not pre-vent that. I strongly urge my col-leagues’ favorable consideration. 
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
First of all, I want to thank my good 
friend from Oregon for coming to the floor and for, frankly, more ably ex-plaining the Customs portion of this legislation than I could. 
I want to commend him and his col-
leagues for working in a bipartisan fashion to improve a bill that had passed earlier this year in ways that I think broadly make it more acceptable 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Dec 12, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11DE7.009 H11DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9280 December 11, 2015 
to a larger percentage in this body. He 
is to be commended for that. So are his colleagues on that committee on both sides of the aisle. So is the administra-tion, which I know has been heavily in-volved in these deliberations. 
I think my friend makes an excellent 
argument for the passage of the under-lying legislation. When you combine that with a permanent prohibition on Internet taxation—something I assume my friend also supports—and the nec-essary continuing resolution to give us a few more days to negotiate a bipar-tisan omnibus spending bill that, frankly, both parties will need to con-tribute votes toward and that the ad-ministration ultimately will have the prerogative of signing, I take these to be hopeful signs. 
With some of the things that have 
happened in the last few weeks on a bi-partisan transportation bill and on a bipartisan education bill and with what I am convinced is essentially a bipar-tisan conference report here today and with what will be a bipartisan omnibus bill, it sounds to me like significant progress. 
It is something that leaders on both 
sides of the aisle can take some pride in as long as we get it done, hopefully, in a timely way next week and then come back here and build on this progress for all of next year, when we can move under regular order. 
Again, I thank my friend for his hard 
work on the Customs portion of this. I also thank him for giving what I thought was a very thoughtful, con-stitutional lesson in give-and-take. 
There are some things that we might 
all like to achieve, but that are just simply not possible, given the distribu-tion of political power, the checks and balances in our system, and the fact that people do have, indeed, differing opinions and perspectives. 
But the fact that we have gotten to 
this point I think demonstrates we can produce a good product even within a complex constitutional system, with a rather polarized political environment, and given the hard realities of divided government. I am pleased we have made the progress that we have made, and I thank my friend for his participa-tion in that. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Let me thank 
the gentleman from Colorado and let me thank the gentleman from Okla-homa for the thoughtful discussion and for the tone in which it is offered. 
Mr. Speaker, I think all of us cer-
tainly are interested in coming to a place next week that embraces, really, the values of America and all of our concerns, and, obviously, riders that are toxic are obstacles we need to con-tinue to discuss. 
In my district, I have senior citizens 
with blue tarps on the tops of their homes, blue tarps that have been there since the terrible Hurricane Ike. Obvi-
ously, we need the Housing and Urban Development to have funding that not only addresses affordable housing, but senior housing repair. 
It comes down through community 
development. In the manner in which we are going through this, we are look-ing for that kind funding to make sure that the plus-up of $80 billion that came about through the budget agree-ment gets evenly distributed, if you will. What happens is that, with the ex-tenders of tax provisions that are un-paid for, the blue tarps in my district continue to exist. Seniors have roofs that are falling in. 
I think that is an important issue at 
which many of us will be looking this weekend, and we will be looking to the appropriators to do what is right by the American people. 
We wrote a letter regarding the Mi-
nority HIV/AIDS Program, which was gutted out. Mr. Speaker, let me tell you that HIV/AIDS is resurging among young people and among minorities. This is no time to zero out that fund-ing. 
As we go through this process, we are 
asking the question whether you are putting in toxic riders, but are not fo-cusing on funding that is needed. The Thomas Street Clinic in my district needs the minority HIV funding. 
I know that my good friends Mr. 
P
OLIS and Mr. C OLEare certainly inter-
ested in making sure that transpor-tation funding matches the funding that came about through the bill. Then, certainly, I hope that, as I listen to the calm discussion by Mr. P
OLIS, we 
can find a way to eliminate the prohi-bition from the Centers for Disease Control to not do their work. 
Why are we preventing them from 
discerning the impact of gun violence on suicide? of the impact of gun vio-lence on young people who are commit-ting suicide? We have done research on drunk driving. We have done research on cancer. We have done research on diabetes. We have done research to move the country forward in a healthy manner. Why are we blocking the CDC from assessing what the impact is from gun violence? 
As a member of the Judiciary Com-
mittee, I now understand that the Internet Tax Freedom Act is in this legislation and it is in this legislation permanently. There was no hearing. I remember this bill on the floor of the House in June. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. POLIS. I yield the gentlewoman 
an additional 30 seconds. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
have a number of letters to include for the R
ECORD . One is from Tom McGee, 
the President and CEO of the Inter-national Council of Shopping Centers. One is from the NRF. One is from the AFL–CIO. 
DECEMBER 10, 2015. 
DEAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of the 
70,000 members of the International Council of Shopping Centers (ICSC), I am writing to 
urge you to oppose the conference report on H.R. 644, Trade Facilitation and Trade En-forcement Act, which contains a non-ger-mane provision permanently extending the Internet Tax Freedom Act (PITFA). This is considered a key vote for ICSC. 
Because PITFA was included without being 
paired with long awaited remote sales tax collection legislation, the added fiscal pres-sure being put on states and local govern-ments will result in less funds for first re-sponders and infrastructure and additional pressure to increase other state and local taxes such as sales or property taxes. This will truly add insult to injury for thousands of local businesses across the country. 
As an organization, ICSC supports PITFA 
but strongly believes that a permanent re-striction on states’ ability to tax tele-communications services should absolutely be linked with the restoration of states’ rights to collect sales taxes that are already owed in 45 states today. It is not only a missed opportunity to pursue good policy, but the manner in which this provision is being advanced certainly represents a depar-ture from regular order. 
After more than 20 years, close to 40 hear-
ings and a successful bipartisan vote in the Senate, it is time for Congress to do the right thing and update sales tax collection policy to reflect the 21st century market-place. The shopping center industry has sales that represent 15% of U.S. GDP, employs 1 out of every 11 Americans and generates $141 billion in sales tax revenue. Our industry touches people’s lives every day and is essen-tial to the economic, civic and social vi-brancy of every community. We urge you to send an important message on state tax pol-icy and oppose H.R. 644. Please vote NO when the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforce-ment Act Conference report is voted on later this week. 
Sincerely, 
T
OMMCGEE, 
President & CEO. 
NATIONAL RETAIL FEDERATION , 
Washington, DC, December 10, 2015. 
Hon. M ITCH MCCONNELL , 
Majority Leader, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. P
AULRYAN, 
Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MAJORITY LEADER MCCONNELL AND  
SPEAKER RYAN: On behalf of the National Re-
tail Federation (NRF), I would like to take this opportunity to share our views on the Conference Report to the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015 (HR 644). NRF is concerned with the last-minute in-clusion of the Permanent Internet Tax Free-dom Act (PITFA) as part of the Conference Report, without also including legislation to provide parity in sales tax treatment of internet sales with sales in brick and mortar stores, like H.R. 2775, The Remote Trans-actions Parity Act. 
NRF has long supported the efforts to pass 
a Customs Reauthorization bill, especially those provisions focused on trade facilita-tion. We believe the Conference Report in-cludes provisions to help facilitate and streamline the Customs process. While we strongly support enforcement of U.S. trade laws, we remain concerned with the final en-forcement language and the impact it will have on retailers and other downstream con-sumers. 
Unfortunately we are extremely concerned 
about the inclusion of the Permanent Inter-net Tax Freedom Act (PITFA) in the final conference report. Retailers have long be-lieved that it is appropriate to eliminate the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:42 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11DE7.011 H11DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9281 December 11, 2015 
sales tax discrimination for brick and mor-
tar stores as part of Congressional consider-ation of PITFA. This past Thanksgiving week-end was the first time that electronic sales surpassed brick and mortar sales in that key metric for retail sales. As more and more Main Street retailers close their doors because they cannot compete, it is time for Congress to remove the sales tax advantage for internet sellers that is harming our com-munities. We need a level playing field so re-tailers can compete without the government advantaging one sector of the industry over another. 
NRF is the world’s largest retail trade as-
sociation, representing discount and depart-ment stores, home goods and specialty stores, Main Street merchants, grocers, wholesalers, chain restaurants and Internet retailers from the United States and more than 45 countries. Retail is the nation’s larg-est private sector employer, supporting one in four U.S. jobs—42 million working Ameri-cans. Contributing $2.6 trillion to annual GDP, retail is a daily barometer for the na-tion’s economy. 
We urge you to remove language on PITFA 
from the final conference report, unless it is accompanied by sales tax fairness. 
Sincerely, 
D
AVID FRENCH , 
Senior Vice President, 
Government Relations. 
AMERICAN FEDERATION OF LABOR  
ANDCONGRESS OF INDUSTRIAL OR-
GANIZATIONS , 
December 10, 2015. 
DEAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of the 
AFL-CIO, I write to urge you to oppose the conference report on H.R. 644, the Trade Fa-cilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015 (Customs Bill). 
The Customs Bill, which when it emerged 
from the Senate had bipartisan support and included provisions supported by both labor and industry, was loaded up in the House with numerous controversial and partisan provisions that weakened or unacceptably altered it and would make it more difficult to negotiate trade agreements that are good for workers and the environment. Unfortu-nately, numerous of these unacceptable pro-visions remain in the bill that will be voted upon. 
Stripped from the final bill is a critical bi-
partisan currency provision that would have made clear the U.S. can treat currency ma-nipulation as a countervailable subsidy. The remaining currency provisions are a poor substitute, simply calling for ‘‘engagement’’ and with so-called ‘‘consequences’’ that sim-ply won’t work—including the possible ex-clusion from OPIC funding, something the worst currency manipulators (including China and Japan) don’t receive anyway. 
The conferenced Customs Bill also con-
tains language that U.S. free trade agree-ments (FTAs) must not include obligations regarding greenhouse gas emissions. This will prevent the United States from making meaningful commitments on climate policy. It is incomprehensible how a 21st century trade agenda would ignore the reality of im-portant climate issues. 
Also included in the bill is language weak-
ening the Menendez trafficking amendment, which barred Tier 3 trafficking nations from joining U.S. FTAs. Weakening this provision by allowing a nation to be included should they merely implement ‘‘principal’’ rec-ommendations for changes, undermines the U.S. commitment to lead on human traf-ficking and raises doubt regarding the abil-ity of the FTAs to protect workers and en-sure compliance by trading partners with internationally recognized ILO labor rights, including the right to be free from forced labor. This move is particularly troubling 
given the recent interest expressed by Thai-land in joining the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP). Thailand is a Tier 3 trafficking nation and should not be allowed to participate in the TPP until such time as it is no longer justifiably designated as a worst-trafficking nation. On a related note, language is in-cluded in the bill that could be used to pre-vent trade deals from ensuring that migrant workers have effective protections and rem-edies against fraud, trafficking, forced labor, and other forms of labor exploitation and abuse. 
This package also contains a harmful bill 
unrelated to trade. We strenuously oppose the inclusion of the Permanent Internet Tax Freedom Act (PITFA), which bans the au-thority of state and local governments to impose taxes on internet access. By restrict-ing state and local government taxing au-thority, this bill reduces the ability of state and local governments to raise funds to in-vest in needed infrastructure, education, health care, job training and other vital pub-lic services. This unrelated harmful measure was unfortunately added at the last minute. 
While the bill does contain Rep. Sanchez’s 
ENFORCE Act, which would address the cir-cumvention of antidumping and counter-vailing duties and assist with addressing un-fair trade, other provisions in this bill re-main unacceptable. 
The Customs Conference Report unfortu-
nately too closely resembles the flawed House version of the bill and the AFL-CIO urges you to oppose it. 
Sincerely, 
W
ILLIAM SAMUEL , 
Director, Government Affairs Department. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, the 
point I want to make is, with what you are doing, even though there is a 4-year lapse, you are grandfathering this. My own State of Texas will lose $358 mil-lion, Wisconsin $120 million, Ohio $65 million, and South Dakota will lose about $13 million. 
Are we going to replace those moneys 
from the Federal Government? What are we going to do to the retail indus-try that has bricks and mortar? 
My friends, I am going to support a 
CR, but I do believe we should work to-gether to do things that impact us positively and not negatively. Get rid of the riders and help our States, which have a need to have this Internet tax provision lifted. 
Mr. Speaker, as a senior Member of the 
House Judiciary Committee; as the Ranking Member of the Subcommittee on Crime, Ter-rorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations; and as the representative from Houston, I rise in opposition to the ‘‘Permanent Internet Tax Freedom Act’’ being in this bill. 
When originally enacted in 1998, the Inter-
net Tax Freedom Act established a temporary moratorium on multiple and discriminatory tax-ation of the Internet as well as new taxes on Internet access. 
This moratorium, however, is due to expire 
on October 1st of this year. 
Since 1998, Congress has extended the 
moratorium on a temporary basis. The bill be-fore us will make that moratorium permanent. 
Unfortunately, in doing so, the bill also ends 
the Act’s grandfather protections for states that imposed such taxes prior to the Act’s en-actment date. 
Mr. Speaker, the bill is problematic for sev-
eral reasons. First, Congress, instead of supporting this 
seriously flawed legislation, should be focusing on meaningful ways to help state and local governments, taxpayers, and local retailers. The House can do that by addressing the re-mote sales tax issue. 
In addition to extending the expiring morato-
rium on a temporary basis, the House should take up and send to the Senate legislation that would give states the authority to collect sales taxes from remote sellers. 
Such a proposal would incentivize remote 
sellers to collect and remit sales taxes as well as require states to simplify several proce-dures that would benefit retailers. 
Such legislation would enable states and 
local governments to collect more than $23 billion in estimated uncollected sales taxes each year. 
The measure would also help level the play-
ing field for local retailers—who must collect sales taxes—when they compete with out-of- state businesses that do not collect these taxes. 
Retail competitors should be able to com-
pete fairly with their internet counterparts at least with respect to sales tax policy. 
The House should do its part and address 
the remote sales tax disparity before the end of this Congress. 
Second, this legislation will severely impact 
the immediate revenues for the grandfather- protected states and all states progressively in the long term. 
The Congressional Budget Office, for exam-
ple, estimates that this bill will cost certain states ‘‘several hundred million dollars annu-ally’’ in lost revenues. 
Indeed, the Federation of Tax Administra-
tors has estimated that the bill will cause the grandfather-protected states to lose at least $500 million in lost revenue annually. 
For my home state of Texas, enactment of 
this bill will result in a revenue loss of $358 million per year. Texas will not be alone in these losses, annually: Wisconsin will lose about $127 million, Ohio will lose about $65 million, and South Dakota will lose about $13 million. 
Should this bill become law, state and local 
governments will have to choose whether they will cut essential government services—such as educating our children, maintaining needed transportation infrastructure, and providing es-sential public health and safety services—or shift the tax burden onto other taxpayers through increased property, income, and sales taxes. 
Meanwhile, the Center on Budget and Pol-
icy Priorities has estimated that the permanent moratorium will deny the non-grandfathered states of almost $6.5 billion in potential state and local sales tax revenues each year in per-petuity. 
This bill will burden taxpayers, while exclud-
ing an entire industry from paying their fair share of taxes. 
Finally, this bill ignores the fundamental na-
ture of the Internet. 
The original moratorium was intentionally 
made temporary to ensure that Congress, in-dustry, and state and local governments would be able to monitor the issue and make adjust-ments where necessary to accommodate new technologies and market realities. 
The Act was intended as a temporary meas-
ure to assist and nurture the fledgling Internet that—back in 1998—was still in its commercial 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Dec 12, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A11DE7.003 H11DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9282 December 11, 2015 
infancy. Yet, this bill ignores the significantly 
changed environment of today’s internet. 
The bill’s supporters continue to believe that 
the internet still is in need of extraordinary pro-tection in the form of exemption from all state taxation. 
But, the internet of 2015 is drastically dif-
ferent from its 1998 predecessor. And, surely the internet and its attendant technology will continue to evolve. 
Permanently extending the tax moratorium 
severely limits Congress’s ability to revisit and make any necessary adjustments. 
Simply put, a permanent moratorium is un-
wise. 
In closing, I urge my colleagues to oppose 
H.R. 235 and I reserve the balance of my time. 
The bill is misguided legislation that will dev-
astate state revenues, especially for those states currently protected by the grandfather clause, and could force state governments to eliminate essential governmental programs and services, while increasing the burden on taxpayers. 
For all of these reasons, I urge my col-
leagues to reject this flawed legislation; that makes the internet tax moratorium permanent, in part. 
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
First, I want to thank my friend, the 
distinguished gentlewoman from Texas, for coming down and raising im-portant issues. 
I am not involved in the negotiations 
where HUD is concerned, but it would be my hope that her concerns would be addressed, quite frankly. I think, with the additional funds that are a product of the bipartisan negotiations of the Budget Act, which I know my friend supported, there is certainly a prospect that that will occur. 
The negotiations that are going on 
now are indeed bipartisan. I have no doubt my friend’s point of view is ably represented by her Democratic col-leagues in those negotiations and by the administration. So, hopefully, we will arrive at a product in the next few days that will address some of those concerns. 
I want to reinforce my friend’s re-
marks about moving in a cooperative way. Again, we are not going to agree on every part of every piece of legisla-tion, but I think the underlying legis-lation that we present today is a prod-uct of bipartisan cooperation and of compromise and of give-and-take. It is my hope that many people on both sides of the aisle will be able to support that. 
There are three important elements 
of the Customs proposals. My friend from Oregon earlier laid out the many virtues with them, and, frankly, my friend from Colorado has extolled many parts of them. 
The prohibition of taxation on the 
Internet I think is something we have routinely passed through this body since 1998. It has usually not been a particularly contentious issue. It is something we agree on on both sides of the aisle. Making it permanent makes a lot of sense, and I am hopeful that many of my colleagues who have 
worked so hard on that will see that as an advantage. 
Finally, I don’t think we disagree on 
a short-term continuing resolution be-cause we know that our Representa-tives on the Appropriations Com-mittee—certainly Chairman R
OGERS  
and Ranking Member L OWEY —are 
working really hard to find a bipar-tisan compromise. 
b1000 
Now, I will remind my friends, we are 
not going to agree on every part of this bill. There will be elements, so-called riders, that are in them that probably some of my friends don’t like. There will be Democratic riders in this bill, not just Republican riders. That is just the process of normal legislation. 
Congress has every right to use the 
power of the purse. I don’t know any executive branch, be it Republican or Democrat, that ever likes Congress getting down to the details of this. They just expect us to write a check for whatever they ask for. Well, that is not the way our Constitution is set up. 
While the executive branch has a 
range of powers and authorities that are unique to itself, at the end of the day, we do fund every single activity that they engage in. At the end of the day, we have the right to say: Well, we agree with you here, here, and here, but we disagree here, and we are not funding that activity. 
Now, in this case, I would always 
point out that wherever we end up at the end of the day is, by necessity, going to be a matter of compromise. My friends, frankly, don’t have the congressional strength in either the House or the Senate to dictate to us, but we don’t have it to dictate to them either. 
Obviously, the President of the 
United States is of my friend’s political party, and he has got to sign this legis-lation. So anything that gets done is going to involve a lot of compromises. Anything that comes to this floor, whether you like or dislike it, will have been approved at some level or, at least, accepted at some level by Mem-bers of both parties, as this is what we had to agree to. 
So I am optimistic about that, and I 
am very pleased, frankly, that this process is largely driven by the chair-man of the Appropriations Committee, Mr. R
OGERS , and by Mrs. L OWEY from 
New York. I know them to be excep-tional legislators. I know that all par-ties concerned here and their Senate counterparts and their administration counterparts are involved in a good faith effort to give us a good funding bill for next year and to set the stage for what we hope is a normal appro-priations process. 
If we have that process next year, my 
friends on both sides of the aisle will have the opportunity to see every bill on the floor, the opportunity to offer any amendment they want, the oppor-tunity to literally educate the com-mittee about some concern that may 
be unique to their district or some-thing that they understand, frankly, better than the members of the Appro-priations Committee. That is the proc-ess that we are trying to get back to. I know it will serve the country well if we can actually reach that. 
What we have done in the last few 
months of this year has actually set that up: the budget agreement, which was proceeded by a temporary CR and the budget agreement that came out of that, the omnibus we are working on now, and the legislation that has passed in the last few weeks in a very bipartisan fashion on education and highways. All of those things create a foundation for what can be an excep-tionally productive year next year and one where we move through regular order. 
Again, I thank my friend from Texas 
for bringing her concerns to the floor. I look forward to working with her on the underlying legislation, which I hope has enough items in it to attract significant bipartisan support. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from Wis-consin (Mr. K
IND), a member of the 
Ways and Means Committee. 
Mr. KIND. Mr. Speaker, I thank my 
friend from Colorado for yielding me this time. 
Mr. Speaker, as a member of the 
Ways and Means Committee and as someone who has been involved in ne-gotiations in regards to the Customs bill before us today, I rise in strong support of that bill. I encourage my colleagues to do the same. 
The Customs bill before us today is 
not the Customs bill that was reported out of the House in June of this year, a bill, quite frankly, that I couldn’t support because of extraneous provi-sions—controversial provisions—that got included in it. 
Through the product of the give-and- 
take in the negotiations, I think we reached a good bipartisan compromise. This is what bipartisanship looks like: the cooperation, the give-and-take. It is not a perfect bill. I know there are still some objections to it. 
At its crux, however, this bill pro-
vides us important tools and resources to enhance enforcement mechanisms so we can enforce trade agreements and the standards that we are trying to ele-vate in these trade agreements. For in-stance, this bill, with the language that I worked on very hard with my colleagues Mr. L
EVIN and Mr. L EWIS on 
the Ways and Means Committee will fi-nally end the importation of goods and products based on the exploitation of child and forced and slave labor. That is in this bill. 
This bill also includes the full EN-
FORCE Act on the Senate side, the PROMISE Act on the House side that again gives us additional tools to en-force elevated standards in the trade agreements that we lacked previously. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Dec 12, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11DE7.006 H11DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9283 December 11, 2015 
It also establishes for the first time 
an interagency trade enforcement cen-ter to require greater coordination from our agencies when it comes to the implementation and the enforcement of trade provisions that matter, lev-eling the playing field for our busi-nesses, our workers, and our farmers. 
With the help of my friend from Or-
egon, we were able to get included a trade enforcement trust fund so that resources are dedicated for the enforce-ment of trade agreements. I hear that a lot from our colleagues that they are not so much concerned with what goes into the trade agreements; they are more concerned about the lack of fol-low-up and the enforcement of the trade agreements. Again, because of the progress we have made and the cre-ation of this trust fund, there will be resources in the future that will enable us to better enforce the trade agree-ments that are in front of us. 
This also, again, to the credit of the 
gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LU-
MENAUER ), establishes a Super 301 sec-
tion, enhanced trade enforcement on key priorities, such as labor, environ-mental, and human rights standards that are now being negotiated in the body of these trade agreements. They are fully enforceable like any other provision. This Super 301 gives us tools now to be able to follow that up and enforce it. 
This also establishes a State trade 
and export promotion program to help our smaller businesses, our manufac-turers in our respective States to get in the game and be able to offer more export opportunities to them. We know that with exporting companies their workers are paid roughly 18 to 19 per-cent more than other workers in our economy, so this is a good thing to help promote exports in our own coun-try. 
This also provides our Treasury-en-
hanced tools when it comes to fighting against the manipulation of currency in the foreign markets. The Bennett language that was agreed to in this language is a step in the right direc-tion when it comes to the enforcement of currency manipulation. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield an 
additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from Wisconsin. 
Mr. KIND. Mr. Speaker, again, that 
is a source of concern that many of our colleagues have expressed concern about and, I think, legitimately so. Again, progress was made in this Cus-toms bill when it comes to currency manipulation. 
For all these reasons, I think it is 
important that we move forward on this Customs bill and give this admin-istration and future administrations the tools they need in order to enforce trade agreements so we can elevate standards and begin to level the play-ing field for our workers, our busi-nesses, and our farmers so that they can be as successful as they can be in the 21st century global economy. I en-
courage my colleagues to support it. 
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
I just want to quickly respond to my 
friend’s point and, number one, thank him for his hard work in getting us to this position on this very important Customs legislation. I appreciate the bipartisan manner in which the work product was clearly achieved. I take a lot of hope from the fact that our cur-rent Speaker was actually the chair-man of the committee in much of that process, and obviously Mr. B
RADY from 
Texas continues in that tradition. So I am pretty hopeful that we are seeing a good, open process that is producing products that Members on both sides of this Chamber are happy to support and participate in. So this is a good and hopeful thing. Again, I thank my friend for coming back and educating us about an area he knows a great deal more about than I do. 
I yield 3 minutes to the distinguished 
gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ). 
Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman for yielding. Mr. C OLE 
has been a leader in this area for many years now, and I appreciate that lead-ership. 
I rise today, as chairman of the 
House Small Business Committee, in strong support of H.R. 644, the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015. 
The importance of robust inter-
national trade for America’s small businesses cannot be overstated. Small businesses represent 98 percent of all goods-exporting firms in the United States—98 percent are small busi-nesses—establishing our Nation’s role as the world’s leader in international trade. Seven out of every 10 new jobs in this country are created by small busi-nesses. So if we want to improve the economy and trade, small businesses are an integral part of doing that. In my home State of Ohio alone, more than 1.5 million jobs are tied to inter-national trade, many of them with these small firms. 
The bipartisan Customs reauthoriza-
tion bill before us today will give small businesses the confidence and security they need to compete in a global mar-ketplace. Specifically, it accomplishes this important goal by making sure international trade agreements are working to benefit America’s small businesses and the employees of those small businesses. That is why I am pleased that the finished bill incor-porates language that our committee helped to craft to ensure we are doing everything we can to keep the doors of trade open to small businesses. We have done this in that committee, in general, in a bipartisan fashion. 
By modernizing the procedures and 
systems used by Customs and Border Protection, this bill also improves trade facilitation and makes sure their safeguards are working as intended. 
By giving the Treasury new tools to 
crack down on currency manipulation, this bill ensures that foreign competi-
tors like China aren’t taking advan-tage of our workers and small busi-nesses. That has been a top issue for those of us that have dealt with trade, and that is the concept, that the Chi-nese have been manipulating their cur-rency to give them an unfair advantage over America’s businesses, that this bill helps to deal with. 
By empowering the CPB and the De-
partment of Commerce, this bill will make it easier to hold bad actors ac-countable when they engage in unfair trade or evasive trade practices. Mr. Speaker, this is truly commonsense legislation that will help America’s small businesses at a time when they need our help to compete in the era of globalization. 
I also thank my friend and colleague 
from Texas (Mr. B
RADY ), the chairman 
of the Ways and Means Committee, for his leadership on this issue. He has worked on this since he introduced a Customs reauthorization bill back in 2011, and I know that is the basis for today’s legislation. I again thank Chairman C
OLE for his hard work in 
this area because trade is important to jobs. Yes, it is important to large cor-porations, but it is especially impor-tant to those small businesses all across America who engage in inter-national trade. In the Small Business Committee, we are encouraging them more and more to do that. That means more jobs for more families all over this country. 
I urge my colleagues to support this. Mr. POLIS. I yield myself such time 
as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, even after we pass this 
continuing resolution today, we will still be just 5 days away from a govern-ment shutdown. That is no way to run the greatest, freest, most prosperous country on the face of the Earth. We agree on so many of the issues. I urge my colleagues to stop the partisan games. 
We have shown in recent weeks we 
can produce good, bipartisan legisla-tion when we just put the controver-sial, divisive poison pills on the side. Look at what we accomplished in transportation and in education. Let’s continue that trend. Let’s drop the ide-ological wish list for another time and pass the spending bill without the last- minute hysterics and partisan riders. 
In recent weeks, Americans have wit-
nessed two senseless, horrific mass shootings: one very near to my district in Colorado that took three lives, and another in San Bernardino, California, that took 14 lives. These slayings are heartbreaking and tragic. Sadly, no one can any longer use the adjective to describe them as ‘‘shocking.’’ There have been 355 mass shootings in 2015, which, themselves, are just a small portion of the 48,000 incidents of gun violence so far this year. 
While I strongly support the rights 
given to Americans in our Second Amendment, I believe there are com-monplace measures that we must take 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:42 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11DE7.015 H11DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9284 December 11, 2015 
to curtail gun violence. A common-
sense improvement we can make is passing legislation to keep individuals who are suspected of terrorist activity from purchasing firearms. 
If we defeat the previous question, I 
will offer an amendment to the rule that would allow the House to consider H.R. 1076, the Denying Firearms and Explosives to Dangerous Terrorists Act of 2015. H.R. 1076 would amend the criminal code to stop the issuance of firearm licenses to people on the ter-rorism watch list. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-
sent to insert the text of the amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-
neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Colorado? 
There was no objection. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, enough is 
enough. It is time to act. Let’s make it harder for criminals and terrorists to quietly assemble arsenals designed to kill innocent Americans. We can do that. We can protect the Second Amendment. We can implement com-monsense reforms that keep America safe. 
b1015 
There is nothing Congress can do to 
end gun violence, but we can and we must take action to reduce gun vio-lence. If we defeat the previous ques-tion, we will do that. It will pass, and it will become law, and the American people will be safer. Stop standing in the way, Mr. Speaker. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ to 
defeat the previous question. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self the balance of my time. 
First, before I close, I want to thank 
my friend for the debate and for his thoughtful remarks. 
Not surprisingly, there will be a cou-
ple of areas in my close where I dis-agree with my good friend. One of them is the process itself. I share, actually, his frustration and the need for us to move under regular order. I share the frustration I think both sides share in this that we are doing an omnibus, but I remind my friends, we moved six bills across the floor here. Every bill has moved through the full Committee on Appropriations. 
Frankly, our friends on the other 
side of the rotunda need to take a con-siderable responsibility for the delay in the appropriations, since they pre-vented the Senate from actually pick-ing up and acting on individual bills. I think, frankly, had they done so, we would have had a more orderly process and been out of here in an easier way. My hope is next year they will do that, because I think in the bipartisan budg-et compromise, we set a framework up by deciding early on what the top line numbers are for next year, where that process can, indeed, occur. I certainly promise to work with my friends on the other side of the aisle to see that 
we restore regular order, bring each ap-propriations bill down here. 
I am going to disagree with my 
friend, too, on this terrorist watch list idea. This is a very interesting point. I think Members on both sides are equal-ly committed to making sure all of our citizens are safe, but the terrorist watch list that my friend has talked about is one of the more mysterious lists in the United States. 
As I read the press, I find one article 
that tells me there are 47,000 people on it; another one that tells me, no, there is 470,000 people; yet another that tells me there are 1 million people on it or more. I do know that the American Civil Liberties Union has called the terrorist watch list a ‘‘massive, vir-tually standardless, government watch list scheme that ensnares innocent peo-ple and encourages racial and religious profiling.’’ Now, that is not from a con-servative group. That is the American Civil Liberties Union. 
I also know in this Chamber, one of 
our distinguished colleagues, the gen-tleman from California (Mr. M
CCLIN-
TOCK ), who, when he was a State sen-
ator, found out accidentally going to the airport he was on the terrorist watch list. He found out another Demo-cratic colleague, another State sen-ator, was also on the terrorist watch list. They inquired as to why, and they were told: Well, we can’t tell you. 
Eventually, working with the Ser-
geant at Arms of the California Senate, they were able to determine Mr. M
CCLINTOCK had been confused with an 
IRA—Irish Republican Army—ter-rorist, and the other gentleman had been confused with somebody else. We know that the late Senator Kennedy was, at one time, on the terrorist watch list. So I think this is a very im-perfect tool that will ensnare lots of in-nocent Americans in it. 
It is also worth noting—and this was 
a fact that was made acquainted to me by our good friend, the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. R
USSELL ) who, along 
with his distinguished record of service for over 21 years in the United States Army, is an arms manufacturer and an arms seller—he pointed out actually the terrorist watch list is one of the lists that is used by the Alcohol, To-bacco, and Firearms group to decide whether or not to issue a permit. So it is a factor in now. It is not exclusive. You wouldn’t exclude somebody simply because they were there, but it is a fac-tor taken into consideration. 
I say this just to suggest that per-
haps we shouldn’t seize on this as a be- all and a political talking point. This is worth a real serious look as to whether or not this particular list, how it is compiled, who is on it, what is the ap-propriate way to use it? 
I think the last thing we should do is 
attach it to legislation without the ap-propriate hearing and discussion of it, which actually I think my friend on the other side would generally be in favor of. There are plenty of reasons, anec-
dotal and serious studies, when, again, groups like the American Civil Lib-erties Union look at this as a very im-perfect tool that will violate the civil liberties of the average American. Again, I caution my friends on the other side. It is a great political talk-ing point, but I think it is a pretty im-perfect tool, and I think they would find themselves embarrassed, frankly, were it used in the manner that they suggest here. 
Mr. Speaker, let me move to my 
close. Passage of the continuing resolu-tion, as we both agree, is critical to prevent a government shutdown and, frankly, to allow both sides and the ad-ministration to continue to negotiate. A CR passed the Senate yesterday by voice vote. We should pass this rule, and we should support the underlying legislation. 
The material previously referred to 
by Mr. P
OLIS is as follows: 
AN AMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 560 O FFERED BY  
MR. POLIS OF COLORADO  
At the end of the resolution, add the fol-
lowing new sections: 
SEC. 3. Immediately upon adoption of this 
resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 1076) to increase public safety by permitting the Attorney General to deny the transfer of a firearm or the issuance of firearms or explosives licenses to a known or suspected dangerous terrorist. The first reading of the bill shall be dis-pensed with. All points of order against con-sideration of the bill are waived. General de-bate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. After general debate the bill shall be consid-ered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of con-sideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage with-out intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and re-ports that it has come to no resolution on the bill, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. 
S
EC. 4. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not 
apply to the consideration of H.R. 1076. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT 
ITREALLY MEANS  
This vote, the vote on whether to order the 
previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. 
Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the 
House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:42 Dec 11, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11DE7.016 H11DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9285 December 11, 2015 
defeat the previous question is to give the 
opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ 
The Republican majority may say ‘‘the 
vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule . . . When the mo-tion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-
ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ 
In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House 
of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ 
Clearly, the vote on the previous question 
on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. 
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back 
the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on ordering the previous question. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, on that I 
demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of adoption of the resolution. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 236, nays 177, not voting 20, as follows: [Roll No. 690] 
YEAS—236 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) 
Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo 
Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—177 
Adams Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps 
Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen 
Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier 
Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Langevin 
Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel 
Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—20 
Aguilar Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
DeFazio Fincher Green, Gene Harper Jenkins (KS) 
Johnson, Sam Kildee Kuster Meadows Nolan Payne Pompeo 
Reichert Sanchez, Loretta Schrader Schweikert Sessions Westmoreland 
b1051 
Mr. RANGEL and Ms. EDWARDS 
changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Mr. PETERSON changed his vote 
from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
(By unanimous consent, Mr. M
CCAR-
THYwas allowed to speak out of order.) 
LEGISLATIVE PROGRAM  
Mr. M CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, look-
ing ahead to next week, Members are advised that no votes are expected in the House on Monday. 
Members are further advised that 
first votes of the week are expected on Tuesday at 6:30 p.m., and it is my in-tent to stay until we get our work done. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, 5-minute voting will con-tinue. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the resolution. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I demand a 
recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:44 Dec 12, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11DE7.007 H11DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9286 December 11, 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 236, noes 174, not voting 23, as follows: 
[Roll No. 691] 
AYES—236 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) 
Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo 
Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—174 
Adams Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer 
Bonamici Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano 
Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline 
Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman 
Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters 
Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—23 
Aguilar Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
DeFazio DeSantis Fincher Frelinghuysen Green, Gene Harper 
Jenkins (KS) Johnson, Sam Kildee Kuster Loebsack Meadows Nolan Payne 
Pompeo Sanchez, Loretta Schrader Schweikert Sessions Smith (TX) Westmoreland 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
HULTGREN ) (during the vote). There are 
2 minutes remaining. 
b1059 
So the resolution was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated for: Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, on roll-
call No. 691, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE 
A message from the Senate by Ms. 
Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed without amendment a bill of the House of the following title: 
H.R. 2693. An act to designate the arbo-
retum at the Hunter Holmes McGuire VA Medical Center in Richmond, Virginia, as the ‘‘Phyllis E. Galanti Arboretum’’. 
The message also announced that the 
Senate has passed bills of the following titles in which the concurrence of the 
House is requested: 
S. 142. An act to require special packaging 
for liquid nicotine containers, and for other purposes. 
S. 209. An act to amend the Indian Tribal 
Energy Development and Self Determination Act of 2005, and for other purposes. 
S. 993. An act to increase public safety by 
facilitating collaboration among the crimi-nal justice, juvenile justice, veterans treat-ment services, mental health treatment, and substance abuse systems. 
S. 2308. An act to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to clarify the treatment of church pension plans, and for other purposes. 
S. 2393. An act to extend temporarily the 
extended period of protection for members of uniformed services relating to mortgages, mortgage foreclosure, and eviction, and for other purposes. 
f 
PERMISSION TO POSTPONE PRO-
CEEDINGS ON MOTION TO RE-COMMIT ON CONFERENCE RE-PORT ON H.R. 644, TRADE FACILI-TATION AND TRADE ENFORCE-MENT ACT OF 2015 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that the ques-tion on adopting a motion to recommit on the conference report to accompany H.R. 644 may be subject to postpone-ment as though under clause 8 of rule XX. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. 
f 
CONFERENCE REPORT ON H.R. 644, 
TRADE FACILITATION AND TRADE ENFORCEMENT ACT OF 2015 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 
pursuant to House Resolution 560, I call up the conference report on the bill (H.R. 644) to reauthorize trade facilita-tion and trade enforcement functions and activities, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consider-ation. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 560, the con-ference report is considered read. 
(For conference report and state-
ment, see proceedings of the House of December 9, 2015, at page H9104.) 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Texas (Mr. B
RADY ) and 
the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. L
EVIN) each will control 30 minutes. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and insert extraneous material into the R
ECORD on the conference re-
port to accompany H.R. 644. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:44 Dec 12, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11DE7.021 H11DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9287 December 11, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, I am very happy to be 
here today to talk about the con-ference report on the Trade Facilita-tion and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015. This process marks a return to regular order and ensures that Mem-bers and constituent voices are heard. As chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee, I share the Speak-er’s commitment to an open and trans-parent process. 
The conference report builds on the 
good work of my fellow conferees, Rep-resentatives R
EICHERT and T IBERI , as 
well as support from a number of our Ways and Means members in the con-ference as a whole and dozens of other Members. It delivers on the promises we made to those Members when we considered trade legislation earlier this year. 
Most importantly, Mr. Speaker, this 
bill is a vital part of our progrowth agenda. It will level the playing field for Americans and also make it easier for them to compete in a global mar-ketplace. It significantly improves trade facilitation. Here is how: it en-sures that Customs and Border Protec-tion focuses on its trade-related mis-sion and streamlines processing of le-gitimate trade which will increase U.S. competitiveness and create U.S. jobs; it modernizes the agency’s automated system and reduces paperwork burden. Basically, this bill replaces inefficiency with innovation and eliminates out-dated systems. 
In addition, Mr. Speaker, I strongly 
believe that free trade is enforceable trade, and I am glad that this bill sig-nificantly strengthens enforcement of America’s trade law. It creates new tools to combat currency manipulation based on ideas from Representative M
ILLER and her colleagues in the 
Michigan delegation. It gives Customs and Border Protection new tools and holds it accountable to effectively act against evasion of antidumping and countervailing duties, including by tar-geting risky imports and establishing a new investigation process with strict deadlines and judicial review. Rep-resentatives B
OUSTANY and J ASON  
SMITH deserve credit for working to-
gether to make sure these provisions were included. 
The conference report strengthens 
trade promotion authority by reaffirm-ing that trade agreements should not include provisions on immigration or greenhouse gas emissions, for which Representatives K
INGand S ESSIONS de-
serve great recognition. 
It ensures greater oversight of ad-
ministration trade nominees and at trade negotiating rounds. 
This bill also includes important pro-
visions to help fight human trafficking, which is a scourge that we must take seriously. 
Thanks to Representative R
OSKAM ’s 
leadership, the conference report com-bats politically motivated acts against our good friend and ally Israel. 
With respect to the miscellaneous 
tariff bill, it reaffirms Congress’ com-mitment to advancing a legislative 
process with robust consultation and consistent with House rules. I fully in-tend to work with my colleagues to de-velop this process early next year. 
Finally, it contains the Internet Tax 
Freedom Act to permanently ban States and localities from taxing Inter-net access or Internet commerce. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to 
support this important legislation. While I celebrate this bill, this is only the beginning. As chairman of the Ways and Means Committee, I want to make sure my constituents in Texas and constituents all across America understand that we are going to con-tinue to move progrowth bills that help grow our economy and make it easier for all Americans to find good jobs and have more opportunities. 
We have got an ambitious agenda, 
and we are just getting started. You can expect to see more action soon at our committee and on this floor on trade, on jobs, and on all the economic issues that matter to the American people. We are going to lead, and we are going to deliver. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I strongly oppose this 
conference report. I am disappointed that we have passed up an opportunity for a truly bipartisan action on Cus-toms and trade legislation. The Senate took that opportunity over the sum-mer. It passed a Customs bill by a vote of 78–20 that was truly about Customs and trade enforcement. It included a strong provision to address currency manipulation, the most significant trade enforcement failure over the past decade, and the Senate bill very impor-tantly avoided including wrongful posi-tions and provisions that had nothing to do whatsoever with Customs or trade enforcement. 
The House bill did just the opposite. 
It passed a bill that seeks to prevent our trade agreements from addressing climate change and weakens current law on human trafficking. It failed to include anything meaningful on cur-rency manipulation, even though just a few years ago this House passed a cur-rency bill very similar to what was in the Senate Customs bill by a vote of 348–79. Because of the partisan and flawed nature of the House Customs bill, just 12 Democrats voted for it. 
This conference report is far more 
like the fundamentally flawed House bill than the Senate bill. The con-ference committee rejected the Senate currency provision, as I said, one that had the support of 348 House Members just a few years ago. 
There is much talk about how this 
bill will create jobs and about eco-nomic growth. But make no mistake; over the past decade or so, currency manipulation has cost the U.S., our workers, and our industry between 2 and 5 million jobs. Instead, this con-ference bill includes a meaningless pro-vision that simply calls for more talk, 
more deference to the Treasury Depart-ment, and no real action. 
The climate change language in the 
conference report sends just the wrong message as our diplomats are working in Paris with over 150 nations to find an agreement on this threat to our en-vironment. The language in this con-ference report on climate change is far more than confusing, as some people like to say. It would prevent us, for ex-ample, from negotiating provisions like common fuel efficiency standards, a very real possibility in our negotia-tions with Europe. As reported today from Paris, the Republican Party of the United States may be the only po-litical party anywhere in denial about climate change. That denial is why this provision on climate in this conference report is before us. 
Now, as to human trafficking, this 
provision weakens current law by al-lowing for a trade agreement with a tier 3 country to be fast-tracked so long as that country ‘‘has taken con-crete actions’’ to implement rec-ommended changes, no matter how egregious the conditions are still in place. Countries on tier 3 are the worst actors, countries that the State De-partment has concluded ‘‘do not fully comply with the minimum standards under the Trafficking Victims Protec-tion Act.’’ We need to get these coun-tries to meet minimum standards on trafficking, certainly well before we enter into a trade investment relation-ship with them. Unfortunately, this conference report does not get us there. 
These and other fundamental flaws 
outweigh the enforcement provisions that were included in the conference report. Most of the enforcement provi-sions are weak, and I think they are being oversold. For example, the bill establishes an interagency enforce-ment center, but that has already ex-isted for several years. 
It renews the Super 301, which re-
quires the USTR to report regularly on its trade enforcement priorities, but this is something an administration can already do on its own, just as the Clinton administration did. 
The bill establishes, also, a new trade 
enforcement trust fund, but those funds still need to be appropriated and paid for, just as they did in the past. 
It requires the ITC to make informa-
tion related to imports available on its Web site, information that already ex-ists in other forms in the same Web site. 
All this is very disappointing because 
there are positive aspects of this bill, such as the ENFORCE Act that my col-league L
INDA SA´NCHEZ has spearheaded, 
which will help to address the cir-cumvention of antidumping and coun-tervailing duties to address unfair trade. All of the deep flaws in this con-ference report far overshadow this pro-vision and the real Customs provisions that have long had bipartisan support. 
Going further, the bill includes an 
Internet tax provision added by the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:44 Dec 12, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11DE7.024 H11DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9288 December 11, 2015 
conferees that has absolutely no place 
in this Customs bill. It was neither in the House nor the Senate Customs bill. Not only is it not a Customs measure, it is not even a trade measure. Drop-ping this provision into a conference report at the last minute and with no warning is no way to legislate. It is the opposite of regular order. 
Indeed, this conference report does 
not tell it straight. As I said, it deletes the only provision that reflects mean-ingful legislation on currency, which has devastated U.S. jobs and economic growth, legislation that overwhelm-ingly passed the House previously. 
b1115 
It keeps provisions inserted by the 
House to encourage Republicans who oppose action on climate change, as I said, at the same time the world is meeting in Paris, thwarting further possible action on climate change in trade negotiations, including with Eu-rope. 
It tones down a provision which had 
teeth on human sex and labor traf-ficking. 
It sneaks in another provision totally 
unrelated to Customs, as I said, never being discussed at the only meeting of the conference committee, relating to taxation of Internet access. It leaves in the dust the issue of trying to even out the taxation of sales on the Internet with sales at hardworking brick-and- mortar stores. 
For all of these reasons, all of them, 
I strongly urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. R
EICHERT ), who is the 
chairman of the Trade Subcommittee. 
Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the chairman for yielding. I thank him for his hard work, and Mr. B
OUSTANY , 
Mr. T IBERI , and other members of the 
committee, who have worked hard on this legislation, and, also, Members across the aisle who have come to-gether to build this piece of legislation presented here today. 
I rise in strong support, Mr. Speaker, 
of this important legislation. 
In my home State of Washington, 40 
percent of jobs are tied directly to trade. We are the most trade-dependent State in the country. This bill supports that trade and those jobs through the elimination of unnecessary roadblocks U.S. companies face when exporting and importing goods and the enhanced enforcement of our laws. And it lays the groundwork for the miscellaneous tariff bill, often called the MTB, which reduces costs on American manufactur-ers and supports jobs across this coun-try. 
I am proud that this bill includes sev-
eral provisions that I have championed with colleagues across the aisle from the Pacific Northwest, including out-door recreation apparel provisions with my colleague from the State of Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ), and the renewal of 
the State trade expansion program with my colleague from the State of 
Washington (Mr. L ARSEN ). We have 
fought hard for those two provisions, and they are included in this legisla-tion. 
That program helps small businesses 
grow by making it easier for them to sell their products across this world, which, of course, helps create jobs here in the United States. The more prod-ucts we sell, the more jobs we create here at home. It has supported over 430 small businesses in Washington and 2,200 jobs. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to 
join with me today in supporting American farmers, American workers, and businesses through stronger en-forcement of our laws and streamlined trade. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2
1⁄2 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. L
INDA T. S A´NCHEZ ), another 
member of our committee. 
Ms. LINDA T. SA ´NCHEZ of Cali-
fornia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak about the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015. I am extremely frustrated that, after the long path to get us to the conference report before us today, I won’t be able to support the bill. 
As I said during our conference com-
mittee meeting earlier this week: if Customs were truly all that this bill was about, it would pass overwhelm-ingly on the floor. 
I strongly support the bulk of what is 
in the final bill. Trade enforcement should always move in lockstep with our trade policy. It is only when coun-tries live up to agreed-upon laws and regulations that we can truly have ro-bust trade, but robust trade also re-quires strong enforcement. 
Particularly for me, I am pleased 
that the bulk of the ENFORCE Act is finally at the finish line after many years of work. One of my biggest prior-ities for several years has been finding a way to combat the blatant abuse and duty evasion by some foreign producers that undercut American industry. For-eign companies use schemes to avoid paying the duties they owe on goods that they bring into the United States. 
We will finally give some real teeth 
to our enforcement procedures and send the right message to domestic 
manufacturers, employers, and workers that this Congress cares about Customs enforcement. This idea doesn’t hinder free trade. Instead, it promotes fair trade and sends a strong signal to for-eign producers that the U.S. will not tolerate abuses of internationally agreed upon trade rules. By increasing our Customs security measures, we en-sure that American companies that play by the rules are not disadvantaged as a result of evasion by foreign com-petitors. 
Unfortunately, unrelated TPA lan-
guage included in the final bill will keep me from being able to support something that I have worked on for many, many years. 
In this bill, we fail to address cur-
rency manipulation in a meaningful way. The conference report also falls 
short in the areas of climate change and human trafficking. Specifically, we should not tie our hands when it comes to combating climate change, nor should we be rushing to increase our trade with countries that persist in al-lowing human trafficking. To me, these are not the values of this country. They are no-brainers, and they shouldn’t be in this bill. But today, we fell short. 
For those reasons, I cannot support 
the final Customs package that we have before us today. 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. T
IBERI ), the former chairman 
of the Trade Subcommittee who played a key role in bringing forth this legis-lation. 
Mr. TIBERI. I thank the chairman 
for all his leadership on this going back years. 
Mr. Speaker, I introduced the Trade 
Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act in April of this year, and it is great to see that this issue is finally getting done. 
I would really like to thank Speaker 
R
YAN and, again, Chairman B RADY ; 
Chairman R EICHERT ; a special thanks 
to Representative B OUSTANY for his 
leadership going way back as well; and J
ASON SMITH, the Congressman from 
Missouri, for his incredible work to get this bill in a better place. I would also like to thank my colleagues in the Sen-ate who helped make this a successful conference committee. 
This bill presents a long, long over-
due opportunity. I would ask my col-leagues to not let the perfect be the enemy of the good. 
In my home State of Ohio, one in five 
workers’ jobs, Mr. Speaker, depends on trade. Trade drives our economy. In fact, exports from Ohio last year hit an all-time high. This bill will make it even easier for Ohio companies to trade and will increase exports, and that means increasing jobs in my State of Ohio. 
The U.S. Customs and Border Protec-
tion Act plays a pivotal role in helping ensure that our trade agreements, our preference programs, and our U.S. trade laws are enforced and that legiti-mate trade is done. Over the years, the volume and the complexity of trade and the challenges, such as combating evasion of duties and protecting U.S. intellectual property rights, have grown, and grow more complex. 
Meanwhile, we are facing increased 
competition around the world, and it is critical to keep the flow of trade mov-ing efficiently. 
Customs issues are vital to our com-
petitiveness, security, and safety. 
Streamlining legitimate trade and 
providing benefits to trusted traders will increase U.S. competitiveness in the global marketplace. 
This bill would reduce barriers and 
burdens to our small and medium busi-nesses that drive our economy, saving them time and money, and, again, cre-ate jobs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:44 Dec 12, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11DE7.032 H11DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9289 December 11, 2015 
Another major pillar of this bill is 
strengthening enforcement of our trade remedy laws. 
Enforcing U.S. intellectual property 
rights, anti-dumping, and counter-vailing duty laws prevents our com-petitors from gaining an edge by cheat-ing. When our competitors around the world don’t play by the rules, we get hurt; our American businesses get hurt; and our American workers pay. 
When our American companies and 
American workers compete on a level playing field, they win; we win. 
This bill makes our trade remedies 
more effective by allowing our Cus-toms agencies to take quick action against these bad actors, giving our businesses a fair opportunity to com-pete and win. 
This bill also contains a commitment 
to advancing a Miscellaneous Tariff Bill process. I strongly support that commitment, and will continue to work to find a path forward, Mr. Speaker. MTBs provide important re-lief to our manufacturers who import materials that have no domestic con-tent or supply. The tariffs they pay—or the taxes, they are taxes—on these products make the entire manufac-turing supply chain and the process more expensive to my constituents. The MTB process must be resolved in a way that is not only consistent with our House rules, but also our constitu-tional responsibilities. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. I yield the gen-
tleman an additional 30 seconds. 
Mr. TIBERI. I am confident we can 
resolve these issues, Mr. Speaker. This has been a long overdue bill that pro-vides much modernization to our Cus-toms process to make it easier for our manufacturers and our businesses and, ultimately, our workers, to export their products around the world. In the end, we win. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Con-necticut (Ms. D
ELAURO ). 
Ms. D ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
opposition to the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act, or the Customs bill. This legislation has his-torically been a bipartisan bill, but the majority has politicized the Customs legislation by adding several riders that would be harmful to our trade pol-icy. 
The bill undermines our ability to 
address several of the most critical global issues that we face: climate change, human trafficking, and immi-gration. And it includes no meaningful method for dealing with one of the big-gest causes of job loss and wage sup-pression in the United States: currency manipulation, which has cost our Na-tion over 5 million jobs. 
Ironically, world leaders are con-
cluding negotiations today in Paris at the largest climate summit in history. They are working hard to hash out an agreement that, as the Sierra Club has pointed out, will be undermined by the Trans-Pacific Partnership agreement. 
With the bill before us today, the United States will not be allowed to address greenhouse gas emissions in fu-ture trade negotiations. Imagine. 
The bill also contains no funding to 
support the enforcement and moni-toring of our trade agreements, and it lacks any automatic mechanism for ensuring compliance with our trade rules. This administration has never self-initiated a trade complaint against any of our free trade partners. It takes years for the administration to bring a case against countries that subsidize or dump their product in our markets. 
Lack of enforcement of our trade 
agreements has plagued our country for decades. Despite environmental rules in the U.S.-Peru free trade agree-ment, the overwhelming majority of timber from Peru is illegally logged. Despite the labor rules in the Colombia free trade agreement, over 100 Colom-bian trade unionists have been mur-dered, 19 this year alone. 
This bill does not adequately address 
enforcement. It lacks the mechanisms for ensuring compliance with trade rules. As I said, no administration has ever self-initiated a labor or environ-mental trade complaint against any of our free trade partners. Why would we think that this would begin now? 
While this bill authorizes funding for 
enforcement, there is no guarantee that this funding will ever be provided. We already lack the critical funding to enforce our existing trade agreements. American workers cannot afford to suf-fer through additional losses as their jobs are shipped to countries that do not play by the rules. 
Worst of all, one day after Inter-
national Human Rights Day, which was yesterday, this legislation contains a 
provision that will weaken U.S. efforts to curb human trafficking forced labor. The bill would allow for expedited con-sideration of a trade agreement with nations classified as the worst offend-ers of human trafficking. 
We have already seen the administra-
tion’s willingness to do whatever it takes to secure a trade deal when it up-graded the human trafficking ranking of Malaysia to conclude the TPP nego-tiations. Malaysia was in the same cat-egory as Iran just 5 months ago. Where are our values with regard to human life? 
The biggest problem with our econ-
omy today is that too many Americans are in jobs that do not pay them enough to live on. They are struggling. One of the main reasons for this is sev-eral decades of bad trade policy that has shipped millions of jobs overseas, like the policies in this Customs bill and the TPP. 
b1130 
People in this body like to say that 
all of the job losses and the wage de-pression are because of technology and globalization. It is. It is because of the policy choices we have made over the years. It is time for us to rewrite the rules. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. LEVIN. I yield the gentlewoman 
an additional 30 seconds. 
Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, millions 
of jobs are at stake as is the fate of our country’s economy. Working class fam-ilies in this Nation are struggling just to get by. Men and women are scraping together meager earnings to put food on their tables, to warm their homes, and to take care of their kids. They can’t think about sending their kids to college. They can’t think about vaca-tions or retirement security. 
We need to decide if we are going to 
rebuild a land of access and oppor-tunity, where anyone who is willing to work hard and to play by the rules can find a good job that can support a fam-ily. There is no reason to make bad trade policy even worse. This legisla-tion, with enforcement gaps and harm-ful negotiating objectives is unaccept-able. We can and should do better for working people. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. B
OUSTANY ), who has 
played a key role in strengthening trade enforcement in this bill. 
Mr. BOUSTANY. I thank Chairman 
B
RADY , Chairman T IBERI , Chairman 
REICHERT , Congressman J ASON SMITH, 
and others on the committee, as well as staff, for helping make this legisla-tion—finally, this conference report—a reality that will become law. 
Mr. Speaker, today, Louisiana’s sea-
food industry is being severely injured by illegal foreign imports. Right now, the fundamental issue is economic growth. How do we empower our sea-food producers, our farmers, and our manufacturers to grow their busi-nesses? to create opportunity? to grow this economy? The legislation before us today is important because, as we seek to expand market access for all of our businesses and our farmers, we need seamless trade facilitation and strong enforcement if we are going to achieve that economic growth. 
This bill contains language from my 
PROTECT Act, providing new tools for the relevant Federal agencies, for le-gitimate importers and distributors, and for trade-affected domestic indus-tries to prevent and combat fraud at our border, not after the fact. That is a key distinction and a key piece of this legislation. It will allow our seafood producers, our farmers, and our manu-facturers to compete on a fair playing field here in our American domestic market as we seek open market access abroad for them as well. 
Additionally, crawfish processors in 
my State of Louisiana have suffered for 15 years because of the unfair dumping of crawfish from China and other ille-gal sources. In effect, the administra-tion punished domestic crawfish pro-ducers by forcing them to pay for the delays caused by Chinese dumpers, by the U.S. insurance companies that posted bond for the duties, and, in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:44 Dec 12, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11DE7.025 H11DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9290 December 11, 2015 
some cases, by the Customs and Border 
Patrol, itself. This bill contains an im-portant fix that will make sure that our crawfish producers are paid what they are owed. 
Mr. Speaker, this legislation, this 
Customs reauthorization conference re-port, will make necessary improve-ments, not only to ensure fraud is pre-vented at our border, but so that our American industries are treated fairly. I urge its support. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Wis-consin (Mr. K
IND), a distinguished 
member of our committee. 
Mr. KIND. I thank my friend from 
Michigan for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, as a member of the 
committee and as someone who has been involved in the negotiations of the legislation before us, I rise in strong support of the Trade Facilita-tion and Trade Enforcement Act. 
The bill that we have before us today 
is not the bill that came out of the House in June. There are much-needed improvements. As we debate trade pol-icy and where we are going in the 21st century global economy, we need strong enforcement mechanisms so that, when we get standards in these trade agreements that elevate it as being up to us to level the playing field for our workers, for our businesses, and for our farmers, we have the tools to ensure that those standards are en-forced on an appropriate basis, so we are able to counter unfair trade prac-tices as they are applied against us. That is exactly what is in this bill right now. This bill will end any impor-tation of products that are made from the exploitation of child and forced labor, for instance. 
This bill also includes the ENFORCE 
Act, additional tools to enforce the provisions that we do negotiate in fu-ture trade agreements. 
This bill establishes the Interagency 
Trade Enforcement Center for greater coordination between our agencies in order to enforce provisions that we ne-gotiate in trade agreements. 
It establishes an enforcement trust 
fund, which is due to the hard work my friend and colleague from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) put in, so that there are 
dedicated resources in order to enforce the provisions that we fought to achieve. 
It establishes a Super 301 section— 
again, enhancing the enforcement on those standards that many of us have been fighting for: core labor, environ-mental, human rights protections—in the body of these trade agreements, which are fully enforceable like any other provision. That Super 301 will give us tools that will enable us to move forward on that. 
It also establishes a State Trade and 
Export Promotion Program—reauthor-izing it and funding it—to make it easi-er for our small businesses and our manufacturers back home to be able to export more easily. We know that those exporting companies typically pay their workers, roughly, 18 to 19 
percent above other workers within that sector; so it is a win for our small businesses back home. 
It is not a perfect bill. It is the prod-
uct of compromise and bipartisanship. I think it advances the ball when it comes to key enforcement. I encourage my colleagues to support it. 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
OSKAM ), who played a 
key role in the language defending our friend and ally Israel. 
Mr. ROSKAM. I thank Chairman 
B
RADY . 
Mr. Speaker, a couple of years ago, 
Israel’s Ambassador Michael Oren wrote an opinion piece that got my at-tention, and he described the waves of attempts to wipe Israel off the map. 
He said the first wave was military, 
and we know how that worked: Israel’s enemies worked together, and they were not successful in defeating Israel back in 1948. The second wave was a wave of terror. That is still ongoing, but that wave has not been successful. Yet there is a third wave, and the third wave is, actually, more insidious. The third wave is a movement called the Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions Movement. It is an attempt to take away Israel’s legitimacy, to hold Israel to a standard to which no other coun-try in the world is held. 
So let’s not kid ourselves that this is 
an attempt to drive Israel to the nego-tiating table—this movement, that is. It is an attempt to wipe Israel off the map. It is the smart, long move for the haters of Israel. 
But, today, in this bill, the House is 
saying we stand with Israel. We stand with Israel, and we are pushing back. We are making it the official policy of the United States, along with the Trade Promotion Authority Act, which says we are going to push back against state-sponsored BDS activities. There is good work here. 
Mr. Speaker, there are many times 
when people ask: Can’t people get along in Congress? The answer is, yes, we can. This is strongly supported on a bipartisan basis, and it does two things in particular that I want to bring your attention to: 
Number one, it works to protect 
American companies from foreign law-suits, which is incredibly important be-cause of our strong commercial rela-tionship with the Israelis. Secondly, it has a reporting requirement, so it makes the administration more mind-ful, and we are going to have more in-formation. 
I thank Congressman V
ARGAS , who 
was a coauthor with me in some of the underlying legislation that was adopt-ed by Chairman B
RADY and others. I 
thank all of the conferees. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, how much 
time remains? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Michigan has 13 minutes remaining, and the gentleman from Texas has 16
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. P
AULSEN ), who has 
played a key role in advancing our en-tire progrowth trade agenda. 
Mr. PAULSEN. I thank the chairman 
for moving this bill forward and get-ting it one step closer to law after his long-term engagement in trade facili-tation. 
Mr. Speaker and Members, trade fa-
cilitation and trade is key to growing our economy. This bill makes needed reforms to our Customs procedures; it strengthens enforcement measures be-hind our trade agreements; and it re-moves unnecessary barriers to trade. 
The bill couldn’t come at a more im-
portant time. Think about it. We are in the midst of the opportunity to com-plete two of the most ambitious trade agreements in our Nation’s history: one with countries in the Pacific Rim and the other with our allies in the Eu-ropean Union. The United States used to be at the top. We were at the top for our efficiency and trade and logistics and moving goods across the border, but our Customs procedures have be-come outdated, and we have slipped. Now we have too much paperwork and too much inefficiency. This bipartisan bill streamlines and modernizes our Customs system to get us back on track. 
Why is trade important? Of course, 
the answer is very simple: It is about jobs. 
Trade supports one in five American 
jobs. In my State of Minnesota, more than 774,000 jobs are connected to trade; so trade is driving our economy. Many of these jobs are held by people who do work at small- and medium- sized businesses, which are the back-bone of our economy. In fact, 98 per-cent of all American exporters are small- or medium-sized employers. These are jobs that pay more. They pay higher than average wages, and they pay better salaries for American work-ers. 
In addition to supporting American 
jobs, the Customs bill also includes stronger enforcement tools that are es-sential to the trade agreements that 
we have with other countries so that they don’t cheat. It provides fair and strong rules to hold other countries ac-countable for their unfair trade prac-tices, and it will help tear down bar-riers that unfairly block our goods from foreign markets. 
Mr. Speaker, for these reasons, I am 
excited to see the Customs bill move forward on a bipartisan basis. It will improve trade facilitation so as to move goods and services more effi-ciently. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. S
MITH), a key member of 
the Ways and Means Committee who is focused on American agriculture and American outerwear. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:44 Dec 12, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11DE7.027 H11DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9291 December 11, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Speak-
er, I stand in strong support of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforce-ment Act of 2015. 
This legislation will update and 
streamline our country’s Customs and Border policies to facilitate trade and enhance U.S. competitiveness. Included in the bill are a number of additional, commonsense provisions. 
For example, the bill fixes a tech-
nical error which inadvertently in-creased the tariff rates on outerwear. Not only is this fix important to pro-ducers, retailers, and consumers, but it also brings the U.S. back into compli-ance with our commitments under the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade. 
While I am disappointed we couldn’t 
find a path forward on the Miscella-neous Tariff Bill process, I am pleased the bill contains language in support of continued work on this issue. 
The conference report also takes im-
portant steps to strengthen Trade Pro-motion Authority. TPA is necessary to ensure that the U.S. gets the best pos-sible deal in trade negotiations as we move forward, and these agreements should leverage our country’s compara-tive advantages in all industries, cer-tainly including energy. 
For this reason, I was happy to see 
the inclusion of language to prevent the administration from using trade agreements to negotiate very costly greenhouse gas emission rules in the United States. I also want to make sure Nebraska producers can make the most of the opportunities provided by a level playing field in order to increase exports. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
important legislation. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 
minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. D
OGGETT ), another distinguished 
member of our committee. 
Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, this 
Customs bill fails totally to address a custom that is the custom of the USTR: saying one thing and doing an-other. 
Were it possible to legislate trust, to 
legislate candor, to legislate fidelity to public duty, I would be the most enthu-siastic supporter this bill could have. Unfortunately, this proposal represents only a very thin, see-through window dressing for a runaway bureaucracy that is pursuing its own multinational corporate agenda and ignoring the pub-lic interest. 
The USTR, in its history, has never 
successfully challenged an environ-mental abuse. Though the USTR has been charged since February 2009 with preventing trade in illegal logging and in the destruction of Peruvian rain for-ests, the Environmental Investigation Agency recently reported: ‘‘Illegal log-ging in Peru and the associated trade remains a serious and unabated prob-lem.’’ There has been a ‘‘complete fail-ure to enforce these obligations . . .’’ One such obligation is a very simple audit to demonstrate whether logs are being harvested legally or illegally. I 
have specifically asked the USTR re-peatedly to just produce the audit so we can see, and they have refused to provide that documentation or to admit that their enforcement has to-tally failed to do that simple matter. Meanwhile, coffins with the names of brave Peruvian inspectors are being dragged through the streets. 
The USTR trumpets its environ-
mental successes; yet the Peruvian Government is being rewarded for going backward, not forward, on the environment. 
b1145 
USTR has never successfully chal-
lenged worker abuses. Almost 8 years after the Administration received a complaint about serious abuses in Gua-temala, such as the right to work and join with other workers without being murdered, USTR has not remedied the complaint. 
In Honduras, USTR announced with 
great fanfare just by coincidence yes-terday that, after 3 long years of delay on child labor and other abuses, it had a new plan. Well, it is the same type of plan that failed in Guatemala. We don’t need new public relation plans. We need to enforce the law effectively. 
What reason is there conceivably to 
believe that Vietnam, a country with one union that is only a branch of the Communist Party, will somehow fulfill its trade obligations under the Trans- Pacific Partnership for a complete overhaul of its system when it takes the Administration almost 8 years to address Guatemala labor concerns? More likely, we will simply be joining another race to the bottom with a 60- cent-per-hour Vietnamese wage. 
Just as it lacked the will to enforce 
environmental and working conditions, USTR prioritized trade even when that meant excusing modern-day slave trade in corrupt Malaysia. The bureaucratic manipulation and indifference to human trafficking in Asia is disgrace-ful. 
The only thing that is transparent 
about USTR is the ease of seeing through its propaganda. Certainly, I am very concerned about climate change, but the real climate that needs changing when it comes to our trade policy is the climate of indifference and secrecy at USTR. 
I ask that you vote against this bill 
in order to develop a true pro-trade, 21st-century American policy that re-flects our basic American values and protects our jobs. 
Mr. LEVIN. If the chairman does not 
mind, I would like to yield to the dis-tinguished leader. Is that okay, Mr. Chairman? 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Yes, sir. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, it is now 
my privilege to yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. P
ELOSI ), our distinguished leader. 
Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
the gentleman for yielding and for his leadership on behalf of America’s working families. I thank the chairman 
of the committee for his courtesy in enabling me to speak at this time. 
Mr. Speaker, Congress has a responsi-
bility to stand with American manu-facturing and to help create good-pay-ing jobs for the hardworking families who are the backbone of our country. The middle class is the backbone of our democracy. In order to have fair trade, we must have robust tools to enforce the obligations of our trading partners. 
This legislation began as a strong, bi-
partisan trade enforcement bill. It has degenerated into a vehicle for all of the toxic, special interest promises that have been made to secure passage of the TPA. They have poisoned a strong trade enforcement bill with their de-nial of the climate crisis, with their turning a blind eye on human traf-ficking, and with their refusal to ad-dress the foreign currency manipula-tion that destroys millions of Amer-ican jobs. 
In terms of the climate crisis, con-
gressional Republicans refuse to ac-knowledge the truth of the climate cri-sis. Pope Francis, on his visit here and even before he came and since, has made this climate crisis a priority. It was the subject of his encyclical. He has said that he is praying for the suc-cess of the historic Paris Climate Sum-mit. 
Faith leaders from the evangelical 
community and across the board are urging us to answer our moral respon-sibility to preserve God’s creation. It is our responsibility. As God’s creation, we have a responsibility to be good stewards of it and to do so in a way that does not hurt the poor and their presentations. 
Just look at what is happening in 
Paris as opposed to what is happening here. In Paris, 195 nations have con-vened to address the climate crisis that threatens the health of our commu-nities and the future that we leave our children. It is about air pollution. 186 nations have submitted plans to ad-dress the climate crisis and the air pol-lution. 146 world leaders personally at-tended the conference. 
Yet, with this Customs bill, Repub-
licans would bar our trade negotiators from even discussing climate in the context of a trade agreement. You can-not separate climate and commerce. We cannot accept Republicans’ willful blindness to this connection and to the reality of the climate crisis. 
Our trade negotiations must honor 
our values as a Nation. America must stand as a bulwark against the atrocity 
of human trafficking wherever it is found. 
In the week that we mark the 150th 
anniversary of the 13th Amendment abolishing slavery in the United States or anyplace subject to our jurisdiction, this legislation allows countries with documented forced labor practices and brutal human trafficking to enjoy the benefits of free trade and full access to our markets. 
In the Trade Promotion Authority 
legislation, we prohibited fast-track 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Dec 12, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11DE7.028 H11DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9292 December 11, 2015 
procedures for trade agreements with 
countries ranked tier 3 in the State De-partment’s Trafficking in Persons Re-port, which are nations with the worst human rights records. That is in the TPA. Yet, in this bill, we weaken that standard, say, for example, for Malay-sia and for other nations failing to ad-dress human trafficking. 
In terms of currency, Republicans 
continue to allow foreign currency ma-nipulation to devastate the competi-tiveness of goods made in America, stealing jobs from American workers. The American Policy Institute esti-mates that foreign currency manipula-tion has already cost millions of Amer-ican jobs and threatens hundreds of thousands more in the coming years. 
We need strong, enforceable currency 
standards in our Customs laws. Yet, Republicans have stripped out this tough, bipartisan provision, cracking down on currency manipulation in the Senate bill. It is time to crack down on countries who have manipulated their currencies for years to protect their in-dustries and undercut American jobs. In any trade legislation, our top re-sponsibility must be to strengthen the paychecks of America’s workers. 
Since I have lost my voice, let us re-
ject this deeply flawed bill. 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. S
MITH), a member of the 
Ways and Means Committee who is fighting for American agriculture, fur-niture, and other local businesses. 
Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise in support of the conference re-port. 
Right now there are over 120 anti-
dumping and countervailing duty cases against China. When China violates the rules of international trade, small- and medium-sized manufacturers in Mis-souri and across America are harmed. The ENFORCE Act included in this re-port would strengthen America’s abil-ity to identify and go after those who break international law. 
One company in Missouri found itself 
unfairly competing against an illegal product originating from China, but using a fake address. The ENFORCE Act allows this company to now take real and meaningful action against for-eign perpetrators. 
This spring, as the Ways and Means 
Committee worked on TPA, there were many constructive conversations about what our trade enforcement bill was going to look like. I am grateful to Speaker R
YAN, Chairman B RADY , Mr. 
TIBERI , and Mr. B OUSTANY for their 
willingness to work with me to get the ENFORCE Act included in this bill. It was a team effort, and the bill we have before us reflects that. 
American workers and American 
products can compete with anybody in the world. When countries cheat, our manufacturers are significantly harmed. This bill helps end those un-fair practices. 
I urge my colleagues to support the 
conference report. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, could the 
Chair tell us the time remaining on both sides. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Michigan has 8 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Texas has 11
1⁄2minutes remaining. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, by the way, 
I thank Chairman B RADY for allowing 
the leader to go out of turn. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ), the chair-
man of the Judiciary Committee. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the chairman for yielding and for his and other members of the Ways and Means Committee’s outstanding work on this legislation. I am here to talk about another aspect of it. 
Time is short. A temporary ban on 
State taxation of Internet access is ex-piring. Section 922 of the conference re-port aids taxpayers by making this ban permanent. 
If the ban on Internet access taxes is 
not renewed, the potential tax burden on Americans would be substantial. It is estimated that Internet access tax rates could be more than twice the av-erage rate of all other goods and serv-ices. Low-income households could pay 10 times as much as high-income households as a share of income. 
Congress has passed numerous tem-
porary bans with enormous bipartisan support. Earlier this year a permanent ban passed the House by voice vote. 
Section 922 merely prevents Internet 
access taxes and unfair multiple or dis-criminatory taxes on e-commerce. It does not tackle the issue of Internet sales taxes. My committee is working assiduously on that issue and making progress. 
Studies show that taxes affect Inter-
net adoption rates. As price rises, de-mand falls. The Internet has become an indispensable gateway to scientific, educational, and economic opportuni-ties. Section 922 preserves unfettered access to one of the most unique gate-ways to knowledge and engines of self- improvement in all of human history. 
I thank the conferees for including 
this protaxpayer collision. I urge my colleagues’ support. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ), a distinguished 
member of our committee. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise in support of the bill today, which is in a much better form than the bill I opposed this summer. Yes, there are still terrible, extraneous provisions. 
Climate is the worst example, but 
that is actually going to be more of an embarrassment to my Republican friends in the future, that they trotted this out at a time that the rest of the world is working in Paris to try and deal with it. As a practical matter, it is not going to make that much dif-ference. 
I disagree with my learned friend, the 
ranking member. There will not be a reason that we can’t harmonize, for ex-
ample, fuel standards. There are lots of reasons to do that. The Trans-Pacific Partnership’s deforestation provisions will probably have as much impact on fighting climate change as anything that is going on in Paris. 
Peru is still troubling. I fought hard 
for those provisions. As recently as this week, I have been pushing on the administration to do more. It is cer-tainly better than if we hadn’t enacted those provisions before. As a matter of fact, that is why we have worked so hard to establish the trust fund. 
I appreciate the cooperation of my 
friend, the chairman, who has worked hard to make sure there is guaranteed funding for the next 10 years, $30 mil-lion a year, when the whole USTR budget is less than $60 million. 
These trade enforcement provisions 
are complex, they are expensive, they are tedious, and they are hard. It takes money to do it. This provision in-cludes—the legislation that I worked on with Senator C
ANTWELL —being able 
to make sure we can do a better job of enforcing it. 
The bill is not perfect, but it is much 
better than what we had this summer. It represents movement in directions that we can all take pride in. There are a number of provisions that make a huge difference for the people I rep-resent in the Pacific Northwest as well as modernizing the Customs provisions. 
Mr. Speaker, I respectfully suggest 
that this is a step forward. I look for-
ward to working with my colleagues to make sure that it is, in fact, enforced in the future so that we can get the benefits people are talking about. 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself 15 seconds. 
I do want to thank the gentleman 
from Oregon for his very thoughtful, constructive efforts to help us craft the right trade enforcement remedies. Going forward, I look forward to work-ing with you on other trade remedy issues. 
I appreciate the gentlewoman from 
Michigan (Mrs. M
ILLER ) whose hard 
work, along with that of the Michigan delegation, enhanced our hand on cur-rency manipulation. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to 
the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. M
ILLER ). 
Mrs. MILLER of Michigan. Mr. 
Speaker, I come from southeast Michi-gan, which is home of America’s do-mestic auto industry where we build absolutely the finest quality cars and trucks on Earth. We know our products can compete against anyone anywhere in the world. All we ask for is a level playing field. 
b1200 
Unfortunately, American car compa-
nies have suffered decades of economic devastation due to unfair currency ma-nipulation practices from overseas competitors, like Japan, China, and South Korea. 
That is why I support this bill, Mr. 
Speaker. After decades of doing noth-ing—decades of doing nothing—this bill 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:51 Dec 12, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11DE7.029 H11DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9293 December 11, 2015 
contains very strong measures to pro-
tect American products from nations that manipulate their currency. 
Now, there will be a three-part test 
that will identify countries that ma-nipulate their currency and, once iden-tified, they must be reported to Con-gress, and action must be taken. 
I certainly appreciate the help of the 
House leadership as well as the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, because these provisions will level the playing field, Mr. Speaker. 
All of us want free trade, but it must 
be fair trade. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. D
INGELL ). 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
with nothing but the utmost respect for my colleague from Michigan and agree with her on the need to address currency manipulation. 
Mr. Speaker, when the Committee on 
Ways and Means first began consid-ering this bill, it represented a real op-portunity to improve our system of trade and eliminate loopholes that allow foreign nations and bad actors to avoid our trade laws. Currency manipu-lation is the number one trade abuse that must be addressed. 
Unfortunately, this bill has become 
the Christmas tree of the holiday sea-son, and it is being used to put lipstick on the pig that is our current trade ne-gotiations. It ties our negotiators’ hands on even negotiating common emissions standards by restricting any consideration of climate issues, and it prevents them from negotiating immi-gration-related language as well. Fur-ther, it weakens existing trade laws de-signed to prevent human trafficking. 
The ribbon on this Christmas sur-
prise is a totally new provision on Internet taxation that isn’t even in the jurisdiction of the Committee on Ways and Means and could have unintended consequences that could bankrupt local governments. 
There are good provisions at the core 
of this bill to help improve our Cus-toms system, but they are outweighed by the political gamesmanship that has made this legislation impossible to support. We have seen far too many other examples of last-minute political provisions inserted in bills over the years, and we risk unintended con-sequences of these political provisions as well. 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING), who worked hard to 
ensure that trade agreements are for expanding trade, not expanding immi-gration. 
Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank the chairman of the Committee on Ways and Means—and I am de-lighted he is the chairman of the Com-mittee on Ways and Means—for yield-ing. 
I rise in support of the conference re-
port of the Customs bill. It has got many provisions within it which I am happy about and happy to support. The currency manipulation provision is one 
of them. 
I am pleased to be here to be able to 
say that there were those that had sig-nificant heartburn over trade pro-motion authority. I am one of them. There were two provisions that I so badly wanted to be included within the TPA legislation, because I have a bit of a history of working to keep the immi-gration components out of trade deals. Congress needs to be passing immigra-tion law, not trade negotiators. 
Well, that language is an amendment 
that is in here in the conference report, along with language that prohibits the negotiations under trade promotion au-thority on climate change. So we are protected from executive decisions im-posed upon this Congress and a usurpa-tion of article I authority by two pieces of language in here: No negotia-tions under TPA can include climate change under this language; and no ne-gotiations under TPA can include im-migration. 
Congress can speak to that, but they 
cannot negotiate that under TPA. That is very important to me. It is impor-tant to a lot of people across this coun-try. I am standing here saying thank you to now-Speaker R
YAN, who nego-
tiated this with me and others. He re-grets that he wasn’t able to shake my hand as chairman of the Committee on Ways and Means. That is fine with me, Mr. Speaker. 
I am happy to shake the hand of 
K
EVIN BRADY as chairman of the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means, and say to a number of people who had significant apprehension about whether this would come together on all of the language necessary to get support for trade pro-motion authority, to say to them upon the passage of this conference report here today and the anticipated signa-ture, merry Christmas to all of you who wanted to step down the line to preserve article I authority for the United States Congress. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE), my friend and col-
league and neighbor. 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
support free and fair trade. Where I come from in Houston, Texas, we are an export city. We make a lot of things, and we sell them all over the world, so I support trade. 
Let’s go back to the year 1898, Mr. 
Speaker. The Spanish-American War existed then. To help finance the war, Congress taxed a newfangled contrap-tion called the telephone. The war was over. Teddy Roosevelt and the Rough Riders had stormed San Juan Hill be-fore the tax was actually completely collected, but World War I came around, and the tax reemerged. 
Mr. Speaker, that war tax over 100 
years ago is still on your telephone bill. You pick up your phone bill, and if you have a landline, you are still pay-ing that war tax. The point being, Mr. Speaker, once 
Congress imposes a tax, it seems like it never goes away. But, shock, in this legislation, it prohibits a tax that is al-ready being collected in some States. Some States tax Internet access. 
This bill does away with that tax. 
But it fairly allows States like Texas to phase it out until 2020. Good com-promise. So let’s eliminate a tax on Americans. 
Mr. Speaker, don’t get too excited. 
We may be eliminating one tax, but that war tax over 100 years ago that was implemented-still exists. Maybe we will get around to eliminating that eventually. 
And that is just the way it is. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
the balance of my time. 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 
free trade is enforceable trade. 
I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman 
from Indiana (Mrs. W
ALORSKI ), who has 
fought for enforceable trade laws. 
Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
in strong support of the conference re-port before us. Manufacturing is crit-ical to the Hoosier economy and my district. A study by the Economic Pol-icy Institute found that manufacturing jobs account for almost 17 percent of all jobs in Indiana. That is the highest rate in the Nation. Manufacturing jobs account for 23.1 percent of the jobs in my district, second highest in the Na-tion. 
This legislation will make our manu-
facturers so much more competitive by eliminating the red tape and removing supply chain bottlenecks. It provides new tools to tackle evasion of U.S. trade remedies and intellectual prop-erty theft. 
To be sure, I would like to have seen 
a new miscellaneous tariff bill process, and I thank the new chairman for his commitment to finding a path forward on that. But, Mr. Speaker, I whole-heartedly urge my colleagues to sup-port this legislation that will help manufacturers in my district and across the country. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. C
ONNOLLY ). 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I 
thank my friend from Michigan for his graciousness. I rise in support of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforce-ment Act of 2015. It is a significant im-provement over the original Customs bill, which I opposed. 
There are human trafficking report-
ing requirements that have been added. There is currency language that ex-pands U.S. action on currency manipu-lation. It codifies the ENFORCE Act, some of the most strict enforcement provisions ever on trade by U.S. legis-lation. It creates an interagency trade enforcement center. It creates a trade enforcement trust fund. It provides protections for small businesses and bans child and forced labor. 
I would prefer to see stronger 
proenvironmental provisions, but this enforcement bill, trade enforcement 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Dec 12, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11DE7.036 H11DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9294 December 11, 2015 
bill is a significant move forward. I am 
pleased to support the underlying legis-lation and the conference report. I thank all who contributed to it. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, how much 
time remains on both sides? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Michigan has 4 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Texas also has 4 minutes remaining. 
Mr. LEVIN. I yield myself the re-
maining time. 
Mr. Speaker, let me first address cli-
mate change. It is interesting that some of the people who speak in favor say how regrettable it is that this pro-vision is even here. The gentleman from Iowa made clear why this provi-sion is here. It was an effort to get votes for TPA. 
My feeling is, no matter how people 
voted on TPA, they should oppose this conference report. One of the reasons relates to global warming. It is really disgraceful this provision is here at the same time virtually everybody in the world is trying to address climate change. 
I just want to read the exact lan-
guage. It says: to ensure that trade agreements do not establish obliga-tions for the U.S. regarding greenhouse gas emission measures. 
That is the exact language. There is 
no way to fuzz it over. There is no way to fuzz it over. 
Let me just, then, say a word about 
currency. This conference report de-letes a meaningful, very, very concrete way to address currency manipulation. The language here in this conference bill just essentially, in the end, says nothing that is meaningful. 
It says: If the President determines 
there is a problem with a country’s currency—it won’t even mention the words ‘‘currency manipulation’’—then the President shall do such-and-such— things he can already do—and there is a waiver for the President if he doesn’t want to take any of the steps. 
The currency provision essentially 
takes away what was in the Senate bill, and we passed the same or a simi-lar measure a number of years ago. So that is as to currency. This is very much in the wrong direction. 
The same is true in terms of human 
trafficking. Essentially what it says is: If a country is in tier 3—the worst in terms of human trafficking—and takes some concrete steps, they can still re-ceive all the benefits of a trade nego-tiation, even if they still have the most egregious conditions in their country on human trafficking, both sex and labor human trafficking. That is really also, I think, worse than unwarranted. 
Let me just finish by saying a few 
words about enforcement. I guess no one has worked, if I might say, more than I have in terms of enforceability. The provisions that we have put in place—for example, those regarding worker rights, environment, and medi-cines—need to be enforced. The prob-lem with this legislation is, in most of the cases, it really doesn’t change any-thing much, if at all. As I said earlier, it establishes an en-
forcement center that is already exist-ing. It renews Super 301. There is no need to do that. The administration has the ability to do that already. It does set up an enforcement trust fund, but there is no appropriation of the money. Enforcement is already under-appropriated. So now we are setting up a new trust fund without any indica-tion that it is going to be appropriated. 
This bill is very close in spirit and in 
language to the bill that almost all of us on the Democratic side voted against. I urge strong opposition to this conference report. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
b1215 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Expanding trade and giving our 
American workers and companies more opportunities around the world creates jobs here in America: better paychecks, better opportunities, and a stronger economy for our country. Critical to that is to make sure our trade agree-ments and trade rules are enforced. That is what this bill is all about. 
This bill establishes the strongest en-
forcement and revenue laws ever put on the books in the United States of America. It incorporates issues against currency manipulation; protections and remedies on a number of other areas within our economy that never before have been placed into effect; and it creates a working trust fund, a source of existing revenue, to focus on enforcing those rules. 
It also streamlines the way we do 
trade in America. That is important as well, because it is important for con-sumers to lower prices. It is important for our local businesses as they manu-facture products to sell and compete both here in America and around the world. In fact, it has been more than a decade since we have reauthorized Cus-toms and those processes. 
This is about modernizing it, making 
it more efficient, more effective, more accountable, all of which helps grow our economy and helps working class families. 
As important from our side of the 
aisle, this fulfills the commitment of then-chairman of the Ways and Means Committee, P
AULRYAN, and our lead-
ership to the Members in the House to make this an even better law. And we have succeeded, working with Rep-resentatives K
INGand S ESSIONS on im-
migration language, to make sure this is a trade-only agreement; working with members of the Steel Caucus— Representatives B
ARLETTA , M URPHY , 
DAVIS, BOST, and many others—to en-
sure that we have strong remedies in those areas; working with Representa-tive M
ILLER and the Michigan delega-
tion against currency manipulation; working successfully with Representa-tive Z
INKE of Montana to make sure 
there is strong oversight of the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative and 
we have more access to negotiating rounds; working with Chairman R
OYCE  
of California on human trafficking; working with Chairman C
HABOT of Ohio 
on small business provisions; working with Mr. C
RENSHAW of Florida to en-
sure that there are trade preferences for Nepal as they struggle in this bill; and working with Mr. W
ALDEN , Mr. 
REICHERT , Mr. R EED, and Mr. B OUSTANY  
on key provisions. 
I say all that to make the case this is 
a bipartisan measure. It is thoughtful, it is effective, it is long overdue, and it is important to expanding trade and making that effective here in America. I urge its support. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, today, we are 
making critical changes to our domestic trade laws to ensure that U.S. companies compete on a level playing field. Manufacturers in my district have suffered a competitive disadvan-tage from trade cheaters in China and other foreign countries that don’t follow the trade rules we already have on the books. 
Unfortunately, there are companies in China 
who cheat. American companies cannot com-pete with products that are subsidized by for-eign governments and therefore priced below market value. American companies waste val-uable time and legal fees bringing cases against unfairly subsidized products that are dumped into the United States. When Amer-ican companies win these dumping cases, they deserve to have the penalties enforced. 
Unfortunately, Mr. Speaker, American com-
panies have not been competing on a level playing field. Those same trade cheaters that dumped their goods into our U.S. markets are adding insult to injury by evading the duty or penalty. When they ship the product from a country that doesn’t have a penalty for dump-ing, they are skipping out on paying the pen-alty for cheating in the first place. 
We need a better referee to level the play-
ing field. We need the penalties to be en-forced. That’s why I negotiated for the inclu-sion of the ENFORCE Act in the final Customs Bill and defended their importance throughout this Conference process. 
This bill will ensure that Customs and Bor-
der Protection (CBP) must investigate cases of duty evasion within 300 days. If for some reason CBP begins rubberstamping these de-cisions, the company can go to a U.S. court to have the case reviewed. These are critical reforms that are necessary to ensure that American companies are on a level playing field. I thank my colleagues and friends Mr. M
CHENRY , Mr. T IBERI , Chairman B RADY , 
Speaker R YAN, Dr. B OUSTANY , Mr. S MITH, and 
the Steel Caucus for working with me on this important reform. 
Every foreign company wants to sell their 
goods on American store shelves to American consumers. We must make sure we have the tools we need at the border to prevent foreign trade cheaters from sneaking their goods onto our shelves without paying the appropriate du-ties. We must protect American manufacturers and American jobs from trade cheaters. 
Additionally, I urge support for this bill be-
cause of critical protections against misguided attempts to use trade agreements to rewrite 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:51 Dec 12, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K11DE7.038 H11DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9295 December 11, 2015 
our domestic immigration laws and environ-
mental regulations. While this bill is not per-fect, the permanent improvements to our trade laws and the bans on misuse of trade agree-ments make it worthy of our support. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time 
for debate has expired. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 560, 
the previous question is ordered. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, I have a 
motion to recommit at the desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the 
gentleman opposed to the conference report? 
Mr. DOGGETT. Yes, Mr. Speaker. 
Given all the injustices promoted by this conference report, I am strongly opposed to it. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Doggett moves to recommit the con-
ference report on the bill H.R. 644 to the committee on conference with instructions to the managers on the part of the House to— 
(1) disagree to subsections (b) and (e) of 
section 914 of the conference substitute rec-ommended by the committee of conference; and 
(2) insist on sections 701 through 706 of the 
Senate amendment to the bill as passed the House. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The mo-
tion is not debatable. 
Without objection, the previous ques-
tion is ordered on the motion to recom-mit. 
There was no objection. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion to recommit. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, on that 
I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX, and the order of the House of today, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE BRANCH 
APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. 
Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 560, I call up the bill (H.R. 2250) making appropriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2016, and for other purposes, with the Senate amendments thereto, and ask for its immediate consider-ation. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will designate the Senate amend-ments. 
Senate amendments: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-
sert the following: 
That the Continuing Appropriations Act, 2016 
(Public Law 114–53) is amended by striking the date specified in section 106(3) and inserting ‘‘December 16, 2015’’. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Further Con-
tinuing Appropriations Act, 2016’’. Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘Further 
Continuing Appropriations Act, 2016’’. 
MOTION OFFERED BY MR . ROGERS OF KENTUCKY  
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. 
Speaker, I have a motion at the desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will designate the motion. 
The text of the motion is as follows: 
Mr. Rogers of Kentucky moves that the 
House concur in the Senate amendments to H.R. 2250. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 560, the mo-tion shall be debatable for 1 hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations. 
The gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. 
R
OGERS ) and the gentlewoman from 
New York (Mrs. L OWEY ) each will con-
trol 30 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Kentucky. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the further consideration of H.R. 2250. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kentucky? 
There was no objection. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to present 
H.R. 2250, a short-term continuing res-olution that will fund the government through December 16. 
As you know, our current funding 
mechanism expires today, at midnight. At this point, it is, unfortunately, nec-essary for us to have a little more time to complete our negotiations. 
This continuing resolution extends 
current levels of funding for critical government programs for 5 additional days, ensuring our government stays open until midnight next Wednesday. The Senate passed this same bill yes-terday. So, with approval in the House, this bill will go to the President today. 
I believe we are making good 
progress, Mr. Speaker, on a final, full- year appropriations package. While I had hoped that we would be done by this point, there are still many moving pieces. It is my hope and expectation that the final omnibus legislation will be completed by this new deadline. 
Mr. Speaker, I am not the biggest fan 
of continuing resolutions. They tend to be wasteful and inefficient. However, at this point, I see this procedure today as the best way forward. This continuing resolution is very short and limited in scope, simply buying us enough time to wrap up our negotiations and bring a full-year bill to the floor without a lapse in important government serv-ices. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. 
Before closing, Mr. Speaker, I have a 
sad announcement to make. On Wednesday morning, the committee lost one of its longstanding staff, who 
has been associated with the legislative branch for 25 years: Chuck Turner. We mourn his loss. As soon as we have fur-ther details on services, we will provide that information to the House. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in half-hearted 
support of the continuing resolution before us. While it saves hardworking Americans and our economy from a disastrous government shutdown, it re-flects a failure of Congress to carry out one of our most basic constitutional re-sponsibilities. 
It has been 2
1⁄2months since the be-
ginning of fiscal year 2016 and 6 weeks since we passed a bipartisan, 2-year budget agreement to set the guidelines for appropriations. There is no good reason we should not have passed spending bills by now to keep the gov-ernment operating for the 2016 fiscal year. 
The bill before us today should be bi-
partisan legislation that makes crucial investments in biomedical research, job training, and national security. The bill before us today should provide relief from harmful sequester caps that are hurting economic growth and fami-lies’ pocketbooks. Instead, Repub-licans’ insistence on including dan-gerous, harmful policies in the spend-ing bills has halted progress. 
Since the budget agreement, ter-
rorist attacks in Paris and San Bernardino have brought to bear the need for improved security and closure in lax gun safety laws. Yet the major-ity wants to continue to deny even basic research on causes of gun vio-lence at the Centers for Disease Con-trol, not to mention we should be act-ing immediately to stop the legal pur-chase of guns by those on terrorist watch lists, an amendment I have in-troduced four times in 5 years that has been defeated every time in committee. 
The process has stalled because Re-
publicans insist on demonizing legal, women’s reproductive health decisions, even putting women’s jobs at risk if their employers do not agree with their health choices. 
And finally, 2015 is on track to be the 
hottest year on record, with droughts leading to hunger and wildfires, and rising sea levels threatening to wipe away island nations. Yet Republicans demand measures that harm the envi-ronment, put the health and safety of Americans, their children, and the en-tire planet at risk. 
I hope my colleagues will work to-
gether in the coming 5 days to agree on appropriations bills that invest in bio-medical research, education, infra-structure, job training, and a strong national defense. Together, we can pro-vide opportunities for hardworking families and build a 21st century work-force and a secure America. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:51 Dec 12, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11DE7.016 H11DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9296 December 11, 2015 
Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time 
for debate has expired. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 560, 
the previous question is ordered. 
The question is on the motion to con-
cur by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. R
OGERS ). 
The motion to concur was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
b1230 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 of rule XX and the order of the House of today, proceedings will resume on questions previously post-poned. 
Votes will be taken in the following 
order: 
The motion to recommit the con-
ference report on H.R. 644; 
Adoption of the conference report on 
H.R. 644, if ordered; 
And agreeing to the Speaker’s ap-
proval of the Journal, if ordered. 
The first electronic vote will be con-
ducted as a 15-minute vote. Remaining electronic votes will be conducted as 5- minute votes. 
f 
CONFERENCE REPORT ON H.R. 644, 
TRADE FACILITATION AND TRADE ENFORCEMENT ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the question on agreeing to the motion to recommit the conference report on the bill (H.R. 644) to reauthorize trade facilitation and trade enforcement functions and activities, and for other purposes, of-fered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. D
OGGETT ), on which the yeas and 
nays were ordered. 
The Clerk will redesignate the mo-
tion. 
The Clerk redesignated the motion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion to recommit. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 172, nays 239, not voting 22, as follows: 
[Roll No. 692] 
YEAS—172 
Adams 
Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Bishop (GA) Bonamici Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) 
Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney 
DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge 
Gabbard Garamendi Graham Grayson 
Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kilmer Kirkpatrick Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey 
Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) 
Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NAYS—239 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold 
Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) 
Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meehan Meeks Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) 
Poliquin Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce 
Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao 
Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—22 
Aguilar Bishop (UT) Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
DeFazio Fincher Gallego Green, Gene Guinta 
Harper Jenkins (KS) Johnson, Sam Kildee Kuster Meadows Nolan Pompeo 
Sanchez, Loretta Schrader Schweikert Sessions Stivers Westmoreland 
b1257 
Messrs. FLEISCHMANN, MILLER of 
Florida, AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia, GRIFFITH, M
CHENRY, and MEEKS 
changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Ms. M
CCOLLUM, Mr. NADLER, Mrs. 
KIRKPATRICK, Messrs. SMITH of Washington and PETERS changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the motion to recommit was re-
jected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the conference report. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I demand a 
recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 256, noes 158, not voting 19, as follows: 
[Roll No. 693] 
AYES—256 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine 
Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa 
Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Farr Fitzpatrick 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:35 Dec 12, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11DE7.043 H11DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9297 December 11, 2015 
Fleischmann 
Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry 
Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Hinojosa Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance 
Larsen (WA) Latta Lipinski LoBiondo 
Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meehan Meeks Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) 
Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford 
Scalise Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—158 
Adams 
Amash Bass Beatty Becerra Bishop (GA) Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Conyers Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene 
DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries 
Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kilmer Kirkpatrick Langevin Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) 
Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger 
Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) 
Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—19 
Aguilar 
Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
DeFazio Fincher Green, Gene Harper Jenkins (KS) 
Johnson, Sam Kildee Kuster Meadows Nolan Pompeo Sanchez, Loretta 
Schrader Schweikert Sessions Stivers Westmoreland 
b1304 
So the conference report was agreed 
to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated for: Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 
on rollcall No. 693 I was unable to vote due to the death of my wife Shirley. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 
687 on the motion to suspend the Rules and Pass, as Amended, the DHS Science and Technology Reform and Improvement Act of 2015, I am not recorded. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
On rollcall No. 688 on the motion to Table 
Appeal of the Ruling of the Chair, I am not re-corded. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
On rollcall No. 689 on the motion to sus-
pend the Rules and Pass, as Amended, First Responder Identification of Emergency Needs in Disaster Situations Act, I am not recorded. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
On rollcall No. 690 on ordering the previous 
question on the rule providing for consider-ation of both the Conference Report to Ac-company H.R. 644—Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015 and the Sen-ate amendments to H.R. 2250—Further Con-tinuing Appropriations Act, 2016, I am not re-corded. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
On rollcall No. 691 on the rule providing for 
consideration of both the Conference Report to Accompany H.R. 644—Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015 and the Senate amendments to H.R. 2250—Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2016, I am not recorded. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
On rollcall No. 692 on the Motion to Recom-
mit with instructions, I am not recorded. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ 
On rollcall No. 693 on the Adoption of the 
Conference Report to Accompany H.R. 644— 
Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015, I am not recorded. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. D EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I was absent on 
December 11, 2015 due to recovery from eye surgery and missed the following votes. Had I 
been present I would have voted: 
On vote 690, On Ordering the Previous 
Question for consideration of the conference report to accompany H.R. 644, the Trade Fa-cilitation and Trade Enforcement Act, and for consideration of the Senate amendments to H.R. 2250, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
On vote 691, On Agreeing to the Resolution 
providing for the consideration of the con-ference report to accompany H.R. 644 and for consideration of the Senate amendments to H.R. 2250, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
On vote 692, On the Motion to Recommit 
Conference Report with Instructions of H.R. 644, the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforce-ment Act of 2015, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
On vote 693, On Agreeing to the Con-
ference Report to H.R. 644, the Trade Facilita-tion and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 
I was unable to vote on Friday, December 11, 2015 on the five-day Continuing Resolution and the Conference Report for the Customs bill due to a family engagement in my district in Houston. 
If I had been able to vote that day, I would 
have voted as follows: on the Motion on Or-dering the Previous Question on the Rule pro-viding for consideration of the Senate Amend-ments to H.R. 2250, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
On H. Res. 560, the rule providing for con-
sideration of the Senate Amendments to H.R. 2250 and Conference Report to H.R. 644, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
On the Democratic Motion to Recommit the 
Conference Report to H.R. 644, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
On Agreeing to the Conference Report to 
accompany H.R. 644—Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015 (H. Rept. 114–376), I would have vote ‘‘no.’’ 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
HULTGREN ). The unfinished business is 
the question on agreeing to the Speak-er’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. 
The question is on the Speaker’s ap-
proval of the Journal. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER 
AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 1301 
Mr. ZINKE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-
mous consent that my name be re-moved as a cosponsor of H.R. 1301. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Montana? 
There was no objection. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE HON-
ORABLE JACKIE SPEIER, MEM-BER OF CONGRESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Honorable J
ACKIE  
SPEIER , Member of Congress: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:51 Dec 12, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11DE7.026 H11DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9298 December 11, 2015 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
Washington, DC, December 11, 2015. 
Hon. P AULD. R YAN, 
Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EARMR. SPEAKER : This is to notify you, 
pursuant to Rule VIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, that I have re-ceived a subpoena issued in connection with court-martial proceedings. 
After consultation with the Office of Gen-
eral Counsel regarding the subpoena, I will make the determinations required under Rule VIII. 
Sincerely, 
J
ACKIE SPEIER , 
Member of Congress. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE PROGRAM 
(Mr. HOYER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield to 
the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for the purpose of inquiring 
of the majority leader the schedule for the week to come. 
Mr. M
CCARTHY. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, before we get started, I 
would like to discuss a matter of deep importance to the gentleman and my-self, of a dear friend, John Stipicevic. He is a trusted aide for many years on this floor, and he will be departing us. He wants to spend more time with his wife, Kristin, and their new baby, Lucy Grace. I would like to thank him for his service to this country and his serv-ice to this conference. I know he is a good friend, also, to the gentleman across the aisle. 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, as we all 
know, the public’s perception—because that is what is covered most—is the confrontation that occurs between the parties, the differences that we have. But one thing that is a reality that the public ought to feel good about is they have extraordinarily good staffers, staffers who are committed to their country, to the House, and to the American people, who do wonderful work. 
Stip is a wonderful, wonderful posi-
tive participant, who made this House a better place in which to work, who made the substance of what we did more understandable for Members. He facilitated cooperation. He did not cre-ate confrontation. And we will miss it. 
We wish him the best, of course, as 
he leaves the House of Representatives, like so many of our staffers do, who go on to do better than most of us are doing, at least from a certain perspec-tive. I want to wish him the very, very best. I want to thank him on behalf of not only myself, because he is a good friend, but also on behalf of my staff with whom he has worked very closely over the years. I know all of them ap-preciated the relationship they had, and have, with him. So I want to con-gratulate him and wish him good luck and great success. 
I yield, again, to my friend, the ma-
jority leader. Mr. M
CCARTHY. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding and for his kind words about Stip. 
Let me get to the schedule. (Mr. M
CCARTHY asked and was 
given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, no 
votes are expected in the House on Monday. 
On Tuesday, the House will meet at 
noon for morning hour and 2 p.m. for legislative business. Members are ad-vised that first votes of the week are expected at 6:30 p.m. 
On Wednesday, Thursday, and the re-
mainder of the week, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legislative business. 
Mr. Speaker, the House will consider 
a number of suspensions next week, a complete list of which will be an-nounced by close of business today. 
Mr. Speaker, the House may also 
consider a bill to extend certain provi-sions of the Tax Code. 
Additionally, I expect the House to 
consider an omnibus appropriations bill. 
Mr. HOYER. Just to repeat—of 
course, the majority leader announced it yesterday, and again today—we will not be having votes on Monday. 
Has the gentleman decided whether 
there will be a pro forma session yet on Monday? 
I yield to my friend. Mr. M
CCARTHY. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding. 
We are still looking at that, and I 
will let the gentleman know as soon as possible. 
b1315 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the leader for 
that information. 
In any event, Mr. Speaker, the Mem-
bers, as the majority leader has indi-cated, will not be having votes until, at the earliest, 6:30 on Tuesday. 
I believe that the balance of the 
week—or such time as may be nec-essary in order to complete the work of this session of the Congress—will dic-tate the length of time that we go on the schedule. Is that accurate? 
I yield to the gentleman. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Yes. It is my inten-
tion that we will stay until we get our work done, but when we get our work done, we will depart for the holiday season. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman. To further clarify, I know there has 
been some talk about a CR that may be sufficient to get us into next year. As I understand what the majority leader is saying, it is our intention not to do that, but to, in fact, complete the ap-propriations process and the funding of government for the balance of the year until September 30 of next year. Is that accurate, sir? 
I yield to the gentleman. Mr. M
CCARTHY. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding again. 
Yes. As the gentleman knows, we just 
passed a CR moving into next Wednes-day. It is our intention to have our work done and to not need to pass any 
further CRs. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman 
for that information. 
I would say to him that—and I think 
he knows and I know—although I don’t think either of us is directly involved in the hour-to-hour negotiations that are going on—but, nevertheless, nego-tiations still go on, Mr. Speaker—I am hopeful that, on both sides, we can see that which is unacceptable to the other side and put that aside for a later day. 
The appropriations process, of 
course, is about funding government. The appropriations process is about keeping government open. The appro-priations process is about how do we best serve the American people. 
I am hopeful that that will not get 
mired down or prevent our success in coming to an agreement on the omni-bus because of issues on which, clearly, there are significant policy differences and which can be argued on another day and in another bill, but will not undermine the completion of the ap-propriations process. 
I presume the majority leader hopes 
that as well. Hopefully, over the next few hours and, really, over the next couple of days, we will work on that because, if we don’t, we are going to be here on the 17th, the 18th, the 19th, or the 20th, according to what the major-ity leader said, in order to get our work done. 
Is that accurate, Mr. Leader? I yield to the gentleman. Mr. M
CCARTHY. I thank the gen-
tleman for yielding again. 
It is our intention to get an omnibus 
done in a bipartisan manner. Those are the negotiations that are going on now. I’m hopeful that we can get that done and finished by next week. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman 
for that comment. 
The only thing I would add, Mr. 
Speaker, is there is also a tax extender bill that is being discussed. The tax ex-tenders are some of the items that Members on both sides of the aisle be-lieve are appropriate and necessary to help grow our economy and create jobs, which has support on both sides of the aisle. 
But it is clear that the extender bill, 
as I understand it, is a bill that can be very, very large—as large as $800 bil-lion in unpaid tax cuts—which, from our perspective on our side in the House of Representatives, will substan-tially exacerbate our deficit, and that will undermine the viability of getting tax reform done in the next session or in the years to come. 
We think, therefore, that it would be 
far preferable to have pending getting tax reform done—hopefully, next year if we can do so in a bipartisan fashion— and to have a shorter term. The Senate passed a 2-year bill, which is really a 1- year lookback to 2015 and a year for-ward to 2016. We need to certainly do that. I think we could get a bipartisan vote for that. I don’t know where the negotiations are on that bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Dec 12, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11DE7.022 H11DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9299 December 11, 2015 
I would like to inform the majority 
leader, as he probably knows privately, that we have great concerns on this side of the aisle about a bill of the magnitude that is being discussed and the impact it will have on our deficit, on discretionary spending, and on our opportunity to pass major needed—and a bipartisan expectation of doing—tax reform so our tax system is simpler, fairer, is producing the revenue that we need, but it is also making sure the American people understand and can be provided a much simpler system for them to have to respond to. 
If the majority leader wants to make 
any remarks on that, I yield to the gentleman. Otherwise, Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT FROM FRIDAY, DE-
CEMBER 11, 2015, TO TUESDAY, DECEMBER 15, 2015 
Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that, when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet on Tuesday, December 15, 2015, when it shall convene at noon for morning-hour debate and 2 p.m. for leg-islative business. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania). Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? 
There was no objection. 
f 
ADMINISTRATION’S ATTACK ON 
GUN RIGHTS 
(Mr. RATCLIFFE asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, the 
horrific attacks in San Bernardino un-derscore the pressing need to defeat ISIS and radical Islamic extremism. But instead of trying to fix his failed policies, which contributed to the very rise of ISIS in the first place, the Presi-dent is instead attempting to divert and distract the American people by leveraging this tragedy to announce his plans to issue an executive order on gun control. 
Just yesterday the White House 
called the San Bernardino attack an incident of gun violence. Mr. Speaker, it was terrorism, and I refuse to let this President use acts of terrorism as a means to try another end run around this Congress. 
Earlier this year I stood up against 
the administration’s attempted ammu-nition ban and I was successful in get-ting that unconstitutional policy re-scinded. 
So today I am again standing up 
against this latest attack on our con-stitutional gun rights in this country because, if this administration refuses to take terrorism seriously, then the American people will need their Second Amendment rights more than ever be-fore. CLIMATE DAMAGE WIPES OUT 
LIVELIHOODS 
(Ms. SPEIER asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, while 
many around the world are watching the climate talks in Paris, some of my constituents along the San Francisco Peninsula are watching the Pacific Ocean. That is because an unusually warm climate and water has led to a record toxic algae bloom that contami-nates the crabs. Our critical Dungeness crab fishery is closed, and our fisher-men are suffering. 
One Half Moon Bay fisherman said: 
‘‘If you had asked me 6 months ago about crab, I would’ve told you we’re going to feed our families, we’re going to send our kids to college. And I’m not talking just the junior college. If they want to go to Princeton, crab can make this happen with my work ethic. This situation is a new one. This was like getting the legs pulled out from under you.’’ 
So if my Republican colleagues are 
wondering if climate damage is real or if it is affecting real people, I encour-age them to see the docked fishing boats and the landlocked crab pots in my district. Climate damage is wiping out people’s livelihoods. We cannot let this become the new normal. 
f 
CBO REPORT ON WORK REDUCTION 
FROM AFFORDABLE CARE ACT 
(Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise to detail a report from the Congressional Budget Office that was released this month, which says the Affordable Care Act will lead to a reduction in work hours equiva-lent to 2 million jobs over the next dec-ade. 
The key reason for the work reduc-
tion, according to the CBO, is healthcare subsidies which are tied to income, which will raise effective tax rates for Americans and will create a disincentive for people who are seeking promotions or new, higher paying jobs. 
The report also points to tax in-
creases and penalties as a reason for the work reduction, including the em-ployer mandate, which imposes pen-alties on those companies with more than 50 employees that do not provide insurance. 
The House and the Senate recently 
passed legislation that would repeal key parts of the Affordable Care Act, including the employer mandate. Un-fortunately, President Obama has pledged to veto it. 
We can’t allow these job losses to be-
come a reality. This is why I will con-tinue to work with my colleagues to make commonsense changes that will improve our Nation’s healthcare sys-tem and will revitalize economic 
growth and jobs. 
f 
MAJOR CAMERON GALLAGHER 
(Mr. SCHIFF asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
pay tribute to the service of Major Cameron Gallagher. 
I first met Cameron in 2013, when he 
was serving as a military fellow in my office, advising me on a range of de-fense and foreign policy issues. For the past 2 years, Cameron has worked in the Army’s Office of the Chief Legisla-tive Liaison, where he has continued to be a trusted adviser to me and to other Members of the House. Cameron’s serv-ice will now take him and his family to Fort Carson, Colorado, where he will serve as a battalion executive officer in the 4th Combat Aviation Brigade. 
Cameron truly represents the very 
best our Armed Forces and our Nation have to offer. Intelligent and dedi-cated, Cameron is such an optimist that he sent me trash talk emails for days in the lead-up to last year’s Stan-ford-Army football game. Stanford won 35–0, but that is not really the point. 
Cameron, we will miss having you 
here in Congress. We wish you, C.C., and Henry all the best in your new as-signment. And don’t forget the Schiff Hotel California policy. You can check out anytime you like, but you can never leave. 
f 
MINING SCHOOLS ENHANCEMENT 
ACT 
(Mr. HARDY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, we need 
more mining engineers. Approximately 70 percent of the mining industry’s technical leaders will reach retirement age over the next 10 to 15 years. 
In our mining engineering programs, 
almost all current faculty members will need to be replaced by the coming decade. 
At our Federal agencies, there is al-
ready a dangerous lack of employees with the necessary technical expertise to carry out their essential duties, such as permitting and inspections. 
Mr. Speaker, this is irresponsible, 
and it can have catastrophic con-sequences like we saw with the Gold King Mine disaster. 
In order to sustain our Nation’s min-
ing schools, we need to ensure that vital Federal funding is made available for faculty to conduct more research and to better educate the next genera-tion of mineral scientists and engi-neers. 
It can be done by using the existing 
funding streams under SMCRA. My bill, H.R. 3734, the Mining Schools En-hancement Act, will accomplish this goal. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:51 Dec 12, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11DE7.051 H11DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9300 December 11, 2015 
AMERICA’S VICTIMS OF GUN 
VIOLENCE 
(Mr. PETERS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, Man-
chester, Illinois, April 24, 2013: Brittney Lynn Luark, 23 years old; Nolan James Ralston, 5 years old; Brantley Jack Ralston, 1 year old. 
Fort Hood, Texas, April 2, 2014: Ser-
geant First Class Daniel M. Ferguson, 39 years old; Staff Sergeant Timothy Owens, 38 years old; Sergeant Carlos A. Lazaney-Rodriguez, 37 years old. 
Columbus, Ohio, June 14, 2015: Mi-
chael Ballour, 41 years old; Daniel Sharp, 36 years old; Angela Harrison, 35 years old; Tyajah Nelson, 18 years old. 
Hialeah, Florida, July 26, 2013: Italo 
Pisciotti, 79 years old; Samira Pisciotti, 69 years old; Patricio Simono, 64 years old; Merly Niebles, 51 years old; Carlos Javier Gavilanes, 33 years old; Priscilla Perez, 17 years old. 
Mohawk Valley, New York, March 13, 
2013: Harry Montgomery, 68 years old; Thomas Stefka, 62 years old. 
f 
b1330 
TRENTON TIGERS 
(Mr. YOHO asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to congratulate the Trenton Tigers on winning Florida’s 1A State football championship. This talented group of young men ended the season a perfect 14–0 and broke the State record for ‘‘running clocks’’ on all 10 regular-sea-son opponents. This is a feat that has never been done before. Trenton sound-ly defeated Port St. Joe 56–21. This gives the Tigers their second cham-pionship in just 3 years. 
An impressive achievement like this 
cannot be accomplished without hard work and dedication: the hard work of a two-a-day practice schedule, the hard work of each individual team member playing as one for a common goal, and the hard work of a talented coaching staff to guide the team to victory. 
I also want to congratulate Coach 
Andrew Thomas and his staff for doing an exceptional job coaching these young men. Coach Thomas’ leadership has not gone unnoticed. He has re-cently been named the Class 1A Coach of the Year by the Florida Dairy Farm-ers. 
Coach Thomas, thanks for carrying 
on your great winning tradition and continuing to make the town of Tren-ton, Florida, and Gilchrist County proud of our young athletes. 
f 
TERRORISTS AND GUN LAWS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
CARTER of Georgia). Under the Speak-
er’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) is recognized for 60 minutes 
as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, we 
have heard a great deal this week about what is proposed as a common-sense fix to our Second Amendment, and that is, okay, surely you can agree that anyone on the no-fly list should not be able to walk in and buy a gun. 
We have had friends across the aisle 
that pointed out, like the Times Square bomber, he could have gone in and bought a gun. I am told now that that is not actually the case, that he specifically could not have. The guy made a bomb. He was going to blow up New York Times Square. He didn’t need a gun. He was going to blow peo-ple up. 
A lot of us, when we first hear, ‘‘well, 
shouldn’t that be a no-brainer?’’ if you are on the no-fly list, you shouldn’t be able to buy a gun. Then when you find out that the no-fly list is composed of names—and we can’t even get a num-ber, even a ballpark number. Is it 47,000? Is it 470,000? Is it 700,000? Is it over a million? When you find out you can’t actually find any specific criteria for getting on the no-fly list, then you realize the no-fly list is basically any-body this administration says needs to be harassed or looked at further. 
As I was leaving London a year ago 
after speaking to some groups in Lon-don, a man that was head of that little area of whatever their TSA is there in the London airport came up and said: Congressman, I know who you are and I am really, really sorry, but appar-ently your Department of Homeland Security indicates you need to be thor-oughly searched personally and your bags. Really sorry. 
Anyway, for those people that say no 
administration would ever be into po-litical revenge, you can look at some of the groups that the IRS went after. In fact, a huge majority of rank-and-file Federal workers in Homeland Security and in the IRS, they would never dream of doing the kind of things that Lois Lerner and her hacks did. They used the power of government to go after political enemies. 
Nobody will ever be able to say spe-
cifically how much it helped President Obama in 2012 to prevent conservative groups from getting their tax status cleared through the IRS. They did pre-vent a lot of groups from being able to form. If you don’t have the clearance from the IRS, then you can’t bring con-tributions in together to organize and do like many of the unions do that get Federal money. These groups were not going to get Federal money. They were going to get contributions. 
The more we see the abuses within 
this administration, the clearer it is. Whether it was a Democrat or Repub-lican administration, the last thing you would ever want to do is tell a President and administration that you just list anybody on a list; there is no requirement as to the specifics as why. You just put anybody on a list that you have concerns about, and they will never be able to buy a gun. You could keep them from flying if you want to. You just list them on the list. You 
don’t have to tell Congress. You don’t have to tell anybody else. Just put peo-ple you are not happy with on a list and say you have concerns about them, and they will never be able to buy a gun. 
Before we go ripping away people’s 
constitutional Second Amendment right or any other right, which should be a right to get on a plane and fly un-less you are a threat, we do not need to have an obscure process where nobody can identify the specifics that gets you on the no-fly list or, in this case, as people are proposing, the no-gun list. Just let an administration list them. We have got to do a lot more soul- searching in America. 
As we have seen, there are so many 
groups and individuals that were listed as unindicted, but coconspirators in the biggest terror financing trial in American history, the Holy Land Foundation trial. We found out that a group that called itself charitable and got clearance from the IRS and they don’t really say where their money comes from, when the FBI drilled down and found out, saw where it was going, they were able to prove beyond a rea-sonable doubt that the five principals in the Holy Land Foundation trial were guilty of financing terrorism. There were many people, many groups listed as coconspirators. 
Some, like this Islamic Society of 
North America of which Imam Magid is past president, ISNA was trying—one of those groups, CAIR, they wanted their names off the unindicted list. If there were no evidence of any ties to the Holy Land Foundation’s terrorist funding, then they should have gotten a judge. The judge would have signed the order. 
Both the district judge and the Fifth 
Circuit Federal Court of Appeals looked at the evidence and said there is plenty of evidence here to show that these groups, like the Islamic Society of North America, principals in these groups, they are affiliated with—there is evidence to show they are co-conspirators with these terrorist fi-nancing people. So they would not allow their names to be removed from the pleadings. They remained in the pleadings. 
Unfortunately, for those of us who 
want justice in America, for those who would destroy our government, Eric Holder became Attorney General im-mediately after the conviction by the Bush administration in very late 2008. Under his guidance, they never pursued those people that the Federal district court and the Court of Appeals said there is plenty of evidence to support that these people are part of the terror financing network. They never pursued them. 
In fact, Imam Magid out at the All 
Dulles Area Muslim Society—ADAMS, they called themselves. The Secretary of Homeland Security was just out there last week and applauding their efforts and thanking Imam Magid as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:51 Dec 12, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11DE7.053 H11DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9301 December 11, 2015 
the White House has thanked Imam 
Magid. He has helped the President, we know, with at least one speech. That was the one the President delivered while Netanyahu was on the way over here and wrongly said that everybody involved, including Israel, had agreed to the pre-’67 borders. 
Since that was so factually wrong 
when the President stated it publicly, you can’t help but feel like, since Imam Magid advised him on the 
speech, was there in the inner sanctum of the State Department, in that ex-tremely secure setting when the Presi-dent delivered his speech—he was even asked for an interview about the speech immediately afterwards—you know that there were people with ties to people this administration shouldn’t use as their advisers that this adminis-tration is using as advisers. 
Anyway, there is a reason that Amer-
ica has become extremely skeptical about what they are told. When this administration and my friends across the aisle start saying, ‘‘Hey, we can trust this administration. Just let them list anybody they want to as they currently can on the no-fly list and they will never be able to buy a gun and that will stop terrorism,’’ well, it wouldn’t have stopped the pipe bombs that Farook and his fiancee—wife, whatever she was, terrorist, female companion—had built and put to-gether. 
Also, the President keeps pushing for 
better background checks. There was a great article from Dr. John R. Lott, Jr., December 3. Dr. Lott has had posi-tions with the University of Chicago, Yale University, Stanford, UCLA, Wharton, and Rice. He was the chief economist at the United States Sen-tencing Commission during ’88 and ’89. This guy is an expert when it comes to guns and gun laws. 
Dr. Lott had an article that made 
clear—it is dated December 3; there is a national review online—that there is nothing at all that President Obama or Loretta Lynch had proposed that would have stopped the 14 people being killed and 21 injured out in San Bernardino. In fact, there is nothing that this President proposed in the light of violence in Colorado that would have changed the shooting in Colorado. 
In fact, if you go back to the prior 
shooting in Colorado, we know that the gunman went by at least a couple of theaters that were closer to him be-cause those were not gun-free zones and there were likely people in the the-ater who had guns who would have stopped the shooter before he killed and shot as many people as he did. 
When it comes to Oregon, they have 
very strict gun control laws. There is nothing the President or the Justice Department proposed that would have prevented the shooting at the commu-nity college in Oregon. Those are places where the gun laws are already as strict or stricter than what the President is asking be applied every-where else. So it just seems disingenuous for 
anyone to say we need gun control laws like in California so that we can stop the violence when it didn’t stop the very violence they are using as an ex-cuse to take away people’s Second Amendment rights. I would commend that great article by John Lott. 
When it comes to the Syrian refu-
gees, most people in America have fig-ured out this has to be stopped because we don’t know who is coming in. I have mentioned it here on the floor before, Mr. Speaker, last week and previously, that we had information—I had infor-mation that ISIS had probably taken over areas where there were printing facilities so they could probably print passports that we would not be able to know were they legitimate or not. 
b1345 
As this administration keeps saying, 
we need to bomb Assad out of exist-ence, or at least try to take him out. Well, Assad is not very favorable to-ward giving this administration all of his criminal records and passport records about the people of Syria. We have no idea who these people are. God bless the Director of the FBI, Comey. He comes in more than once and says: Yes, we will vet them, but you have to understand, even though we will do the best vetting we possibly can, we have nothing to go on. 
With Iraqis, as he explained, we had 
fingerprints. We had fingerprints from IEDs. We had all kinds of information. We had the official records of the Iraqi Government that could help tell us whether somebody coming from Iraq was the person they said they were, or whether they were not. Were they a threat? Were they a danger? 
Even with all of that, we find out a 
couple of guys get to Kentucky and have been there a couple of years. One of them was certainly a terrorist whose fingerprints were on an IED that had been exploded in Iraq, and they didn’t catch his fingerprints, even though they had them. If you can’t catch a ter-rorist that you let into Kentucky, and you had his fingerprints and compared them, and it didn’t show up initially, then how much worse will it be? How many more terrorists will you let into America from within the Syrian refu-gees? 
Then it has also been disclosed this 
week what many of us in America knew already. It was only common sense that people who have sworn they want to destroy our country, kill as many Americans and Jews and Israelis as possible, that they would use this refugee crisis not to get into Israel— because they are very protective, thank God—but to get into Western Europe and to get into the United States. Now we know those are the facts. 
Most Americans that I have talked 
to—I think in my telephone townhall, there was about 90 percent of the peo-ple in east Texas, of the thousands on the call, they indicated about 90 per-cent were concerned that we couldn’t 
properly vet the Syrian refugees good enough, and that we needed to pause and hold up and wait until we had more information. That is just common sense. 
Then we also, there was an article 
from Mark Krikorian November 16. He pointed out, and I will quote from his article: 
‘‘The 5-year cost to American tax-
payers of resettling a single Middle Eastern refugee in the United States is 
conservatively estimated to be more than $64,000 compared with U.N. figures that indicate it costs about $5,300 to provide for that same refugee for 5 years’’ if he or she is in their native re-gion. 
So for every person we arrogantly 
think, gee, we should bring that person into America, as Mark Krikorian points out, actually that is a bit im-moral, because if we weren’t so arro-gant to think we need to get them into America, we could save 12 of them in their native region. 
They say, 3 to 4 million people com-
ing out of Syria, out of that area, gee, they need to come to the United States, and yet Saudi Arabia has ac-commodations for 3 million. So many people have seen a photograph of the massive tent area there for 5 days out of 365. That is during the Hajj, the pil-grimage to Mecca, kitchen facilities, bathroom facilities. It just seems like if they would help take care of the 3 million, make those available, we could work something out to take care of the people that come in for 5 days in the Hajj, that that would be a better solution than this administration forc-ing Syrian refugees that could not be properly vetted into this country. 
Then I was told last night that actu-
ally the female terrorist in San Bernardino was using a name that cer-tainly would not have been given to her at birth, and that if we had people that were allowed to study radical Islam, the tenets of its belief, as this one person said, she had a name that is actually a guy’s name, and for anyone who has spent their adult life studying radical Islam, like this administration for 7 years, has not allowed the FBI, the intelligence agency, State Depart-ment, Justice Department. They purged their records of anything that offended terror and unindicted cocon-spirator to finance terrorism. So when this unindicted co-conspirator CAIR complained about anything, it was purged from this administration’s training records. 
As this individual, this friend pointed 
out, when you spend so many of your years of your adulthood studying this, for her to have proper screening by somebody that had studied radical Islam, you would ask the question: When did you get this name? This clearly was not given to you at birth. He said it would be like an American going into Europe and someone there saying: Now, come on, your name is not George Washington. It wasn’t given to you at birth. Where did you get it? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:51 Dec 12, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11DE7.055 H11DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9302 December 11, 2015 
When you start inquiring, then you 
find out the madrassas she had been to, the places she had been to, but you have to get to secondary screening, fur-ther questioning, which there should be red flags all over somebody’s record like that. We have the information available that this administration didn’t prevent it from being used to properly screen radical Islamists. But before you can properly screen radical Islamists, you have to admit that there is a thing called radical Islam. 
Carolyn Glick writes for the Jeru-
salem Post. She is a brilliant lady. She pointed out one of the problems with my friend, President George W. Bush’s position that we are not at war with Islam, and then this administration’s taking that and running with it to ex-tremes, they fail to acknowledge that there is pluralism within Islam. Saying that ‘‘If it is bad, it could not possibly be part of Islam,’’ is ridiculous. What that does to moderate Muslims, who don’t want radical Islamists governing them and cutting their hands off, horsewhipping them, whatever, stoning them to death, they would like to live in peace without worrying about a ty-rannical, radical Islamist leader. 
We do them a disservice by not point-
ing out that radical Islam is an ele-ment of Islam, and it is a fact. There-fore, moderates are left to say nothing because if they say this is an element of Islam we have got to stand up against, then they come against the wrongheaded positions of the Obama administration. 
We actually can help moderate Mus-
lims stand up, as some are starting to do, a few have been doing for a long time, stand up against radical Islam, and say—God blessing President al-Sisi in Egypt, as he stood and talked to a group of imams, said we have got to get control of our religious beliefs, our Islam back from the radicals. We have got to stand up against them. We help them. The al-Sisi regime administra-tion over in Egypt, I have talked to some of them. I don’t know if I am still the only Member of Congress that has met with their director of intelligence. We had a very informative meeting for a couple of hours. 
They don’t understand why this ad-
ministration appears to be helping rad-ical Islam and standing against the moderates, like President al-Sisi, like the 30 million of the 90 million Egyp-tian people that went to the street a couple years ago. Wow, that was such a huge deal. 
There has never been a group that 
big, in the history of the world, go to the streets of their country and de-mand a peaceful regime change. But because the constitution that we helped Egypt with when Morsi was elected did not contain an impeach-ment provision, they had no other way to go. There was no other way to peaceably remove a president who was violating their own constitution over and over than to go to the streets, as they did. The Coptic Christian Pope there in 
Cairo has told me more than once how deeply moving it was to see moderate Muslims, Christians, Jews, secularists go to the street as a part of that 30 mil-lion, and so many coming up to the Pope and saying: We are so sorry for the way you have been treated. 
Has this administration given any 
accolades whatsoever to the Egyptian people for passing a constitution with over 90 percent vote that in that con-stitution, a majority of the ones ap-proving were Muslim, it says in the constitution that when the Muslim Brotherhood, radical Islam, they put Muslim Brotherhood on their terrorist watch list. This administration gets their advice. That administration in Egypt puts them on the terrorist watch list. 
They say when the Muslim Brother-
hood or any other like-minded radical Islamist group burns down a church, we will rebuild it with government funds. It is incredible. The people of Egypt deserve at least an ‘‘atta boy.’’ 
What was this administration’s re-
sponse? We are going to hold up send-ing you any helicopters. We sent jets and helicopters and tanks to the Mus-lim Brotherhood when they were in control under Morsi, but now that the Muslim Brotherhood, this terrorist or-ganization is not in control, we are not going to send you things. 
As President al-Sisi once asked me, 
does your President not understand? We use the Apache helicopters to keep the Suez Canal open. So it was quite a slap in the face to our friends in Egypt that are against radical Islam, our Muslim friends there, when this Presi-dent didn’t go, as I think 47 other lead-ers or so went. He didn’t send the Vice President, didn’t send the Ambassador, didn’t send anybody from Washington 
to say: Congratulations, Egypt. 
Since moderate Muslims have been in 
control in Egypt, they have done some-thing earthshaking: They dug another lane, a second lane to the Suez Canal. Countries all over the world went, wow, Egypt, that is enormous. 
It was embarrassing to me last year 
in Egypt as people were asking: Was your country really excited when we got this second lane dug to the Suez Canal? The mainstream media hardly reported anything about it. It was a big deal. It was a free people standing up and doing something monumental. Since it wasn’t done by radical Islamists, this administration chose not to give it any credibility. 
Then we get the report now. Just 
hours ago, there was an article from Victoria Taft: 
‘‘After the latest Paris terror attack, 
French President Hollande swore he’d go after radical Muslims who pulled off the mass slayings. 
‘‘Now we’re learning what he meant 
by that. 
‘‘As HotAir reports: ‘The French have kicked in the doors 
on 2,235 homes and taken 232 people into custody or placed them on house arrest.’ In the sleepy French town of Lagny- 
sur-Marne just 18 miles from Paris . . . French police went to the local mosque where they found: 
The Salafist mosque . . . about 30 
kilometers east of the French capital was closed down by police on the 2nd of December. In subsequent raids, the pre-fect for the Seine-and-Marne depart-ment said ‘7.62 millimeter ammunition for a Kalashnikov rifle and propaganda videos’ had been seized, AFP reported. The locations of the raids were not given. 
Both ISIS and al Qaeda adhere to the 
radical Sunni Salafist Muslim teach-ings. Radicals used some mosques and other home-based un-permitted mosques to stockpile weapons.’’ 
b1400 
It was reported that, just in the last 
15 days, the French have uncovered about a third of the illegal weapons they normally recover in an entire year just from these mosque areas and the homes that they have raided. 
Now, I have serious concerns when I 
see homes being raided in these num-bers. The French do not have our pro-tections under our Bill of Rights. They don’t have nearly the protections we do. I don’t want this many homes bust-ed into. I don’t want mosques raided unless there is probable cause to be-lieve there is a problem or that they have committed a crime. You get war-rants for those things. The same with the home, the same with somebody’s Internet, and the same with their bank records. 
Yet this administration is using the 
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to do what nobody in American his-tory—any administration—has done before, and that is to get people’s bank records, whether or not you want them to or not. They claim: We want to be able to watch so if somebody gets messed around by a bank, we can go after them. 
Well, when I was a judge, if you 
wanted to get bank records, you had to have probable cause that a crime was committed and probable cause that the person whose records you wanted had committed it; otherwise, I didn’t sign a warrant because the Constitution didn’t allow it. If I did sign a warrant, it had to be specific to place and time and what was being seized. 
But this administration gets your 
bank records—all they want—through the Consumer Financial Protection Bu-reau. They get all your medical records through ObamaCare requirements. They get all kinds of information about individuals. They get your phone logs, as they have been doing. Now, there is some question whether they still are or not. 
I have this article from Michele 
McPhee and Brian Ross. ABC News re-ports: ‘‘ISIS May Have Passport Print-ing Machine, Blank Passports.’’ I am glad they finally caught up with the news on that. 
I want to revisit an issue. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:51 Dec 12, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11DE7.057 H11DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9303 December 11, 2015 
Senator G RASSLEY sent a letter to 
Secretary Jeh Johnson, February 3, 2014, so it will be going on 2 years in February. He included an email. Sen-ator G
RASSLEY included a redacted 
copy of the email exchange. I have seen the unredacted email exchange. And even from the redacted email ex-change, it is indicated that Secretary Napolitano had a hands-off list. 
Apparently, when there were indica-
tions Muslim leaders should be second-arily screened, pulled aside from their first stop, asked further questions, the indication is this guy is in a group, they say: Well, he is on the Secretary’s hands-off list. 
Well, not only can we not get spe-
cifics of exactly why somebody is on the no-fly list or the terrorist watch list—just that this administration has a bad feeling about them—we can’t find out just how you get on the hands-off list. That is another matter that re-quires some looking into. 
Then we find out this week that an 
ex-Guantanamo detainee now is an al Qaeda leader back in Yemen. And it talks about al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, or AQAP, released a new video featuring former Guantanamo de-tainee Ibrahim al Qosi, whose name is also Sheikh Khubayb al Sudani. 
In 2010, he pled guilty to charges of 
conspiracy and material support for terrorism before a military commis-sion. It ended up that this administra-tion transferred him to his home coun-try of Sudan. Now he is back where he wanted to be, helping al Qaeda. We al-ready knew he was a terrorist—he pled guilty—and this administration sent him back. 
The question still out there and re-
mains: How many Americans will be killed because this administration de-cided closing Guantanamo is more im-portant than saving American lives? They traded five murderous terrorists, coconspirators, for a guy who, all the indications are, deserted his American military post. I wonder how many American lives will be lost because of that. 
I have an article from KY3 saying 
that on Saturday, around 3:50 a.m., two men buying a large number of cell phones at Walmart in Lebanon set off a concern. ‘‘‘Somebody went in and bought 60 cell phones from Walmart. That’s not normal for this area,’ ex-plained Laclede County Sheriff Wayne Merritt. 
‘‘After talking with the men, officers 
didn’t have a legal reason to detain them so the men were allowed to leave, according to the Lebanon Police De-partment incident report.’’ That is in Missouri. ‘‘Sheriff Merritt said calling law enforcement officers was the right move.’’ 
But, unfortunately, because of the 
statement of our Attorney General in recent days in the aftermath of the San Bernardino killings, she has made clear that, in the aftermath of all of those Americans being killed, specifically targeting Christians and Jews—appar-ently, there was a Muslim shot, but the 
targets were Jews and Christians, them telling one Jewish man before he was shot: Now you will never get to see Israel—targeting the Christians spe-cifically, instead of going off on how clearly this was a hate crime, the At-torney General says her big concern is that people are not prejudiced against Muslims. 
It made it clear to people like the 
terrorists’ neighbors that, if you see radical Islamists gathering and you are suspicious of—maybe they are making pipe bombs in the garage—and you call that in, there is a good chance that At-torney General Loretta Lynch is going to come after you for being biased and bigoted. 
What a ridiculous thing to say. Basi-
cally, she is saying, if you see some-thing and say something and that something involves Muslims, then I am coming after you. What a ridiculous, terrible thing for the chief law enforce-ment officer of our country to say. 
Then, this article today from Liam 
Deacon, Breitbart News, ‘‘Homeland Security Shut Down Investigation Into Farook And Malik Linked Islamist Group To Protect ‘Civil Liberties’ of Potential Terrorists’’: 
‘‘The Department of Homeland Secu-
rity has been accused of deleting intel-ligence records relating to dangerous Islamists linked to terrorists Sayed Farook and Tashfeen Malik, because they wanted to protect the ‘civil lib-erties’ of members of the caliphate- supporting network. 
‘‘Phil Haney, a U.S. Customs and 
Border Patrol analyst’’—now retired— ‘‘says he was ordered to stop inves-tigating Deobandi Islamist groups and his work on them was erased. He even says he was subjected to discipline when he attempted to blow the whistle. 
‘‘If he’d been allowed to continue his 
investigation, he claims Malik’s visa application would have been flagged for greater scrutiny. 
‘‘He explained: ‘The administration 
was more concerned about the civil rights and liberties of foreign Islamic groups with terrorist ties than the safety and security of Americans.’ 
‘‘Analyst Phil Haney told Fox News 
that he once worked as a researcher looking into potential terrorists in the Passenger Analysis Units at the De-partment of Homeland Security in At-lanta, as well as at the U.S. Customs and Border Protection’s National Tar-geting Center. 
‘‘Mr. Haney says that he had been 
identifying and tracking members of the al-Huda and Tablighi Jamaat groups, offshoots of the radical Deobandi school of Islam, which was founded in British colonial India spe-cifically to oppose western culture. 
‘‘Tablighi Jamaat is a Deobandi re-
vivalist movement whose mandate is, according to its leading advocate Ebrahim Rangooni, to save the Muslim world ‘from the culture and civilization of the Jews and the Christians’ . . . To this end, he has suggested cultivating ‘such hatred for their ways as human 
beings have to urine and excrement.’ 
‘‘Tablighi Jamaat have been linked 
to 80 percent of all recent terrorist re-lated crimes in France. 
‘‘Mr. Haney’s work tracking the rad-
ical movement was considered so im-portant that he says he was given an agency award for identifying potential terrorists, and he was asked to become part of the National Targeting Center, which works to connect the dots and build a bigger picture of terrorist ac-tivity. 
‘‘However, after more than six 
months of tracking the Deobandis, Homeland Security unexpectedly halt-ed his investigation on the request of the State Department’s Office of Civil Rights.’’ 
Anyway, that is what happens. Phil 
Haney is one of the most patriotic, fin-est people ever known. He cares so deeply about this country. 
By the way, Mr. Speaker, his appear-
ance decries his intellect and knowl-edge about radical Islam. So, he has done no telling how many secondary screenings in his time in the Middle East, his knowledge of the language, the culture, the moderate Islamic cul-ture, the radical Islamic culture. He knows the teachings of the radicals and who they are. He has been able to get massive amounts of information that I would never have dreamed people would admit to him. 
I have been working with him for a 
number of years to try to get informa-tion to people in the administration who would protect the information, and instead, when they realized how much information he had of what oth-ers in Homeland Security had deleted, they thought was gone—Janet Napoli-tano talked about connecting the dots. She forgot to mention that they had been deleting dots like crazy. I knew that Phil’s information was so dam-aging to this administration that, if it were not handled properly, they would destroy the man. 
So what happens after he gets an 
award for identifying so much informa-tion? He used the tech system. All he did was enter data. He would look even at social media, and if he found that somebody under consideration was in a photograph with somebody we knew to be a radical Islamist, he would enter that information. There is a massive amount of information out there in so-cial media that this administration has not even availed themselves of. 
Previously, when our Embassy in 
Yemen was surrounded by Houthis, radical Islamist rebels, I got a call from a constituent whose son is over there and is isolated in a hotel and can’t get to the Embassy. In talking to a friend who had a friend, it ends up some guy is going through a training or practice session. They set aside their hypothetical practice scenario and took on the real-life scenario of getting four Americans from a hotel in the capital of Yemen to the Embassy and trying to get more in the Embassy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:51 Dec 12, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11DE7.059 H11DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9304 December 11, 2015 
out. They used social media. They were 
able to find pictures being taken by Houthi radical Islamists at different places where they obviously were. So they knew which places to avoid. 
b1415 
They were able, using people in place 
in Yemen, American assets, and using social media, were able to get those people from the hotel, get them to the Embassy and get them out, even though this administration would only pay for a commercial airline flight where they sat with some people who may have been part of the rebels that wanted to kill them. Not the best way to get people out of an Embassy, but they got out. 
I have heard again recently from my 
former constituent, and he is doing well. He is a good man. He is a patriot. He wants to help the country. 
So it should also be noted that al-
though, in our country, the Attorney General is more concerned about preju-dice against Muslims, the Euro Par-liament president—this article by Dr. Thomas D. Williams, the 3rd of Decem-ber, points out that the Euro Par-liament president says Christians are not safe on our continent. 
In a high-level meeting on religious 
persecution in Brussels, the president of the European Parliament said that Europe cannot afford to continue ig-noring the faith of Christians, who are ‘‘clearly the most persecuted group’’ in the world. 
In Wednesday’s meeting, EP Presi-
dent Martin Schulz said that the perse-cution of Christians is undervalued and does not receive enough attention, which also has meant that ‘‘it hasn’t been properly addressed.’’ 
I applaud the efforts of Glenn Beck 
trying to save Christians over in areas of radical Islam, because, as the Euro-pean Parliament President says, rad-ical Islamists’ number 1 goal is not other Muslims; it’s Christians and Jews. Yet, this administration’s big focus is helping Muslims. 
Then we find out from the U.N. that 
actually they locate their refugee cen-ters in urban areas where you rarely find many Christians. And we find out the reports, hear from people that say we are afraid to go into the U.N. ref-ugee camps, because they are virtually all Muslim, and we are targeted, and we can’t go there. We can’t allow our families to go there. 
Yet, it is the U.N. refugee camps that 
this administration brings the refu-gees, and wants to bring refugees from. 
Glenn Beck, realizing that Christian 
refugees were being under-appreciated, undervalued by the Obama administra-tion, has gone over and tried to do something about it. I applaud his ef-forts. So, Mr. Speaker, as we close out this 
week, the bill we just passed with re-gard to the Customs conference report, I just want to go back to January 29, 1961. In about over a month, it will be the 55-year anniversary of President John F. Kennedy’s speech. It was a message to commemorate Roosevelt Day for Franklin Roosevelt. 
So, in his speech, he points out that 
28 years ago, Franklin Roosevelt as-sumed the leadership of a stricken and demoralized Nation. Poverty, distress, economic stagnation, blanketed the land. 
He goes on in the speech, recognizing 
Franklin Roosevelt. And I would just like to read John F. Kennedy’s words, because they are such a contrast to the current President’s words, as he wants to take away people’s Second Amend-ment rights. 
He wants to have the ability, since he 
controls, completely controls the no- fly list, nobody in Congress gets to know who he is putting on, why they are putting on, what criteria he is using to put them on. He gets exclusive control of who he wants to put on the no-fly list, he or his assignees. Presi-dent Obama wants to restrict those rights. 
So, Mr. Speaker, I conclude today, 
and this week in the House, with the words of John F. Kennedy. President John F. Kennedy, January 29, 1961, part of his speech that day said: 
‘‘To meet these problems will require 
the efforts, not only of our leaders or of the Democratic Party, but the com-bined efforts of all of our people. No one has a right to feel that, having en-trusted the task of government to new leaders in Washington, he can continue to pursue his private comforts uncon-cerned with America’s challenges and dangers. For, if freedom is to survive and prosper, it will require the sac-rifice, the effort, and the thoughtful at-tention of every citizen. 
‘‘In my own native State of Massa-
chusetts, the battle for American free-dom was begun by the thousands of farmers and tradesmen who made up the Minute Men, citizens who were ready to defend their liberty at a mo-ment’s notice.’’ 
President Kennedy goes on with 
these words: 
‘‘Today, we need a Nation of Minute 
Men, citizens who are not only pre-pared to take up arms, but citizens who regard preservation of freedom as a basic purpose of their daily life and who are willing to consciously work and sacrifice for that freedom. The cause of liberty, the cause of America, cannot succeed with any lesser effort.’’ 
The words of John F. Kennedy, Janu-
ary 29, 1961. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. LEAVE OF ABSENCE 
By unanimous consent, leave of ab-
sence was granted to: 
Mr. W
ESTMORELAND (at the request of 
Mr. M CCARTHY ) for today on account of 
personal reasons. 
Mr. D EFAZIO (at the request of Ms. 
PELOSI ) for today on account of med-
ical leave. 
Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas (at the re-
quest of Ms. P ELOSI ) for today on ac-
count of family engagement in my dis-trict in Houston. 
f 
PUBLICATION OF BUDGETARY 
MATERIAL 
REVISIONS TO THE AGGREGATES AND ALLOCA -
TIONS OF THE FISCAL YEAR 2016 BUDGET RESO -
LUTION  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET , 
Washington, DC, December 11, 2015. 
Hon. P AULD. R YAN, 
Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : I hereby submit for 
printing in the Congressional Record revi-sions to the budget allocations and aggre-gates of the Fiscal Year 2016 Concurrent Res-olution on the Budget, S. Con. Res. 11. These revisions are designated for the conference report accompanying H.R. 22, the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act (Pub-lic Law 114–94), which passed the House on December 3, 2015, and the conference report accompanying H.R. 644, the Trade Facilita-tion and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015. Cor-responding tables are attached. 
The adjustment for H.R. 22 is made pursu-
ant to section 4509 of S. Con. Res. 11, a def-icit-neutral reserve fund for transportation. For purposes of budget enforcement, this ad-justment is consistent with section 3302 of such concurrent resolution. Section 3302 re-quires transfers from the general fund of the Treasury to the Highway Trust Fund be counted as new budget authority and outlays equal to the amount of the transfer in the fiscal year in which the transfer occurs. Pur-suant to section 3403 of S. Con. Res. 11, these revisions to the allocations and aggregates shall take effect upon the enactment of the conference report accompanying H.R. 22. 
The adjustment for H.R. 644 is made pursu-
ant to section 4506 of S. Con. Res. 11, a def-icit-neutral reserve fund for trade agree-ments. Pursuant to section 3403 of S. Con. Res. 11, these revisions to the allocations and aggregates shall apply only while the conference report accompanying H.R. 644 is under consideration or upon its enactment. 
These revisions represent an adjustment 
for purposes of budgetary enforcement. These revised allocations and aggregates are to be considered as the aggregates and allo-cations included in the budget resolution, pursuant to S. Con. Res. 11, as adjusted. 
Sincerely, 
T
OMPRICE, M.D. 
Chairman, Committee on the Budget. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:51 Dec 12, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11DE7.060 H11DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9305 December 11, 2015 
TABLE 1—REVISION TO ON-BUDGET AGGREGATES 
[On-budget amounts, in millions of dollars] 
Fiscal Year 
2016 2016–2025 
Current Aggregates: 
Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 3,040,743 1 
Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 3,092,541 1 
Revenues ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 2,675,967 32,233,099 
Adjustment for passage of H.R. 22, the FAST Act: 
Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... ............................................ 72,880 1 
Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 70,252 1 
Revenues ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 22,137 65,837 
Adjustment for H.R. 644 the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015: 
Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 20 1 
Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 20 1 
Revenues ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. ¥7 18 
Revised Aggregates: 
Budget Authority ............................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .............................................. 3,113,643 1 
Outlays ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... .................................................... 3,162,813 1 
Revenues ....................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... .................................................. 2,698,097 32,298,954 
1Not applicable because annual appropriations acts for fiscal years 2017–2025 will not be considered until future sessions of Co ngress. 
TABLE 2—REVISION TO COMMITTEE ALLOCATIONS—AUTHORIZING COMMITTEE 302(a) ALLOCATIONS 
[On-budget amounts, in millions of dollars] 
House Committee on Ways and Means 2016 2016–2025 Total 
Budget Authority Outlays Budget Authority Outlays 
Current Allocation ............................................................................................................. ................................................................................................................ 963,250 962,255  13,218,695 13,217,578 
Adjustment for passage of H.R. 22, the FAST Act ................................................................................ .......................................................................................... ¥7 ¥7 ¥2,780 ¥2,780 
Adjustment for H.R. 644 the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015 ............................................... .................................................................... 20 20 ¥98 ¥98 
Revised Allocation ............................................................................................................. ................................................................................................................ 963,263 962,268  13,215,817 13,214,700 
TABLE 3—REVISION TO COMMITTEE ALLOCATIONS—AUTHORIZING COMMITTEE 302(a) ALLOCATIONS 
[On-budget amounts, in millions of dollars] 
House Committee on Energy & Commerce 2016 2016–2025 Total 
Budget Authority Outlays Budget Authority Outlays 
Current Allocation ............................................................................................................. ................................................................................................................ 389,635 392,001  4,341,991 4,346,043 
Adjustment for passage of H.R. 22, the FAST Act ................................................................................ .......................................................................................... 0 0 ¥6,200 ¥6,200 
Revised Allocation ............................................................................................................. ................................................................................................................ 389,635 392,001  4,335,791 4,339,843 
TABLE 4—REVISION TO COMMITTEE ALLOCATIONS—AUTHORIZING COMMITTEE 302(a) ALLOCATIONS 
[On-budget amounts, in millions of dollars] 
House Committee on Transportation & Infrastructure 2016 2016–2025 Total 
Budget Authority Outlays Budget Authority Outlays 
Current Allocation ............................................................................................................. ................................................................................................................ 57,975 16,407 5 20,762 184,208 
Adjustment for SA to H.R. 22, the FAST Act ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................... 72,603 70,000 87,778 70,000 
Revised Allocation ............................................................................................................. ................................................................................................................ 130,578 86,407 608,540 254,208 
TABLE 5—REVISION TO COMMITTEE ALLOCATIONS—AUTHORIZING COMMITTEE 302(a) ALLOCATIONS 
[On-budget amounts in millions of dollars] 
House Committee on Natural Resources 2016 2016–2025 Total 
Budget Authority Outlays Budget Authority Outlays 
Current Allocation ............................................................................................................. ................................................................................................................ 4,823 5,759 25, 492 27,975 
Adjustment for SA to H.R. 22, the FAST Act ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................... 284 259 275 275 
Revised Allocation ............................................................................................................. ................................................................................................................ 5,107 6,018 25, 767 28,250 
TABLE 6—REVISION TO COMMITTEE ALLOCATIONS—AUTHORIZING COMMITTEE 302(a) ALLOCATIONS 
[On-budget amounts in millions of dollars] 
House Committee on Agriculture 2016 2016–2025 Total 
Budget Authority Outlays Budget Authority Outlays 
Current Allocation ............................................................................................................. ................................................................................................................ 10,828 12,428 3 44,113 340,226 
Adjustment for SA to H.R. 22, the FAST Act ..................................................................................... ............................................................................................... 0 0 3,520 3,038 
Revised Allocation ............................................................................................................. ................................................................................................................ 10,828 12,428 3 47,633 343,264 
SENATE BILLS REFERRED 
Bills of the Senate of the following 
titles were taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 209. An act to amend the Indian Tribal 
Energy Development and Self Determination Act of 2005, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources; in addi-tion, to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. S. 993. An act to increase public safety by 
facilitating collaboration among the crimi-nal justice, juvenile justice, veterans treat-ment services, mental health treatment, and substance abuse systems; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
f 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, 
reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker: H.R. 2250. An act Further Continuing Ap-
propriations Act, 2016. 
H.R. 2693. An act to designate the arbo-
retum at the Hunter Holmes McGuire VA Medical Center in Richmond, Virginia, as the ‘‘Phyllis E. Galanti Arboretum’’. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move 
that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 2 o’clock and 22 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Dec 12, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11DE7.010 H11DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9306 December 11, 2015 
House adjourned until Tuesday, De-
cember 15, 2015, at noon for morning- hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
3752. A letter from the Under Secretary, 
Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics, De-partment of Defense, transmitting a letter in response to the Senate Report 113-174, page 13, focusing on military properties made available as a result of Base Realignment and Closure; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
3753. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Azoxystrobin; Pesticide Tolerances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2014-0822; FRL- 9939-52) received December 9, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
3754. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Name Change from the Of-fice of Solid Waste and Emergency Response (OSWER) to the Office of Land and Emer-gency Management (OLEM) [FRL-9936-38- OSWER] received December 9, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
3755. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Mary-land; Maryland’s Negative Declaration for the Automobile and Light-Duty Truck As-sembly Coatings Control Techniques Guide-lines [EPA-R03-OAR-2015-0530; FRL-9939-99- Region 3] received December 9, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3756. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; Texas; El Paso Particulate Matter Contingency Measures [EPA-R06-OAR-2012-0205; FRL-9940-03-Region 6] received December 9, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3757. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Naphthalene Acetates; Pes-ticide Tolerances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2014-0769; FRL-9937-22] received December 9, 2015, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3758. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Bacillus amyloliquefaciens MBI600 (antecedent Bacillus subtilis MBI600); Amendment to an Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance [EPA-HQ- OPP-2008-0762; FRL-9939-54] received Decem-ber 9, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3759. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Choline Chloride; Exemp-
tion from the Requirement of a Tolerance [EPA-HQ-OPP-2015-0023; FRL-9935-81] re-ceived December 9, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3760. A letter from the Director, Regu-
latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; Washington: Inter-state Transport of Ozone [EPA-R10-OAR- 2015-0334; FRL-9940-05-Region 10] received De-cember 9, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
3761. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Personnel Management, transmitting the Office’s final rule — Prevailing Rate Sys-tems; Redefinition of the Harrisburg, PA and Scranton-Wilkes-Barre, PA, Appropriated Fund Federal Wage System Wage Areas (RIN: 3206-AN18) received December 9, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); ; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
3762. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-
fice of Personnel Management, transmitting the Office’s final rule — Human Resources Management Reporting Requirements (RIN: 3206-AM69) received December 9, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
3763. A letter from the Federal Register Li-
aison Officer, Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Establishment of the Eagle Foothills Viticultural Area [Docket No.: TTB-2015- 0006; T.D. TTB-131; Ref: Notice No.: 150] (RIN: 1513-AC18) received December 9, 2015, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. ZELDIN: 
H.R. 4237. A bill to increase public safety 
by permitting the Attorney General to deny the transfer of firearms or the issuance of ex-plosives licenses to known or suspected ter-rorists, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Ms. MENG (for herself, Mr. R
OYCE , 
Mr. B ECERRA , Mr. B ERA, Ms. 
BORDALLO , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. J UDY 
CHUof California, Ms. C LARKE of New 
York, Mr. C ROWLEY , Ms. D UCKWORTH , 
Mr. E NGEL , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. G RAYSON , 
Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Mr. H ONDA , Ms. L EE, Mr. T ED 
LIEUof California, Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. 
MCDERMOTT , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, 
Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. T AKAI, 
Mr. T AKANO , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. 
TITUS, Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. S ABLAN , and 
Mr. S WALWELL of California): 
H.R. 4238. A bill to amend the Department 
of Energy Organization Act and the Local Public Works Capital Development and In-vestment Act of 1976 to modernize terms re-lating to minorities; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-
in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. L
OBIONDO (for himself, Mr. 
HURD of Texas, Mr. S WALWELL of 
California, Mr. K ATKO , Ms. M CSALLY , 
Mr. L OUDERMILK , and Mr. 
RATCLIFFE ): 
H.R. 4239. A bill to require intelligence 
community reporting on foreign fighter flows to and from terrorist safe havens abroad, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Intelligence (Permanent Select). 
By Ms. JACKSON LEE (for herself, Mr. 
R
ATCLIFFE , and Mr. C ONYERS ): 
H.R. 4240. A bill to require an independent 
review of the operation and administration of the Terrorist Screening Database (TSDB) maintained by the Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation and subsets of the TSDB, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 
By Mr. MARINO (for himself, Ms. J
UDY 
CHUof California, and Mrs. C OM-
STOCK ): 
H.R. 4241. A bill to establish the United 
States Copyright Office as an agency in the legislative branch, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali-
fornia: 
H.R. 4242. A bill to strengthen the Federal 
statutes designed to deter money laundering and terrorism financing, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. KILMER (for himself, Mr. 
N
EWHOUSE , and Mr. R EICHERT ): 
H.R. 4243. A bill to improve Federal dis-
aster relief and emergency assistance, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. PERRY: 
H.R. 4244. A bill to prohibit the admission 
of certain aliens as refugees until the costs of admission and resettlement of such refu-gees have been addressed, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Ms. PINGREE (for herself and Mr. 
P
OLIQUIN ): 
H.R. 4245. A bill to exempt importation and 
exportation of sea urchins and sea cucum-bers from licensing requirements under the Endangered Species Act of 1973; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. YOHO (for himself, Mr. S
CHRA -
DER, Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mrs. 
HARTZLER , Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Geor-
gia, Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. 
KELLY of Mississippi, and Mr. C OSTA ): 
H. Con. Res. 101. Concurrent resolution 
supporting the Association of American Vet-erinary Medical Colleges (AAVMC) and rec-ognizing 50 years of organized academic vet-erinary medicine in the United States; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
By Mr. LAMBORN (for himself, Mr. 
F
ORBES , Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mr. G OOD-
LATTE , Mr. M ILLER of Florida, Mr. 
ADERHOLT , Mr. F LORES , Mr. F LEMING , 
Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , 
Mr. W ALKER , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. 
BABIN, Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. T IPTON , 
Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, 
Mr. Z INKE, Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. W EBER  
of Texas, Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. F RANKS  
of Arizona, Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:04 Dec 12, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11DE7.064 H11DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9307 December 11, 2015 
PEARCE , Mr. C OLE, Mr. F LEISCHMANN , 
Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. B ARR, Mr. G IBBS, 
Mr. R OKITA , Mr. F ORTENBERRY , Mr. 
KELLY of Mississippi, Mr. H ARPER , 
Mr. A LLEN , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of 
Georgia, and Mr. Y OHO): 
H. Res. 564. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives that the symbols and traditions of Christmas should be protected for use by those who cel-ebrate Christmas; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. ZELDIN: 
H.R. 4237. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Ms. MENG: 
H.R. 4238. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion. 
By Mr. L
OBIONDO: 
H.R. 4239. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The intelligence and intelligence-related 
activities of the United States government including those under Title 50, are carried out to support the national security inter-ests of the United States, to support and as-sist the armed forces of the United States, and to support the President in the execu-tion of the foreign policy of the United States. 
Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States provides, in pertinent part, that ‘‘Congress shall have power . . . to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States’’; ‘‘. . . to raise and support armies . . .’’; and ‘‘To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Exe-cution the foregoing Powers and all other Powers vested in this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
By Ms. JACKSON LEE: 
H.R. 4240. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1, 3, and 18 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. MARINO: 
H.R. 4241. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
‘‘Article I, Section 8, Clause 8: To promote 
the Progress of Science and useful Arts, by security for limited Times to Authors and Inventors the exclusive Right to their re-spective Writings and Discoveries.’’ 
By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali-
fornia: 
H.R. 4242. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 and Clause 18 
By Mr. KILMER: 
H.R. 4243. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: Section 8 Clause 18 ‘‘To make all Laws 
which shall be necessary and proper . . .’’ 
By Mr. PERRY: 
H.R. 4244. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution 
By Ms. PINGREE: 
H.R. 4245. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of the US Constitu-
tion 
Amendment XVI to the Constitution 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 228: Mr. P ERLMUTTER . 
H.R. 383: Mr. S ESSIONS . 
H.R. 470: Mr. A LLEN . 
H.R. 592: Mr. R IGELL . 
H.R. 721: Mrs. N APOLITANO . 
H.R. 745: Mr. S CHRADER . 
H.R. 775: Mr. G OSAR and Mr. P ERLMUTTER . 
H.R. 814: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 822: Mrs. H ARTZLER . 
H.R. 911: Mr. B EYER , Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. 
SALMON , and Mr. B ILIRAKIS . 
H.R. 985: Mr. N UNES and Mrs. C OMSTOCK . 
H.R. 986: Mr. M ARCHANT . 
H.R. 997: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 1076: Mr. K EATING . 
H.R. 1142: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 1174: Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. G RIJALVA , 
Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, Mr. P OSEY , and Mr. 
VEASEY . 
H.R. 1197: Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. W ILSON of 
South Carolina, and Mr. V EASEY . 
H.R. 1217: Mrs. B USTOS . 
H.R. 1218: Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1258: Mr. B ERA. 
H.R. 1274: Mr. T ONKO . 
H.R. 1288: Mr. R UIZ. 
H.R. 1342: Mr. C RAMER , Ms. W ILSON of Flor-
ida, Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Ms. 
EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mrs. W AT-
SONCOLEMAN , Mr. A SHFORD , and Mr. D OLD. 
H.R. 1399: Mr. G IBSON and Ms. M OORE . 
H.R. 1457: Mr. S CHIFF . 
H.R. 1460: Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Ms. 
DELBENE, Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. L ARSON of Con-
necticut, Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. L YNCH , Ms. 
MATSUI , Mr. N OLAN , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , 
Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. S ERRANO , and Mr. 
SHERMAN . 
H.R. 1475: Ms. B ROWN of Florida and Mr. 
BILIRAKIS . 
H.R. 1571: Mrs. N APOLITANO and Mr. C ARSON  
of Indiana. 
H.R. 1748: Mr. H ONDA and Mr. R OYCE . 
H.R. 1786: Mr. K LINE and Mr. C LAWSON of 
Florida. 
H.R. 2003: Mr. D OLD. 
H.R. 2036: Mr. B RIDENSTINE . 
H.R. 2050: Mr. A MODEI and Mr. H ECK of 
Washington. 
H.R. 2058: Mr. Z INKE. 
H.R. 2067: Mr. M ASSIE . 
H.R. 2070: Mr. S ESSIONS . 
H.R. 2072: Ms. E DWARDS . 
H.R. 2124: Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. 
QUIGLEY , Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. N EAL, 
Mr. K EATING , and Mr. S ERRANO . 
H.R. 2125: Ms. L EE. 
H.R. 2142: Ms. B ONAMICI . 
H.R. 2144: Mrs. C OMSTOCK . 
H.R. 2205: Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. 
FORTENBERRY , and Mr. M OULTON . 
H.R. 2293: Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , 
Mr. N OLAN , and Mr. B ERA. 
H.R. 2302: Ms. B ASSand Mr. R ICHMOND . 
H.R. 2311: Mr. R OTHFUS . H.R. 2380: Mr. T AKAI. 
H.R. 2412: Miss R ICEof New York and Mr. 
MURPHY of Florida. 
H.R. 2493: Ms. E DWARDS and Ms. M ICHELLE  
LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. 
H.R. 2540: Mr. T AKANO . 
H.R. 2612: Mr. I SRAEL . 
H.R. 2624: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . 
H.R. 2680: Mr. B EYER . 
H.R. 2698: Mr. B ARLETTA . 
H.R. 2739: Mrs. C OMSTOCK and Mrs. C ARO-
LYNB. M ALONEY of New York. 
H.R. 2789: Mr. T HORNBERRY . 
H.R. 2880: Mr. A LLEN , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of 
Georgia, and Mr. S CHIFF . 
H.R. 2896: Mr. T HORNBERRY , Mr. L UCAS , and 
Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 2903: Mr. P ALAZZO . 
H.R. 2916: Mr. T AKAI. 
H.R. 2917: Ms. T SONGAS . 
H.R. 2984: Mr. C OURTNEY . 
H.R. 3024: Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 3036: Mr. D IAZ-BALART , Mr. T ONKO , 
Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. M OONEY of West 
Virginia, Mr. D ENT, Mr. S MITH of New Jer-
sey, Mr. J OYCE , Mr. H UDSON , and Mr. T HORN -
BERRY . 
H.R. 3040: Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina. 
H.R. 3136: Mr. G IBSON . 
H.R. 3151: Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. 
DESANTIS , and Mr. B UCK. 
H.R. 3222: Mr. R OTHFUS and Mr. S TUTZMAN . 
H.R. 3268: Mr. L AHOOD. 
H.R. 3299: Mr. B URGESS . 
H.R. 3314: Mrs. B LACKBURN . 
H.R. 3323: Mr. W HITFIELD . 
H.R. 3326: Mr. M OOLENAAR . 
H.R. 3364: Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts. 
H.R. 3381: Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. M URPHY of 
Florida, and Mr. D ONOVAN . 
H.R. 3411: Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Ms. 
ESHOO , Mr. H ASTINGS , and Mr. T AKAI. 
H.R. 3437: Mr. C ARTER of Georgia. 
H.R. 3463: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 3513: Mr. D ESAULNIER and Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 3516: Mr. L AHOOD. 
H.R. 3520: Mr. R OTHFUS . 
H.R. 3558: Mr. W EBSTER of Florida. 
H.R. 3662: Mr. G IBSON . 
H.R. 3666: Mr. P ERLMUTTER . 
H.R. 3694: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 3734: Mr. G OSAR . 
H.R. 3756: Ms. B ONAMICI . 
H.R. 3799: Mr. G RAVES of Georgia. 
H.R. 3808: Mr. P OLIQUIN and Mr. D OLD. 
H.R. 3858: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 3885: Ms. B ORDALLO . 
H.R. 3917: Ms. M ATSUI and Mr. B RADY of 
Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 3926: Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. 
AGUILAR , and Mr. G UTIE´RREZ . 
H.R. 3940: Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. Z INKE, Mr. 
JOHNSON of Ohio, Mr. R IGELL , and Mr. D OLD. 
H.R. 3952: Mrs. B LACKBURN and Mr. 
BUCSHON . 
H.R. 3961: Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 3970: Mr. S TIVERS , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. 
JACKSON LEE, Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. M CGOVERN , 
and Mr. D ESAULNIER . 
H.R. 3991: Mr. G RIJALVA . 
H.R. 4000: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 4007: Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia. 
H.R. 4012: Mr. G ARAMENDI . 
H.R. 4027: Mr. B EYER . 
H.R. 4043: Ms. W ILSON of Florida. 
H.R. 4055: Ms. M CCOLLUM , Ms. J ACKSON  
LEE, and Ms. B ASS. 
H.R. 4057: Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 4062: Mr. R OSKAM and Mr. B OUSTANY . 
H.R. 4085: Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. K IND, Ms. 
ESHOO , and Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 4112: Mr. S ESSIONS . 
H.R. 4113: Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of Cali-
fornia. 
H.R. 4144: Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. 
CARTWRIGHT , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , and Mr. 
TAKAI. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:04 Dec 12, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L11DE7.100 H11DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9308 December 11, 2015 
H.R. 4171: Ms. N ORTON and Miss R ICEof 
New York. 
H.R. 4172: Mr. D OLD. 
H.R. 4177: Mr. L AHOOD. 
H.R. 4183: Mrs. C OMSTOCK . 
H.R. 4185: Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. B ILI-
RAKIS , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. M ARCHANT , 
Mr. W ELCH , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. 
JOHNSON of Ohio, Mr. B ARR, Mr. B ROOKS of 
Alabama, and Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 4186: Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. 
H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. 
HUIZENGA of Michigan, Mr. P OLIS, and Mrs. 
COMSTOCK . 
H. Con. Res. 75: Mr. P OSEY and Mr. 
FITZPATRICK . 
H. Res. 207: Mr. T ROTT and Mr. K ILMER . 
H. Res. 214: Mr. K ILDEE . 
H. Res. 393: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK . 
H. Res. 435: Mr. R USSELL . 
H. Res. 451: Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan and 
Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina. 
H. Res. 454: Mr. G IBSON . 
H. Res. 469: Mr. T ROTT , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. 
JOHNSON of Ohio, and Mr. B ARR. 
H. Res. 536: Mrs. T ORRES . 
H. Res. 540: Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H. Res. 559: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio and Mr. 
REICHERT . 
H. Res. 561: Miss R ICEof New York. 
f 
DELETIONS OF SPONSORS FROM 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were deleted from public bills and reso-lutions, as follows: 
H.R. 1301: Mr. Z INKE. DISCHARGE PETITIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XV, the fol-
lowing discharge petition was filed: 
Petition 3, December 7, 2015, by Mr. 
THOMPSON of California on H.R. 1076, was signed by the following Members: Mr. Thompson of California, Mr. Kildee, Ms. DelBene, Mr. Pallone, Ms. Eshoo, Mr. Nor-cross, Mr. Courtney, Ms. Slaughter, Mr. Fos-ter, Mr. McNerney, Ms. Edwards, Mr. Gutie ´rrez, Mrs. Watson Coleman, Mr. 
McDermott, Mrs. Beatty, Mr. Clyburn, Mr. Delaney, Mr. DeSaulnier, Ms. Jackson Lee, Mr. Serrano, Ms. Vela ´zquez, Mr. Heck of 
Washington, Mr. Huffman, Mr. Kilmer, Mr. Quigley, Mr. Tonko, Mr. Lowenthal, Mrs. Davis of California, Ms. Kuster, Ms. Castor of Florida, Ms. Clark of Massachusetts, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Jeffries, Mr. Pascrell, Mr. Al Green of Texas, Mr. Bera, Ms. Lofgren, Mrs. Napolitano, Mr. Garamendi, Ms. Duckworth, Ms. Tsongas, Mr. Honda, Mr. Pocan, Ms. Esty, Mr. Blumenauer, Mr. Michael F. Doyle of Pennsylvania, Mr. Hinojosa, Mr. Yarmuth, Mr. Brendan F. Boyle of Pennsylvania, Ms. Titus, Ms. Bonamici, Mr. Cicilline, Ms. Adams, Mr. Beyer, Mr. Veasey, Mr. O’Rourke, Ms. Pingree, Ms. Matsui, Mr. Lar-sen of Washington, Mr. Keating, Ms. Frankel of Florida, Ms. Brownley of California, Ms. Hahn, Ms. Wasserman Schultz, Mrs. Capps, Mr. Takano, Ms. Kelly of Illinois, Ms. Clarke of New York, Mr. Nolan, Ms. Schakowsky, Mr. Rangel, Mr. Gallego, Mr. Swalwell of California, Ms. DeLauro, Mr. Connolly, Mr. Murphy of Florida, Ms. DeGette, Mr. Becerra, Mr. Ryan of Ohio, Ms. Wilson of Florida, Mr. Cohen, Ms. Eddie Bernice John-son of Texas, Mrs. Lawrence, Mr. Hoyer, Mrs. 
Torres, Ms. Kaptur, Ms. Sewell of Alabama, Mr. Levin, Mr. Van Hollen, Mr. Kennedy, Mr. McGovern, Mr. Schiff, Mr. Brady of Pennsyl-vania, Mr. Sires, Mrs. Kirkpatrick, Mr. Sar-banes, Mr. Ben Ray Luja ´n of New Mexico, 
Mr. Ca ´rdenas, Mr. Ruiz, Mr. Lynch, Ms. 
Michelle Lujan Grisham of New Mexico, Mr. Loebsack, Mr. Vargas, Ms. Judy Chu of Cali-fornia, Mr. Sean Patrick Maloney of New York, Mr. Moulton, Mr. Higgins, Mr. Gray-son, Mr. Castro of Texas, Mr. DeFazio, Mr. Larson of Connecticut, Ms. Brown of Florida, Mr. Carney, Mr. Nadler, Mr. Cummings, Mrs. Carolyn B. Maloney of New York, Mr. Lan-gevin, Mr. Hastings, Mr. Capuano, Mr. Farr, Mrs. Lowey, Mr. Price of North Carolina, Mr. Ashford, Ms. Roybal-Allard, Mr. Fattah, Mr. Ted Lieu of California, Mr. Crowley, Ms. Meng, Mr. Smith of Washington, Mr. Sher-man, Mr. Scott of Virginia, Mr. Meeks, Mr. 
Johnson of Georgia, Ms. Moore, Mr. Conyers, Ms. Bass, Mr. Ruppersberger, Mr. Ellison, Mr. Engel, Mr. Israel, Mr. Payne, Ms. McCol-lum, Mr. Neal, Mr. Polis, Mr. Takai, Ms. Lee, Ms. Maxine Waters of California, Ms. Linda T. Sa ´nchez of California, Mr. Rush, Ms. 
Gabbard, Mr. Danny K. Davis of Illinois, Mr. Cleaver, Mr. Clay, Mr. Butterfield, Ms. Speier, Mrs. Bustos, Mr. Perlmutter, Mr. Doggett, Mr. Welch, Mr. Himes, Mr. David Scott of Georgia, Mr. Deutch, Mr. Peters, Miss Rice of New York, Mr. Carson of Indi-ana, Mr. Lewis, Ms. Pelosi, Ms. Loretta San-chez of California, Ms. Sinema, Mr. Grijalva, Mrs. Dingell, and Mr. Lipinski. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:04 Dec 12, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0636 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11DE7.031 H11DEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1773 December 11, 2015 
RECOGNIZING THE CONTRIBU-
TIONS OF BONITA ‘‘BONNIE’’ SHEPHERD—AN EXTRAORDINARY PUBLIC SERVANT WHO SERVED THE UNITED STATES HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES WITH DIS-TINCTION FOR 48 YEARS 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 11, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
present a Certificate of Congressional Rec-ognition to Bonita ‘‘Bonnie’’ Shepherd on the occasion of 48 Years of public service at the U.S. House of Representatives. 
Bonita L. Shepherd, ‘‘Bonnie’’ commenced 
her career as a public servant on Capitol Hill on June 18, 1967 and met everyone who crossed her path with her signature ‘‘Good Morning. How are you?’’ 
Bonnie worked for the U.S. House of Rep-
resentatives, with a starting per hour salary of $1.51, providing service to Members of Con-gress, staff, citizens and visitors who traversed our nation’s Rayburn Cafeteria. 
On January 28, 1988, having served 21 
years in the House, Bonnie continued her pub-lic service for another 27 years in the House of Representatives with the Architect of the U.S. Capitol as an Elevator Operator, playing an instrumental role in facilitating the safe and flawless movement of Members as they worked to make and pass federal laws affect-ing our nation. 
Every year for 48 years, Bonnie served 435 
Members who served the 50 states of our na-tion, serving the interest of the United States’ population when the House was in session. 
When the House was out of session, Bonnie 
also served at the House Flag office where on average more than 100,000 American flags fly over the U.S. Capitol every year, commemo-rating birthdays, retirements, anniversaries and other special occasions of everyday he-roic Americans. 
For almost half a century Bonnie has served 
our nation through wars, recessions, seminal national occurrences and celebrations. 
On behalf of the U.S. House of Representa-
tives and the constituents of the Eighteenth Congressional District of Texas, I take great pride in congratulating Bonita L. Shepherd, ‘‘Bonnie’’ for her work as an American public servant and keeping a smile on her face while serving Members working to serve the inter-ests of the United States. 
I hope my colleagues will join me in con-
gratulating Bonnie for her public service. TRIBUTE TO DORIS DOZIER 
CRENSHAW 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 11, 2015 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to honor the extraordinary contribu-tions of lifelong civil rights activist and public servant Doris Dozier Crenshaw. For more than 60 years, she has been on the frontlines in the fight for equality and human rights for all. Today, we salute this Alabama native for her commitment to serving this nation. 
Her journey began in 1955 when at just 12 
years old, Doris served as Vice President of the NAACP Youth Council when Rosa Parks served as the organization’s advisor. After completing her degree at Clark College, she continued her community outreach in Chicago with Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. on the Open Housing Campaign. 
Doris began her professional career as a 
Southern Field Representative for the National Council of Negro Women by organizing chap-ters, designing rural economic programs, and health and housing programs. In 1977, Doris joined the Carter White House Democratic Policy Staff for the Small and Minority Busi-ness Issue Division. In 1980, she went on to serve as Deputy Director for the South East Region for the Carter Presidential Campaign. 
In the early 1980s, Doris also served as 
Special Assistant and Mobilization Director for Special Projects to the Rev. Jesse Jackson. In this capacity, she worked extensively in Wash-ington, D.C. and nationwide with black busi-nesses for the PUSH Trade Bureau. Doris then served as a consultant to Vice President Walter Mondale and was later named National Political Director for ‘‘Mondale for President in 1983.’’ 
In 1985, Doris was tapped by Coretta Scott 
King to serve as Director of Mobilization for the first national holiday honoring Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. She was also charged by Dorothy Height to serve as Director of Mobili-zation for the First National Black Family Re-union and the National Black Family Reunions in Atlanta, Los Angeles, and Detroit. This com-munity icon also organized the nationally rec-ognized 40th, 45th, 50th, 55th, 57th anniver-sary and now the 60th celebrations of the 1955 Montgomery Bus Boycott. 
In addition to her various leadership roles, 
Doris is committed to passing the torch to fu-ture generations. In 2008, she founded the Southern Youth Leadership Development Insti-tute. The organization was created to address educational policy issues while engaging youth leaders in inspirational training programs through the ‘‘train-the-trainer’’ approach. 
Over the years, Doris has been recognized 
and awarded numerous accolades from orga-nizations around the country and she is a life-time member of the NAACP and the National Council of Negro Women. Doris is also a member of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference as well as the First United Church 
of Christ. Her proudest accomplishment is her daughter, Dr. Kwanza (Mikki) Crenshaw. 
On a personal note, Doris has served as 
dedicated mentor and friend. I know that my journey as the first black woman elected to Congress from the State of Alabama would not be possible without her wise counsel, sup-port and mentorship. 
On this the 60th anniversary of the Mont-
gomery Bus Boycott, I ask my colleagues to join me in paying tribute to an Alabama treas-ure whose extraordinary contributions to this nation will continue to shape future genera-tions of public servants. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE DEDICATED 
SERVICE OF NORTHWEST FLOR-IDA’S HUNTER WALKER ON THE OCCASION OF HIS RETIREMENT AS SANTA ROSA COUNTY, FLOR-IDA ADMINISTRATOR 
HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 11, 2015 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
to recognize Mr. Hunter Walker on the occa-sion of his retirement as Santa Rosa County Administrator, a position in which he has faith-fully served for the last twenty years. 
A native of Atmore, Alabama and an avid 
Crimson Tide fan, Mr. Walker attended the University of Alabama where he received both his Bachelor of Arts in Political Science and his Masters of Public Administration. Upon graduation, he served as Assistant to the Homewood, Alabama Mayor for five years. He later moved to Yemassee, South Carolina, where he worked as both City Planner and Management Specialist, and in 1985, he be-came City Planner and Administrator of Beau-fort, South Carolina. In 1986, he became Grady County, Georgia County Administrator in 1986, and from there, he moved to Tifton, Georgia, where he served as City and County Manager for seven years. 
In 1995, Mr. Walker moved to Santa Rosa 
County, located in Florida’s First Congres-sional District where he has since served as County Administrator. For the last two dec-ades, Mr. Walker has been responsible for en-suring the efficient daily operation of county services. In addition, he has been responsible for drafting an annual operating budget for the county, preparing policy recommendations and advising County Commissioners on short and long term policy goals, working with state and federal officials and local stakeholders on joint policy efforts, and ensuring that policies en-acted by the County Commission are carried out in the most thorough and efficient manner possible. 
Aside from his public service, Mr. Walker is 
an active member and vestryman at Holy Cross Episcopal Church in Pensacola and en-joys spending time with his family and playing golf. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 12, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A11DE8.001 E11DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1774 December 11, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of a grateful commu-
nity, I am pleased to congratulate Mr. Hunter Walker on his well-earned retirement. My wife Vicki and I wish him; his wife, Pam; daughter, Sarah; and son, John all the best for contin-ued success. 
f 
HONORING THE 50TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE COMMUNITY AC-TION PARTNERSHIP OF SAN LUIS OBISPO COUNTY, INC. 
HON. LOIS CAPPS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 11, 2015 
Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to 
honor the Community Action Partnership of San Luis Obispo County, Inc. (CAPSLO) on their 50th anniversary and to highlight its vital role serving our local community. 
CAPSLO was established on December 8, 
1965. It was created as San Luis Obispo County’s official Community Action Agency to eliminate the causes of poverty by empow-ering low-income individuals and families to achieve self-sufficiency through a wide array of community-based collaborations and pro-grams. 
Over the years, it has touched and inspired 
so many working families through strong part-nerships with volunteers, county government, city government, the private sector, and low- income populations throughout the San Luis Obispo community. 
Through these partnerships, CAPSLO has 
worked tirelessly to implement successful pro-grams, such as Early Head Start, Head Start, Migrant and Seasonal Head Start, Supportive Service for Veterans and Families, Homeless Services, and Parent Education and Child Abuse Prevention Services. These programs address the needs of our community by di-rectly combatting poverty and have directly im-proved the quality of life of local families, strengthened the community, and improved the safety of San Luis Obispo County. 
I am pleased to recognize CAPSLO on its 
50th anniversary for its leadership and wish the organization luck in the future. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF JUDY 
WALDEN SCARAFILE 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 11, 2015 
Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the distinguished career of Judy Walden Scarafile on the occasion of her retire-ment as President of the Cape Cod Baseball League. Judy has served this organization honorably for 45 years, including the last 24 as President. 
The Cape Cod Baseball League has been 
an integral and historic component of Massa-chusetts culture—having been embraced by Cape Cod residents, visitors, and baseball fans alike as a favorite summer pastime since its establishment in 1885. The continued suc-cess of the League and that of its individual players—through both collegiate, minor and major league careers—is testament to the dedication and comradery of its leadership. 
Judy Scarafile embodies the best of the League and the best of the game of baseball; she is a savvy businesswoman, a respected leader, and a pioneer for women working in sports administration. 
Judy’s tenure would not have been 
achieved without her tireless commitment to CCBL, its players, and its fans. She first joined the League in 1970, when longtime head of Public Relations for the Red Sox, Dick Bresciani, her mentor, hired her as an official scorer. For over four decades, Judy’s love for baseball and dedication to the League led her to rise through the ranks—from publicity as-sistant to, since 1991, CCBL’s first female president. 
As President, Judy Scarafile elevated the 
Cape Cod Baseball League to unprecedented heights. According to the CCBL Commis-sioner, her leadership helped the League grow ‘‘from little backyard local teams to an inter-national power in terms of collegiate summer baseball.’’ Well over one thousand players trained, coached, and supported by the League have gone on to lasting careers in baseball. 
In 2003, the Cape Cod Baseball League 
honored Judy’s achievements by inducting her into the League’s Hall of Fame. She is also celebrated among other pioneering females in the game of baseball by the National Baseball Hall of Fame’s ‘‘Diamond Dreams’’ exhibit. Among her many other honors and accolades, Judy has also been named the Hyannis Area Chamber of Commerce Citizen of the Year, presented with the Clara Barton Award by the American Red Cross, and received USA Baseball’s Woman of the Year Award. 
Mr. Speaker, it brings me great pride to rec-
ognize the retirement of Judy Walden Scarafile from her position as President of the Cape Cod Baseball League. Judy has served the many players who pass through the Cape League—and the game of baseball. Though she will be sorely missed, I thank her for her devotion and wish her the best of luck in all her future endeavors. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE ACHIEVEMENT 
OF DAVID L. KOLBE 
HON. TIM RYAN 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 11, 2015 
Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to commend David L. Kolbe of Howard, Ohio for his induction into the Ohio Veterans Hall of Fame this year. A veteran of the Vietnam War and former fire fighter, David has dedicated his life to both those he served with and served for, returning to Ohio to start a career in public service. 
Kolbe was elected Damascus Township 
Trustee at the age of 33 and later served as Henry County Commissioner for four years, where he helped secure funding for the Henry County Veterans Memorial in 1989. Later, Kolbe helped elect President Bill Clinton in 1992 as Northwest Ohio coordinator for the Ohio Democratic Party. 
As a union ironworker by trade, Kolbe has 
supported unions throughout his life, serving as Political and Legislative Director for the Ohio AFL–CIO in 1994 where he championed reform on issues from campaign finance re-
form to prescription drug pricing. He also ex-celled in the realm of community service, working with the United Way and the Red Cross State Council during his time with the AFL–CIO, later earning an appointment by Governor Bob Taft to the State Community Service Council. 
Throughout his life, helping veterans find 
employment has been David’s core focus as a public servant. He has recently worked closely with Helmets to Hardhats, a non-profit organi-zation that helps connect recently returned veterans to employment in the construction in-dustry. In his current role as political and legis-lative director for the International Association of Bridge, Structural, Ornamental and Rein-forcing Iron Workers, David builds upon his forty year membership in the Iron Workers Local 55 union by serving on the Union Vet-erans Council executive committee, which he helped found in 2009. 
David was nominated for induction into the 
Ohio Veterans Hall of Fame by Bob Kane of McClure, Ohio and was inducted on Novem-ber 5, 2015 at the Lincoln Theater in Colum-bus, alongside eighteen other distinguished veterans. As a Hall of Fame member, David joins the ranks of an impressive list of distin-guished Ohioans, including astronauts, police officers, Medal of Honor Recipients, and former Presidents of the United States. 
I could not be prouder of the work David 
Kolbe has done for veterans in the state of Ohio. I see his career of service as an inspira-tion. I hope you will all join me in congratu-lating David and his family for being recog-nized with this great honor. 
f 
HONORING VIRGINIA TECH’S 
COACH FRANK BEAMER 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 11, 2015 
Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Virginia Tech’s Coach Frank Beamer, who after 29 years, will retire at the end of this season as a football coach, mentor, friend and role model on and off the field. 
Beamer was a three-year starting corner-
back for the Hokies and after taking over as the Hokies’ head coach in 1987, he built the football program at his alma mater into a na-tional power. 
Coach Beamer stands as the winningest ac-
tive Division I football coach and the sixth all time with 279 career wins. 
During his 29 years at Virginia Tech, he has 
237 victories and has guided the Hokies to four ACC titles, three Big East championships, six appearances in BCS bowl games, and has posted 13 seasons with 10 or more wins. 
At the end of this month, Virginia Tech will 
play in a bowl game for the 23rd consecutive year under Beamer’s lead, the longest current streak in college football recognized by the NCAA. 
Beamer has been the face of the Hokie 
football team and the Virginia Tech community as a whole for so many years. He will certainly be missed. 
Thank you, Coach Beamer, for all that you 
have contributed to Virginia Tech, Blacksburg and the game of college football. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 12, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K11DE8.002 E11DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1775 December 11, 2015 
IN COMMEMORATION OF IVADALE 
MARIE FOULKS FOSTER 
HON. JOHN SHIMKUS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 11, 2015 
Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the memory of a truly remarkable woman. Ivadale Foster passed away on No-vember 14 in her hometown of Danville, Illi-nois, at the age of 93. Mrs. Foster was a pillar of the community, who dedicated her life to helping others. Her list of accomplishments and memberships on various community orga-nizations is extraordinary. In 1964 Mrs. Foster was recognized as one of Danville’s out-standing women and was named volunteer of the year in 1993. She was the first and only African American woman to serve on the Vermilion County Board, a position she held for three decades. She was active in the Laura Lee Fellowship House, American Legion Post 736 Auxiliary, and the Danville Public Schools, to name just a few of the organiza-tions on which she served. 
Her list of accomplishments could fill pages, 
and because of that record of service, the City of Danville and Vermilion County has lost a leader, a trailblazer, and an icon. Ivadale Fos-ter embodied what is good and just in Amer-ica, and her legacy of community service will touch future generations. 
My sincere condolences go out to the family 
of Mrs. Foster, as we all mourn her passing. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 75TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF TAMPA LIGHTHOUSE FOR THE BLIND 
HON. DANIEL WEBSTER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 11, 2015 
Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, it is 
my pleasure to recognize the 75th anniversary of Tampa Lighthouse for the Blind. Tampa Lighthouse for the Blind has been serving indi-viduals who are blind or visually impaired since 1940. Tampa Lighthouse for the Blind is dedicated to their mission to maximize inde-pendence and provide employment opportuni-ties for persons who are blind or visually im-paired. 
On-site comprehensive rehabilitation serv-
ices are provided in their two locations in Flor-ida: Tampa and Winter Haven. The training programs are designed to help individuals who have recently lost part or all of their vision gain the skills needed to perform daily tasks and maintain employment. 
Tampa Lighthouse for the Blind opened its 
first Winter Haven facility in 1993 to provide rehabilitation programs to residents in Polk, Hardee, and Highlands counties. In 1995, the Winter Haven facility opened its Low Vision Clinic for individuals who have some remain-ing vision. At the Low Vision Clinic, an optom-etrist specialized in low vision, works to im-prove visual functioning through the utilization of low vision aids, visual rehabilitation tech-niques, or specialized training. 
Over the past 75 years, Tampa Lighthouse 
for the Blind has enriched the lives of individ-uals by providing them with the opportunity to gain greater independence and quality of life, 
and enjoy and benefit from participation in their communities. On behalf of the citizens of Central Florida, I applaud the efforts of those involved and the investments they are making in the lives of individuals with vision loss to provide them with job training, work experi-ence and other tools necessary to lead inde-pendent, successful lives. I wish Tampa Light-house for the Blind many more years of qual-ity service to our community. 
f 
HONORING 50 YEARS OF UNC HIGH-
WAY SAFETY RESEARCH CENTER EFFORTS TO IMPROVE SAFETY 
HON. DAVID E. PRICE 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 11, 2015 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise to recognize the 50th anniversary of the University of North Carolina (UNC) Highway Safety Research Center. The Center’s mission is to improve the safety, security, access and efficiency of all surface transportation modes by conducting interdisciplinary research and disseminating information. Located on the UNC campus at Chapel Hill, which is in my district, the Center is overseen by the Vice President for Research for the North Carolina University System and the Vice Chancellor for Research and Economic Development on the UNC-Chapel Hill campus. 
The UNC Highway Safety Research Center 
was formed by the North Carolina State Legis-lature in 1965 at a time when the public was calling for enhanced highway and vehicle safety and injury prevention. Established dur-ing former Governor Dan K. Moore’s tenure, the Center began operations in 1966 under the direction of Dr. B.J. Campbell. I’d like to recognize the Center’s current leadership, in-cluding David Harkey, Director of the Highway Safety Research Center; Lauren Marchetti, Di-rector of the National Center for Safe Routes to School; Charles Zegeer, Director of the Pe-destrian and Bicycle Information Center; and Robert Foss, Director of the Center for the Study of Young Drivers. 
The Center’s cross-discipline research— 
from social and behavioral sciences to engi-neering and planning—addresses the diverse challenges we face in building safer roads and highways. Research topics include animal-ve-hicle crash information, bicycle & pedestrian safety and access, child passenger safety, dis-tracted and drowsy driving, motorcycle safety, occupant protection, the safety of older and younger drivers, school travel, traffic oper-ations, and roadway design. 
Over its 50-year history, the Center has 
worked with various partner agencies in North Carolina on identifying road safety challenges, developing and implementing strategies, and evaluating the effectiveness of programs and interventions. Partners in North Carolina in-clude the North Carolina Department of Trans-portation (NCDOT), the Governor’s Highway Safety Program, the State Highway Patrol, and many others. In recent years, the Center worked closely with NCDOT to train State pro-fessionals on the concept of complete streets, develop and implement the ‘Watch for Me’ pe-destrian and bicycle safety program, and de-velop the 2014 Strategic Highway Safety Plan. The nationally renowned investigators at the 
center have also translated their results into programs and policies that have been imple-mented in North Carolina, saving countless lives and injuries. The Center’s staff has also trained thousands of safety professionals, and have served as a resource for the public and the media on how to communicate safety messages and provide an impartial voice on timely road safety topics. 
For 50 years, the Highway Safety Research 
Center has been a leading research institute that has helped shape the field of transpor-tation safety. We are fortunate that this world- class highway safety research center calls North Carolina home. Again, I want to con-gratulate the Center on celebrating 50 years of service to the cause of highway safety and road users everywhere. I look forward to their continued work over the coming decades. 
f 
ADDRESSING GUN VIOLENCE IN 
OUR COMMUNITIES 
HON. MARCIA L. FUDGE 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 11, 2015 
Ms. FUDGE. Mr. Speaker, I am sick and 
tired of people talking about gun violence as if it is just another headline or topic of the day. While we tend to discuss gun violence be-cause it occurs so frequently in our country, another debate is not enough. 
How many Americans do we have to bury 
before gun violence stops? What will it take for every Member of this House to consider gun safety laws? And, when will we stop talk-ing about the lives lost and take real action to save our constituents before their names are called before a moment of silence? 
It is clear that there is a culture of violence 
pervading our society. It is crippling us at our core: tearing families apart and hurting com-munities. Perpetrators are cutting off genera-tions at the head and ending lives way too soon. 
Gun violence is a crisis of murder. We need 
to call it what it is. We must figure out how to stop people from killing other people and get guns out of the hands of those that do not need them. 
Proponents of gun rights say that there is 
an absolute right to bear arms. I disagree. All rights are subject to reasonable restrictions. But what is absolute, is that Americans have the right to leave their homes without being shot. All Americans deserve to live free from fear. 
But, every day Congress does not act, we 
lose more innocent children, men and women. Every day we do nothing, we forfeit more lives. 
I call on my colleagues in Congress to pass 
comprehensive, national gun policies that eliminate loopholes, ban assault weapons, and place limits on high-capacity magazines. Sev-eral bills have been introduced in the House this year. I have co-sponsored many. Yet, none have made it to the House Floor. 
This is unacceptable. We have to protect 
the lives of our constituents. 
It saddens me that we are still just talking 
about gun safety. We did the same after Sandy Hook and Newtown. We reacted simi-larly following Aurora, Charleston, Oregon, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 12, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K11DE8.009 E11DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1776 December 11, 2015 
and now San Bernardino. And, discussions 
continue after each tragic instance of gun vio-lence in our districts. 
We are complicit in this violence if we fail to 
strengthen our gun laws and combat other reasons these murders continue. Comprehen-sive gun control may not be a panacea, but it is indeed a good start. It is time to take action. Let’s make our streets safer for all Americans. 
f 
HONORING THE CENTRAL NEW 
YORK STORM CHEERLEADING ALL STAR PROGRAM 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 11, 2015 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the 20th anniversary of the Central New York Storm Cheerleading All Star Program. The CNY Storm was founded in 1996 and was the first All Star program in New York State. The CNY Storm provides a welcoming envi-ronment where all ages and ability levels are invited to come and learn about cheerleading and tumbling. 
The CNY Storm All Star Program is the 
longest running and most successful program not only in Central New York, the Capital Dis-trict, and North Country, but in all of New York State. The coaches and staff at CNY Storm are knowledgeable, experienced and nation-ally recognized. The team is a United States All Star Foundation member gym and all ath-letes are USASF members. 
The CNY Storm Cheerleading Program 
plays an important role in Central New York, working with young people locally to teach them life skills, teambuilding, character edu-cation and the importance of community and the pursuit of academic goals. The team con-tinuously offers community service activities for its team members, along with academic re-wards, college scouting opportunities, and a family atmosphere. 
Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize the 
CNY Storm Cheerleading All Star Program and congratulate the program on achieving its 20th anniversary. I wish the program contin-ued success for years to come. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE 40TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF V–103, THE PEOPLE’S STATION 
HON. DAVID SCOTT 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 11, 2015 
Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, 
today I rise to honor the 40th anniversary of ‘‘The People’s Station’’, V–103, a radio station that has withstood the test of time and always kept up with the pulse of metro Atlanta. 
V–103 started in 1976 primarily as a disco 
music station. The station rose to prominence and became one of Atlanta’s radio market leaders under the guidance and leadership of then program director, Scotty Andrews. Al-though it found its audience in disco, as musi-cal tastes changed, V–103 proved to be fluid and ready to meet the listening needs of the people of Atlanta. There is no finer example of this fact than 
in 2000 when the People’s Station added full time hip hop to their catalog of urban contem-porary soul and R&B. V–103 helped promote some of Atlanta’s most notable homegrown musicians and producers. But more than just a music station, V–103 has been a pillar of support in both the Greater Atlanta community as well as the United States. 
Following the attacks on the World Trade 
Center on September 11, 2001, then-Mayor Bill Campbell escorted the V–103 morning team to Ground Zero to present more than $100,000 to then New York mayor Rudy Giuliani for the families of first responders. The station raised over $250,000 to assist the displaced people of Hurricane Katrina in At-lanta and New Orleans. In November 2008, the station paused its music service to report on the historic election of this nation’s first Af-rican American president, Barack Obama. V– 103 has been a partner in promoting the 13th district’s Health, Job and Foreclosure preven-tion fairs and contributing to the success of these events. 
Over the past 40 years, the People’s Station 
has proven itself as a resource for the greater Atlanta community. With over one million lis-teners, V–103 is undoubtedly an integral part of people of Atlanta’s morning and evening commutes as well as an important part of the philanthropic community. 
Mr. Speaker, today I rise to celebrate and 
honor an organization that has been an in-formative voice for so many Georgians throughout the last 40 years. I ask my col-leagues to join me in commemorating V–103 on their organization’s anniversary and for their continued service to the Greater Atlanta community. 
f 
180TH ANNIVERSARY OF CEN-
TENARY UNITED METHODIST CHURCH 
HON. JOHN SHIMKUS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 11, 2015 
Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the 180th anniversary of the found-ing of Centenary United Methodist Church in Effingham, Illinois. Centenary United Methodist Church can trace its origins to 1835, four years after Effingham County was established. This makes Centenary the oldest congregation in Effingham County. The congregation at first had no building in which to worship, the first members of the church would meet in each other’s homes. Ground breaking for the cur-rent church began in 1954 and the building was dedicated in 1961. 
Centenary United Methodist Church has a 
long tradition of community involvement and care, and for 180 years it has been serving the spiritual and emotional needs of its mem-bers and the community with many different activities and programs. I look forward to the continued success of Centenary United Meth-odist Church, and I extend my best wishes to it on its 180th anniversary. HONORING THE SERVICE OF 
JENNIFER L. BAUN 
HON. TIM RYAN 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 11, 2015 
Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor the service of Jennifer L. Baun of Youngstown, Ohio who served in the U.S. Navy. Today she serves veterans and the greater community and has been recognized for her outstanding work with induction into the Ohio Veterans Hall of Fame. 
While Jennifer works full-time in the phar-
maceutical industry, she spends a great deal of her free time helping veterans. Jenn is the president of the Northeast Ohio Women Vet-erans Unit 21, a chapter of the Military Women Across the Nation veterans group, an organization dedicated to women who proudly served in the military. She is vice chair of the Ohio Department of Veterans Services Advi-sory Committee on Women Veterans and was instrumental in seeking sponsorship for the bi-ennial Ohio Women Veterans Conferences. Additionally, Jenn worked diligently on the movement of legislation supporting the Ohio Women Veterans license plate. In May of 2015, Jenn was a finalist for the Athena Lead-ership Award for the exceptional impact and leadership she has made in her career and community. 
Despite having already given so much, 
Jenn’s commitment to giving even more and helping her fellow veterans is a source of in-spiration to me, and our whole community. On behalf of the whole community, I would like to congratulate Jennifer on this most recent honor, and offer my sincere thanks for the work she has done, and will no doubt continue to do for fellow veterans in our community. 
f 
RECOGNIZING NORTHWEST FLOR-
IDA’S BUCK LEE ON THE OCCA-SION OF HIS RETIREMENT AS THE SANTA ROSA ISLAND AU-THORITY EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 11, 2015 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
to recognize Mr. Buck Lee for his dedicated service to the Gulf Coast community on the occasion of his retirement as the Santa Rosa Island Authority Executive Director. 
A native Northwest Floridian, Buck was born 
in Pensacola on December 24, 1947 to Jack and LaVonne Lee. Growing up along the Gulf Coast, he attended Warrington Elementary and Junior High Schools, Escambia High School, and Pensacola Junior College. A life- long Ole Miss fan, he attended the University of Mississippi, where he was a proud member of Kappa Sigma Fraternity. Following his stud-ies, Buck served in the United States Army until 1974, when he returned to Northwest Florida to start a career as a businessman and public servant. 
Buck’s successful business career included 
ownership of a car dealership, Jack Lee Buick, and the creation of a government consulting firm. In addition, Buck was also elected to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 12, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K11DE8.013 E11DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1777 December 11, 2015 
serve the people of Northwest Florida as a 
County Commissioner in both Escambia and Santa Rosa Counties. 
In 2005, Buck was selected as Executive 
Director of the Santa Rosa Island Authority. In this capacity, he is responsible for imple-menting plans and programs established by the Santa Rosa Island Authority Board and administering the daily operations of the Santa Rosa Island Authority, which includes a staff of 35 permanent employees and approxi-mately 40 seasonal employees on Pensacola Beach. 
Buck’s tenure as Executive Director of the 
Santa Rosa Island Authority has coincided with several pivotal moments in Northwest Florida history. He was appointed in the wake of Hurricane Ivan, one of the costliest storms in American history and was also Executive Director during Hurricane Dennis. Buck worked diligently to restore the beach, but in 2010, the community was hit hard again fol-lowing the Deepwater Horizon Oil Spill. In 2012, however, Pensacola Beach had the best year ever for retail sales, and with the Santa Rosa Island Authority Board approval, Buck implemented ‘‘Bands on the Beach,’’ an event that attracts thousands of individuals. Buck also oversees the Pensacola Beach Blue An-gels Airshow and is active in various civic and community organizations. His excellent service has not gone unnoticed, and he has received numerous awards, including the 2011 Commu-nicator of the Year award by the Florida Public Relations Association. 
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of a grateful commu-
nity, I am pleased to congratulate Mr. Buck Lee on his well-earned retirement. My wife Vicki and I wish him all the best for continued success. 
f 
JOSEPH D EMOTT 
HON. JOSEPH R. PITTS 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 11, 2015 
Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Joseph DeMott of Lititz, Pennsylvania. 
Mr. DeMott served our country in the Army 
Air Corps during World War II, suffering se-vere leg wounds in a mission over what is now Jakarta. While he was in the hospital, Japan overtook the city and he was captured in March 1942. He was sent to a POW camp to do farm labor, build fences, dig ditches, and work on the docks. Joseph DeMott was starved, beaten, and temporarily blinded when the camp was liberated in September 1945. For his heroism, he received two Purple Hearts. 
After the war, back home in Pennsylvania, 
he became an electrical engineer after grad-uating from Penn State. He went on later to work as a plant manager at Champion Blower and Forge in Lancaster. 
This October, 70 years later, he and seven 
other former POWs held by Japan during World War II traveled to Japan as guests of the Japanese government to revisit and rec-oncile with their past. 
Mr. DeMott’s story is an outstanding lesson 
to us all not only in courage, selflessness, pa-triotism, and valor, but also in forgiveness. Those who are truly strong are strong enough to forgive. Mr. Speaker, there are heroes all around us 
in this country. I am proud to represent over 40,000 of them in the Sixteenth Congressional District of Pennsylvania. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THOMAS AND LINDA 
KOEHN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 11, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Thomas and Linda Koehn for being recognized as Out-standing Individual Philanthropists by the Des Moines Business Record. They have long been supporters of arts, culture, and commu-nity service in the Des Moines area. 
For years the Koehns have dedicated their 
time and talents to promoting the greater good. They have directed most of their philan-thropic efforts to The Community Foundation of Greater Des Moines and United Way of Central Iowa. Thomas and Linda describe the two organizations as pillars of the greater Des Moines metropolitan area. 
The Koehns’ willingness to serve others be-
fore themselves has left a long-lasting impact on the community. Their dedicated leadership on a variety of philanthropic boards and orga-nizations cannot be understated, as well as their contributions to the Greater Des Moines Botanical Garden, the Des Moines Symphony, and the Science Center of Iowa, to name a few. 
Mr. Speaker, the Koehns’ display of civic 
duty throughout their lives is admirable and gives me great hope for our nation’s future. It is Iowans like them who make me proud to call myself an Iowan and represent the people of our great state. I ask that my colleagues in the U.S. House of Representatives join me in congratulating the Koehns for receiving this outstanding recognition and in wishing them nothing but continued success. 
f 
HONORING THOMAS ‘‘TANK’’ 
STRICKLAND 
HON. JOHN J. DUNCAN, JR. 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 11, 2015 
Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, 
Thomas ‘‘Tank’’ Strickland is one of the hard-est working people I have ever known and a very patriotic American. He will retire soon from his position as city community relations director in Knoxville, Tennessee, where he has served for almost 20 years. He has also represented the city he loves so much for sev-eral years as an esteemed member of the Knox County Commission. 
A graduate of Austin-East High School and 
the University of Tennessee, Mr. Strickland’s service to the community spans a lifetime and has come not just through government but also volunteer and philanthropy work. The community honored him for this devotion with the naming of Thomas ‘‘Tank’’ Strickland Park. Recently, he was also bestowed with the Jayne Thomas Grassroots Volunteer Recogni-tion Award for community advocacy from the Community Action Partnership. This award is 
given only to those who have ‘‘made a signifi-cant and outstanding contribution toward ac-complishing the promise of Community Action’’ and is ‘‘devoted to changing people’s lives.’’ 
Mr. Strickland has devoted countless hours 
of his life to combating neighborhood violence and helping at-risk youth. He is seen in Knox-ville as a symbol of integrity. Among other causes he champions are the Howard Circle of Friends, a senior day-care group, and the Interfaith Health Clinic for the working poor. 
Mr. Speaker, Thomas ‘‘Tank’’ Strickland has 
spent his entire life in service to the neighbor-hood where he grew up. I call his work and dedication to the attention of my Colleagues and other readers in hopes that he will inspire many, many more in the years to come. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JAMES P. McGOVERN 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 11, 2015 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I was un-
avoidably absent on Thursday, December 10, 2015, as I was attending a funeral in my con-gressional district in Massachusetts. 
On Roll Call Vote Number 688, the Motion 
to Table the Appeal of the Ruling of the Chair on the Privileged Resolution offered by Ms. P
ELOSI of California to place on the calendar 
for an immediate vote H.R. 1076, the Denying Firearms and Explosives to Dangerous Terror-ists Act, had I been present I would have voted NO. 
f 
36TH ANNUAL RECOGNITION DAY 
OF CONCERNED WOMEN OF BROOKLYN 
HON. HAKEEM S. JEFFRIES 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 11, 2015 
Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
celebration of the 36th Annual Recognition Day of Concerned Women of Brooklyn. This organization has helped to make a difference in the lives of countless women, their families and communities in Brooklyn for decades. On December 12, 2015 at Giando’s on the Water in Brooklyn, NY, this year’s honorees will be celebrated for their invaluable service. 
The Concerned Women of Brooklyn are 
proud to honor 12 prominent individuals se-lected for distinguishing themselves in their chosen fields. Ms. Georgetta Belton, Director of Culinary Ministry at Bethany Baptist Church, Mr. Frank Boswell, Executive Director of Bushwick Economic Development Corporation, Mr. Edie Gonzalez-Devonish, Educational Di-rector of Two by Two Child Care, Dr. Ben-jamin Igwe, President and CEO of Family Service Network of New York, Mr. Winchester Key, President and CEO of East New York Urban Youth Corporation, Reverend Rose M. King-Bennett of Associated Minister Greater Bright Light Missionary Baptist Church, Ms. Judy D. Newton, independent consultant and community advocate and Reverend Marsha Scipio, Esq. Executive Director of Berean Community and Family Life Center are recipi-ents of Concerned Women of Brooklyn’s Ex-
cellence in Community and Civic Services. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 12, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K11DE8.003 E11DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1778 December 11, 2015 
Dr. Jonah Green, Medical Staff President of 
Woodhull Medical Center, Ms. Marcia Peters, JD, Senior Associated Executive Director at Bellevue Hospital Center and Dr. Ramanathan Raju, President and CEO of the New York City Health + Hospitals are recipients of Con-cerned Women of Brooklyn’s Excellence in Health Services and Ms. Jani Selestine Ahay, a New England College student is the recipi-ent of the Peggy Pinchback Scholarship Award. 
I commend these honorees for their dedica-
tion, commitment and contribution to serving the people of Brooklyn. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my other 
distinguished colleagues join me in celebrating the 36th Annual Recognition Day of Con-cerned Women of Brooklyn and these 12 won-derful honorees. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO STEVE CHAPMAN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 11, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Steve Chapman for being recognized by the Des Moines Business Record as this year’s Out-standing Volunteer Fundraiser. For over 20 years Steve has been relied upon in the great-er Des Moines metropolitan area as a trusted and effective fundraising leader. 
Among the many diverse contributions 
Steve has made to the Des Moines metro area, his fundraising acumen has been excep-tionally influential. In dedicating his time and talent Steve has successfully fundraised for organizations like ChildServe, Yes for Valley, Boy Scouts of America, Easter Seals, and the American Heart Association, to name a few. 
Steve has also played a key role in a num-
ber of important Des Moines initiatives, includ-ing the passage of the Polk County local op-tion sales tax. His willingness to serve and work on the behalf of others is a testament to his character. 
Mr. Speaker, it is with great honor that I rec-
ognize Steve today. It is Iowans like Steve that make me proud to be an Iowan and rep-resent our great state. I ask that my col-leagues in the U.S. House of Representatives join me in congratulating Steve for this out-standing accomplishment and in wishing him nothing but continued success. 
f 
CONGRATULATING LISA DRAKE 
UPON HER RETIREMENT 
HON. ANN WAGNER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 11, 2015 
Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Lisa Drake upon her upcoming retirement after 28 years with Monsanto. 
Since January 2007, Lisa has served as the 
Team Lead for U.S. State and Local Govern-ment Affairs for Monsanto. In that capacity, she has managed the company’s government affairs and community relations teams in all fifty states and Puerto Rico. She also has served as Secretary of the Board of Colorado Biosciences Association. Prior to working in Government Affairs, Lisa 
was Director of Public Affairs for Monsanto’s Agricultural Sector, managing global media re-lations and issues management for the com-pany’s leading herbicide, Roundup herbicide, and several of its biotechnology traits and seeds businesses. 
Before she joined Monsanto, Lisa earned a 
B.A. in technical journalism from Colorado State University and she worked for two trade associations in California. She also served as a reporter for several daily and weekly news-papers in Colorado, Mississippi and Alabama. 
As the Team Lead for U.S. State and Local 
Government Affairs, Lisa recruited, trained and developed an outstanding team of profes-sionals to represent Monsanto before local and state governments. She and her team have built deep and effective relationships with legislative bodies, elected officials, and grower organizations throughout the nation. While she has had many accomplishments, one of note is her development and implementation of a strategy to engage and partner with commu-nities around a number of Monsanto’s facili-ties. 
Throughout her career, Lisa has rep-
resented Monsanto with professionalism, grace, and class and has been a strong advo-cate for American agriculture and farmers. After relocating from St. Louis some years ago, Lisa and her husband Jack and two chil-dren, Sam and Amanda, live and work in Den-ver, Colorado. In retirement, Lisa and Jack are looking forward to traveling and pursuing their hobbies and philanthropic activities. I wish them the best as they begin this exciting new chapter in their lives. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO RICHARD AND 
BARBARA KUNZE 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 11, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Richard and Barbara Kunze of Griswold, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 65th wedding anniversary. They were married at the Lewis Methodist Church in 1950. 
Richard and Barbara’s lifelong commitment 
to each other and their children, Rebecca, Dennis, Brad and Dana, along with their grandchildren and great-children truly em-bodies our Iowa values. It is families like the Kunzes that make me proud to call myself an Iowan and represent the people of our great state. 
Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple 
on their 65th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO TED BEATTIE 
HON. RODNEY DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 11, 2015 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to commend Mr. Ted Beattie for his dedication to education and to con-
gratulate him on his retirement after twenty- one years with Shedd Aquarium in Chicago. 
For over two decades, Mr. Beattie has led 
Shedd Aquarium as its president and CEO, overseeing the aquarium’s largest expansion project and launching Shedd to its position as one of the country’s leading educational aquariums. 
Mr. Beattie began his career as a marketing 
and development director for the Cincinnati Zoo and eventually went on to lead zoos in both Tennessee and Texas before coming to Chicago in 1994. He is an active member of the American Zoo and Aquarium Association and formerly served as its president. 
As a respected leader in his field of marine 
science, Mr. Beattie was appointed by Presi-dent Bush to serve on the sixteen-member U.S. Commission on Ocean Policy, an initia-tive that has led to the creation of new ocean policies, such as pollution prevention efforts and the enhancement of marine science, com-merce, and transportation. 
A commitment to education has been one of 
Mr. Beattie’s top priorities in his years with Shedd Aquarium. The $45 million Wild Reef wing opened in 2003 and features one of the most diverse shark exhibits in the country. In 2009, during Mr. Beattie’s tenure, the renova-tion of Shedd’s Abbott Oceanarium marine mammal pavilion was completed—restoring one of Shedd’s favorite exhibits, beloved by teachers, students, and patrons of all ages. 
Under Mr. Beattie’s leadership, Chicago’s 
Shedd Aquarium has secured its reputation as a world-class aquarium, hosting millions of guests each year. Mr. Beattie’s commitment to marine education has undoubtedly contributed to Shedd’s excellence and I congratulate him on his many achievements and thank him for his work to make Shedd Aquarium one of Illi-nois’ most treasured attractions. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. KYRSTEN SINEMA 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 11, 2015 
Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 
687—Yes, rollcall No. 688—No, rollcall No. 689—Yes. 
I was unavoidably detained. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO GREENFIELD OIL 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 11, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Green-field Oil from Greenfield, Iowa. The company has reached an important milestone this year and I join them in celebrating their 100th anni-versary of providing goods and services to southern Iowa. 
Greenfield Oil’s doors first opened on Au-
gust 15th, 1915 by its owner, Frank Grounds. Since that time, three generations of family have owned and operated Greenfield Oil, fo-cusing on auto care and tires. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a great honor that I’m able 
to recognize Greenfield Oil and its hard-work-ing employees today for their dedication and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Dec 12, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A11DE8.006 E11DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1779 December 11, 2015 
perseverance through the years. I invite my 
colleagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives to join me in congratulating them on their 100th anniversary. I wish them noth-ing but continued success. 
f 
HONORING RYAN CHESTER, WIN-
NER OF THE BREAKTHROUGH JUNIOR CHALLENGE 
HON. JAMES B. RENACCI 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 11, 2015 
Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Speaker, I would like to 
congratulate Mr. Ryan Chester for his accom-plishment of being selected the winner of the Breakthrough Junior Challenge. Ryan is an extraordinarily talented senior from North Roy-alton High School, who competed against more than 2,000 applicants from across the world. The Breakthrough Junior Challenge is a competition that invites students ages 13–18 to submit videos that explain science, physics, and math concepts. 
With a bowl of popcorn, a brilliant mind, and 
some very creative video-editing skills, Ryan created a capturing visual to explain Einstein’s Special Theory in Relativity, and won first prize in this inaugural competition. 
As the winner of this competition, Ryan won 
a $250,000 scholarship, a $100,000 state-of- the art new science lab for North Royalton High School, and $50,000 for his AP Physics teacher Mr. Richard Nestoff. He also had the once in a lifetime opportunity to meet Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg, whose Silicon Valley Community Foundation co- hosted the event. 
Ryan’s ability to take his passion for both 
film and science and apply it in a setting out-side of the classroom on his own accord should be encouraged in schools throughout the country. As a nation, we are committed to advancing our understanding of science and applying it in a way that can impact the lives of all man-kind. I know we are in good hands as we continue to lead the way in new sci-entific breakthroughs and innovations that will define the 21st century with young scientists like Ryan. 
It is with great admiration I ask my col-
leagues in the House to join me in congratu-lating Ryan on his achievement, and wish him the best with all of his future endeavors. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO NORMAN AND 
SHIRLEY KAISER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 11, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Norman and Shirley Kaiser of Massena, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anniversary. They were married on October 2, 1965 at the Baptist Church in Knoxville, Iowa. 
Norman and Shirley’s lifelong commitment 
to each other, their daughter, Dori, and their grandchildren, truly embodies Iowa values. It is families like the Kaisers that make me proud to call myself an Iowan and represent the people of our great state. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple 
on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 11, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,775,084,981,439.86. We’ve 
added $8,148,207,932,526.78 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $8 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
CREW OF THE M.S. SHAHAN II 
HON. LEE M. ZELDIN 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 11, 2015 
Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I, along with my 
colleague Mr. C OURTNEY from Connecticut, 
rise today to honor the crew of the M.S. Shahan II . On September 14, 2015, a seem-
ingly normal work commute turned into a life or death rescue mission. Al Yeomans, Ship’s Mate; Cliff McGuigan, Ship’s Mate; Jeffrey Krause, Security; Meghan Jackson, Environ-mental Safety and Occupational Health Spe-cialist; Allyson Cooke, Document Control Spe-cialist; Jennifer Knight, Administrative Assist-ant; and Hector Lavarreda, Procurement Man-ager, all a part of the workforce at the Plum Island Animal Disease Center, sprang into ac-tion after spotting two boaters off the coast of Old Saybrook, Connecticut. 
Upon arriving at the scene, the crew saw 
the boaters clinging to the fender of their sink-ing vessel and not wearing life jackets, which meant that a timely rescue was critical. De-spite the rough conditions, Captain Peter Jor-dan managed to maneuver the ferry into posi-tion to deploy a rescue sling and hoist the boaters to safety. Once aboard, the crew rushed to protect the victims from hypothermia and shock. 
If not for the courageous efforts of the crew 
members, the story being told may have ended tragically. The actions undertaken by these crew members embody the spirit of American determination and the desire to help others when they need it most. It is important to recognize these individuals so that their selfless actions do not go unnoticed and can be commended by all. Today, we thank these crewmembers for their efforts and service to their communities. TRIBUTE TO MAIN STREET 
CORNING 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 11, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Main Street Corning. The group has reached an im-portant milestone this year and I join them in celebrating their 25th anniversary of working hard to improve the Corning local business community. 
The mission of the Main Street Iowa Pro-
gram is to improve the social and economic well-being of Iowa’s communities by assisting selected communities to capitalize on the unique identity, assets, and character of each historic commercial district. For 25 years, Main Street Corning has continued to successfully beautify the downtown and fiscally strengthen its businesses. 
Mr. Speaker, it’s an honor to represent Main 
Street Corning and its hard-working employ-ees and volunteers in the United States Con-gress. I invite my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in congratulating them on their 25th anniversary and in wishing them nothing but continued success. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF TED BEATTIE 
HON. MIKE BOST 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 11, 2015 
Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I join my Illinois 
colleagues in wishing Ted Beattie the best as he retires following a 21-year tenure as Presi-dent and Chief Executive Officer of Shedd Aquarium. Under Mr. Beattie’s leadership, Shedd Aquarium has prospered, growing into one of the largest indoor aquariums in the world. I thank him for his contributions to the State of Illinois. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 230TH ANNI-
VERSARY OF ROCKAWAY VAL-LEY UNITED METHODIST CHURCH 
HON. RODNEY P. FRELINGHUYSEN 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 11, 2015 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the Rockaway Valley United Methodist Church, located in Boonton Town-ship, New Jersey, as it celebrates its 230th Anniversary. 
Rockaway Valley United Methodist Church 
has been an active part of the Boonton Town-ship community since its founding in 1785. Through its weekly masses the church con-tinues to foster religious life. 
The United Methodist Church got its begin-
nings in the United States in 1784. The church spread through ‘‘circuit riders’’ who traveled spreading the word of God, and caring for His people. In 1785 the Rockaway Valley United Methodist Church was built as a center of wor-ship for this new religion. The current church 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Dec 12, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A11DE8.012 E11DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1780 December 11, 2015 
was built in 1842 by members of the founding 
families. In 1894 a slate roof was added, and the cupola was added in 1895–1900. There are 12 stained glass windows dating back to 1900 which were donated in honor of the founding members. The church is surrounded by a cemetery which dates back to the build-ing of the church. In 1976 the church building was added to the New Jersey Register of His-toric Places, and in 1977 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places. 
The Rockaway Valley United Methodist 
Church has helped the United Methodist com-munity celebrate and practice their beliefs. The church has also done much more for the community of Boonton Township. The church has served as a gathering place for the entire community. Boy Scouts of America Troop 69 has been using the church as a meeting place for 80 years. The church also plays host to a Christian drama school, and a weekly karate class. In 2014 the church donated over 400 pounds of food to the Interfaith Food Pantry. The Rockaway Valley United Methodist Church holds a weekly playgroup for children from birth to kindergarten along with their caregivers to foster a community among the small congregation. 
For Rockaway Valley United Methodist 
Church’s 230th Anniversary, I commend all of the pastors and committees of the Church. Since its founding, Rockaway Valley United Methodist Church has been supported by the people of Boonton Township; this is one of the main reasons why the church is still a big part of the community. After 230 years of out-standing service to the Boonton Township, I commend and congratulate Rockaway Valley United Methodist Church for all of its hard work and dedication. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask you and my colleagues 
to join me in congratulating the Rockaway Val-ley United Methodist Church, as it celebrates its 230th Anniversary. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DYLAN D ECLERCK 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 11, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate Dylan DeClerck for being recognized by the Des Moines Business Record as this year’s Outstanding Youth in Philanthropy. 
At a young age Dylan recognized that one 
of the most important aspects of life is giving back to others and helping those that need it most. For his part, Dylan founded the organi-zation Opportunity on Deck at the age of 16. This organization plays a key role in empow-ering youth by encouraging active lifestyles and athletics. Dylan’s organization has served over 500 children in Greater Des Moines and continues teaching young people the impor-tance of healthy living, teamwork and sports-manship. Opportunity on Deck gives youth who wouldn’t normally have a chance to par-ticipate in sports camps the ability to experi-ence them free of charge. 
Dylan’s willingness to serve others before 
himself has already made a long-lasting im-pact on the lives of hundreds of young people in the Greater Des Moines area. His dedica-tion to improving the community through vol-unteerism and civic engagement is a testa-
ment to his character. Today, Dylan attends Drake University as a marketing and finance student. Although he is busy with his studies he continues to volunteer what little extra time he has to serving others. 
Mr. Speaker, Dylan’s leadership and display 
of civic duty at such a young age gives me great hope for our nation’s future. It is Iowans like him who make me proud to call myself an Iowan and represent the people of our great state. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Dylan for receiving this out-standing recognition and in wishing him noth-ing but continued success. 
f 
HONORING BILL SNYDER FOR 36 
YEARS OF SERVICE TO BUCKS COUNTY 
HON. MICHAEL G. FITZPATRICK 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 11, 2015 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, congratula-
tions to Bucks County Treasurer William ‘‘Bill’’ Snyder for 36 years of honorable service to the people of Bucks County. Before his elec-tion in 1980, he served our country with the 31st infantry in Korea between 1951 and 1953. Upon his return to civilian life, he oper-ated and built a successful business and was a member of the International Operating Engi-neers Union. He is known for his local civic and community involvement, including serving on the Doylestown Township Planning Com-mission and later the Doylestown Township Board of Supervisors. As county treasurer, Bill Snyder has implemented many changes and efficiencies and was an active member of the County Treasurer’s Association of Pennsyl-vania. In addition, he held various leadership positions on the Bucks County Republican Committee. On this, the occasion of his retire-ment, we wish him many happy and healthy retirement years. 
f 
HONORING COMMANDER JOE 
GROOM 
HON. BILL FOSTER 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 11, 2015 
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the service of Commander Joe Groom of the Aurora Police Department. 
Since his appointment to the Aurora Police 
Department in 1989, Commander Groom rose through the ranks to become Investigations Di-vision Commander. He was a steadfast fixture in our community through his involvement in local organizations and constant engagement with his neighbors, fellow officers, and city offi-cials. 
Commander Groom was also an ambas-
sador for the City of Aurora, through his work with the International and Illinois Associations of Chiefs of Police, the Chiefs Associations in Kane, DuPage, and Kendall Counties, the Kane County DUI Task Force, the Juvenile Drug Court Advisory Committee, and the Au-rora Police Foundation. Beyond his involve-ment with law enforcement, Commander 
Groom held leadership positions in the Ex-change Club of Aurora, the Knights of Colum-bus Council 736, and Big Brothers Big Sisters of Kane and Kendall Counties. 
Commander Groom passed away on De-
cember 9, 2015, at the age of 50. Although his life was tragically cut short, his legacy of 26 years of selfless service will be felt by genera-tions of Aurorans. He will be remembered as a dedicated husband, father, and community leader. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO LARRY GILES 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 11, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Larry Giles, of Mount Ayr, Iowa, for being selected as a member of the Mount Ayr Community Hall of Fame. 
Larry was a 1958 graduate of Tingley High 
School and was hired as a junior high math teacher at Mount Ayr Schools in 1966. During his 29 years at Mount Ayr Schools Larry served in a number of different roles, includ-ing: elementary guidance counselor, special education coordinator, and eventually elemen-tary principal. Larry was closely involved in the reorganization of individual schools into Mount Ayr Community Schools. At one point, he was the principal of 13 buildings at the same time. Larry has served on the school board, South-western Community College Board, the Mount Ayr Foundation Board, and has been an active sports official since 1967. 
Mr. Speaker, Larry’s efforts embody the 
Iowa spirit and I am honored to represent him and Iowans like him in the United States Con-gress I ask that all of my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Larry for his distinguished career and wishing him nothing but continued success. 
f 
HONORING THE SERVICE OF 
CAPTAIN CARL A. LAHTI 
HON. JOE COURTNEY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 11, 2015 
Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor Captain Carl Lahti, United States Navy, as he concludes his service as the 50th Commanding Officer of Naval Submarine Base New London. On behalf of southeastern Connecticut, I thank Captain Lahti for his serv-ice, his leadership and his friendship to our re-gion. 
A native of Buffalo, New York, Captain Lahti 
graduated from the Naval Academy in 1989 and went on to serve in a number of capac-ities throughout the Submarine Force at sea and on shore. It was during his tour as Com-manding Officer of U.S. Naval Submarine Base New London, however, that I got the chance to work closely with Captain Lahti. In a region that follows developments on the base like a box score, Captain Lahti’s two and a half-year tour at the base was distinguished 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 12, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A11DE8.019 E11DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1781 December 11, 2015 
by a focus on the fundamentals of supporting 
the submarine force, a focus on the vitality and viability of the base, and deepening the connections between the base and its host community and state. 
Under Captain Lahti’s leadership the base 
undertook over $36 million in major infrastruc-ture projects and capital investment to improve the base’s operational infrastructure and the quality of life for sailors and their families. Most notably, Captain Lahti led the prepara-tions to return a new flag officer to SUBASE with the establishment of the new Undersea Warfighting Development Center. And, work-ing closely with the State of Connecticut, Cap-tain Lahti deepened the innovative relationship between the base and its host state through collaborative investment in new projects to im-prove the operations, training and security at the base. 
Beyond the nuts and bolts of base infra-
structure, Captain Lahti prioritized efforts to deepen the connection between the installa-tions and the surrounding community. Under his watch, the base community contributed thousands of community service volunteer hours in the region in local schools and orga-nizations. And Captain Lahti was instrumental in broader regional events such as the highly successful Coast Guard Birthday Salute event in August 2015. 
Captain Lahti was a fixture in the south-
eastern Connecticut community during his ten-ure at SUBASE New London, and the base was rightfully honored under his leadership. It is no wonder then that SUBASE New London was selected by the Mystic Chamber of Com-merce as Southeastern Connecticut’s ‘‘Em-ployer of the Year.’’ In addition, Captain Lahti’s leadership led SUBASE New London to earn the SECNAV Energy Gold Award, Gal-ley 5-star Award, and the CNO Environmental Restoration Award. 
As you might imagine, a close working rela-
tionship with the Commanding Officer of the base is a prerequisite for anyone representing eastern Connecticut in Congress. However, I consider myself privileged to have worked so closely with Captain Lahti not just in his ca-pacity as a Navy officer, but as a friend. He and his team have never been more than a phone call or email away, and the connection between his office and mine has been nothing short of a two-way street. I am grateful for his time, his advice, his counsel and most of all, his unflagging commitment to Connecticut’s base and the sailors and submarines stationed at it. 
Leading a major installation like SUBASE is 
a team effort, and no one was a more impor-tant part of Captain Lahti’s team than his wife Lisa. She was actively involved in the sur-rounding community, attending a wide range of events for non-profit organizations, pro-moting charitable activities of all different stripes. Both Carl and Lisa are devoted par-ents to Benjamin, Nathaniel, Samuel, Abra-ham, Rebehka, and Katheryn, who also have been frequent guests at community events. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask all my colleagues to join 
me in thanking Captain Lahti for his service to SUBASE New London and our nation, and in wishing him and his family, ‘‘fair winds and fol-lowing seas’’ as they move on to new chal-lenges. COMMENDING REGINA MEREDITH 
HON. H. MORGAN GRIFFITH 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 11, 2015 
Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Speaker, today I com-
mend Regina Meredith, Salem High School’s counseling coordinator, who was recently named Counselor of the Year by the Virginia Counselors Association. 
Regina studied at Radford University, where 
she earned her bachelor’s degree as well as two master’s degrees. She began her career at Carroll County High School, where she taught English. Regina also worked in Hillsville, Roanoke, and Christiansburg as a special education teacher. 
She began her counseling career in 2000 in 
Christiansburg, where she also taught English, prior to joining the staff at Salem High School in 2005. In 2012, Regina was named Salem High’s teacher of the year, and in 2014 she was named the Roanoke Area Counseling As-sociation’s Member of the Year. 
‘‘Regina is an exemplary educator and her 
work ethic, her professionalism, her innovation and, most importantly, her love for and service to others are models for both students and her colleagues,’’ said Salem High School principal Scott Habeeb in the Roanoke Times. ‘‘Without a doubt, we meet the needs of Salem’s young people more effectively as a result of Regina Meredith’s influence on our school.’’ 
I ask that my colleagues join me in recog-
nizing Regina Meredith for her years of dedi-cation to our nation’s young people. I appre-ciate her hard work, and congratulate her for this tremendous accomplishment. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DAN AND JOAN 
HOLLINGSWORTH 
HON. KEN CALVERT 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 11, 2015 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor and pay tribute to a couple whose com-mitment to each other and to the Riverside County, California community is exceptional. Today, Dan and Joan Hollingsworth will be celebrating their 60th wedding anniversary. This couple has spent their lives raising a beautiful family and serving their local commu-nity. 
Dan and Joan were married in Pomona, 
California in 1955 at the First Baptist Church. After moving to San Jacinto, California in 1960, the couple established Dan’s Dairy, a dairy farm that also featured a cash and carry storefront. Dedicated to his business and the greater farming industry, Dan joined the Board of Directors of the Riverside County Farm Bu-reau after being asked to serve. Dan later went on to serve as the President of the Farm Bureau Board from 1976 to 1978. Dan also worked as a District Representative for Con-gressman Victor Veysey. 
Like her husband, Joan was also very in-
volved with the community over the years. She served on the Riverside County School District Organization, as well as many school, 
church and charitable organizations. Together Dan and Joan have four children; Bettina Lou-ise, Marcella Joan, Leonard Daniel, and Den-nis Clark, 17 grandchildren, and 16 great- grandchildren. 
Dan and Joan are still both very active com-
munity members. They have owned and oper-ated JoDan Farms, a wholesale tree nursery, in Murrieta, California since 1989. Dan also has served as the Chair of the Riverside County Republican Party. In 1989, Dan was chosen to be the recipient of the Bob Howie Award for Outstanding Service to Riverside County Agriculture. More recently, he was also selected to receive the Myra Goldwater Life-time Achievement Award in recognition of his many contributions to the Riverside County community. 
Dan and Joan’s tireless passion for their 
family, community service and giving back has contributed immensely to the betterment of the community of Riverside County, California. I am proud to call Dan and Joan close friends, fellow community members and great Ameri-cans. Today, I add my voice to the many who will be congratulating them on the celebration of their 60th wedding anniversary. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JOHNNY DANOS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 11, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate Johnny Danos for being recognized by the Des Moines Business Record with the Spirit of Philanthropy Award. Johnny has been a longtime supporter and volunteer for numerous local charities and or-ganizations. 
For years Johnny has dedicated his time 
and talents to promoting the greater good. He has volunteered his efforts to organizations like the United Way of Central Iowa, Broadlawns Advocacy Center for Mental Health, Above and Beyond Cancer, Iowa Soci-ety of Economic Success, and the Des Moines Symphony, to name a few. Johnny has utilized his unique relationship-building skills to im-prove the community. 
Johnny’s willingness to serve others before 
himself has made a long-lasting impact on the community. His dedicated leadership on a va-riety of philanthropic boards and organizations cannot be understated. The philanthropic work Johnny has put in over the years has ad-vanced the Des Moines metropolitan area in ways that were previously thought to be unachievable. 
Mr. Speaker, Johnny’s display of civic duty 
throughout his life is admirable and gives me great hope for our nation’s future. It is Iowans like him who make me proud to call myself an Iowan and represent the people of our great state. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Johnny for receiving this out-standing recognition and in wishing him noth-ing but continued success. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 12, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A11DE8.024 E11DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1782 December 11, 2015 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ANN M. KUSTER 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 11, 2015 
Ms. KUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I wish to clarify 
my position for a vote cast on December 11, 2015 on passage of H.R. 2250 and the Con-ference Report to Accompany H.R. 664, Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015. 
On Roll Call Vote Number 693, I did not 
vote. It was my intention to vote ‘‘No.’’ 
While I believe H.R. 644 makes some 
meaningful steps toward combatting unfair trade practices, negative provisions in the bill related to climate protection, and a lack of strong currency provisions make me unable to support the legislation. The conference report strips language that was included in the Sen-ate-passed version of H.R. 644 that would have allowed for the application of counter-vailing duties to address currency manipula-tion. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO STEVE BUCCI 
HON. MARK WALKER 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 11, 2015 
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, Steve Bucci has 
served his country in over 40 years in war and peace. From his first days at West Point, Steve has dedicated his life to protecting this nation. After a distinguished military career, he served as a Deputy Assistant Secretary of De-fense and most recently as the head of na-tional security research at the Heritage Foun-dation. Steve launched the Foundation’s Index of U.S. Military Strength, the most comprehen-sive and authoritative annual assessment of the state of the armed forces. He is a recog-nized world expert on security matters from cyber security to terrorism. Most importantly, he is one of Washington’s premier mentors of our future—our young professionals. We all owe him a thank you for a lifetime of putting his nation first. 
f 
HONORING THE WORK OF TED A. 
BEATTIE 
HON. LUIS V. GUTIE´RREZ 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 11, 2015 
Mr. GUTIE ´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor the work of Ted A. Beattie and wish him the best as he embarks on the next chap-ter of his life, retirement. 
Ted Beattie has served for more than two 
decades as President and CEO of Shedd Aquarium, one of the largest aquariums in the world. It has also ranked as the top paid cul-tural attraction in Chicago for seventeen of the twenty-one years. This was due in large part to Mr. Beattie’s leadership. 
He led two noteworthy and record breaking 
fundraising efforts, raising almost $100 million in funds for Shedd Aquarium, demonstrating his ability to inspire support for Shedd and its diverse, global animal collection. His leader-
ship for the aquarium, housed in an architecturally beautiful setting, also helped promote 21st-century advances in animal care, environments and interpretation. 
For 35 years he devoted his life to animal 
conservation and education. He holds degrees from Ohio State University (OSU). After com-pleting his education, he went on to serve on the OSU Provost’s External Advisory Board on Teaching, the Advisory Board for the School of Journalism and Communication and the OSU Major Gifts Committee. 
I know that I speak for many when I say 
that Ted Beattie will be deeply missed. His de-votion and professionalism, his focus on eco-nomic security for Shedd Aquarium, and his entire career are truly one of a kind. Mr. Speaker, I ask the entire House of Represent-atives to join me in honoring Mr. Ted Beattie for his extraordinary leadership and commit-ment to animal conservation. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE OPENING OF 
THE NEW FIRE DEPARTMENT AT PICATINNY ARSENAL 
HON. RODNEY P. FRELINGHUYSEN 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 11, 2015 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate Picatinny Arsenal on opening a renovated, historic firehouse on the military installation. 
Picatinny Arsenal, located Morris County, 
New Jersey, has been a leader in developing cutting edge guns and ammunition for all branches of the United States Armed Forces since its founding as a powder depot in 1880. Home to over 6,000 employees including civil-ians, military personnel, and contractors, Picatinny Arsenal’s portfolio comprises ninety percent of the Army’s lethality and all conven-tional ammunition for joint warfighters. 
Building 3316, home of a new fire depart-
ment, was originally built in 1903 as a Dutch- colonial structure. Before serving as a fire house it was a horse stable, and later a ga-rage for the Lake Denmark Naval Ammunition Depot. By 1945 the building was converted to a dormitory and fire department for the Navy. In 1962 Army firefighters moved into the build-ing, and it remained a fire headquarters until 2009. In 2010 the building was repurposed to serve as an outdoor recreation facility. Now after renovations, the fire department is mov-ing back in, and creating a third fire depart-ment for the installation. 
The building was selected as a location for 
a new fire department after the Fire Chief’s assessment showed a need for a new depart-ment to better serve all three fire zones. The creation of this department has resulted in the hiring of 16 new firefighters. Many surrounding towns rely on the fire services provided by the arsenal for mutual aid. Due to the dangerous mission of Picatinny Arsenal, all firefighters are trained in a variety of situations including medical response, chemical, biological, radio-logical, and nuclear situations. The opening of this building will help the Picatinny Fire De-partment to better serve its community. 
First responders are the backbone of our 
communities, and Picatinny is lucky to have such a well-trained fire department at its dis-posal. While we all hope the fire department 
does not see too much action, at least we all know they are ready for every crisis. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me in thanking and 
recognizing the Picatinny Arsenal Fire Depart-ment and its firefighters for their dedicated service, and wish them continued success with their new department. 
f 
CONGRATULATING BLACKSBURG 
MAYOR RON RORDAM 
HON. H. MORGAN GRIFFITH 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 11, 2015 
Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Speaker, today I con-
gratulate Blacksburg Mayor Ron Rordam, who was recently approved by the Virginia Munic-ipal League to serve as its president for one year. 
‘‘My theme as president is ‘Live Local,’ ’’ 
Rordam said in a statement released by the Virginia Municipal League. ‘‘This means every-one should support our local businesses, schools, and neighborhoods. It’s how we sup-port our citizens. And, within that broad con-cept, I will focus on ways we can influence education affecting our youngest citizens to give them every advantage to succeed in the future. To have strong communities, we must have a work force that is flexible and nimble. Early childhood education is one of the most important keys to ensuring that our localities can compete for those future jobs.’’ 
I congratulate Mayor Rordam on this ac-
complishment, and look forward to continuing to work with him and other local officials in an effort to further the growth of our area’s econ-omy and improve its quality of life. 
f 
HONORING TED BEATTIE 
HON. JANICE D. SCHAKOWSKY 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 11, 2015 
Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to thank Ted Beattie, the CEO of Shedd Aquarium for his decades of service and to wish him well as he retires. Ted has had an incredible impact on the Shedd Aquarium, the Chicago community, and marine wildlife around the world. My family and I have spent many enjoyable hours at Shedd Aquarium. 
Ted joined Shedd Aquarium in 1994. Under 
his leadership Shedd has added 6 permanent exhibits. His work brought creatures of the Caribbean Reef to Chicago, including sharks, stingrays, and of course, coral. He also brought us the Stingray Touch exhibit, which allows children of all ages to come in direct contact with these incredible creatures—with no risk of harm, of course. 
Ted was instrumental in the re-imagining of 
the Oceanarium. There, Shedd Aquarium guests can experience the coast of the Pacific Northwest and the dolphins, sea lions, and ot-ters that make it their home. 
Ted’s work extends beyond Chicago and 
the shores of Lake Michigan. Under his lead-ership, Shedd established the Daniel P. Haerther Center for Conservation and Re-search. The center includes a portfolio of 18 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 12, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A11DE8.028 E11DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1783 December 11, 2015 
global field research programs that help us un-
derstand and protect threatened marine life. 
I thank Ted for all he has done to help us 
bring the amazing wildlife of Earth’s oceans to Chicago. He has helped introduce millions of Chicagoans and visitors to the incredible crea-tures living beneath the ocean’s waves. I am especially grateful for all he has done to pro-tect marine animals around the world. 
f 
FIRST RESPONDER IDENTIFICA-
TION OF EMERGENCY NEEDS IN DISASTER SITUATIONS 
SPEECH OF  
HON. STENY H. HOYER 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, December 10, 2015 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I’m pleased to 
rise in support of H.R. 2795, the First Re-sponders Identification of Emergency Needs in Disaster Situations (FRIENDS) Act, which was introduced by my friend Rep. S
HEILA JACKSON  
LEEof Texas. That her bill is expected to be 
approved with overwhelming bipartisan sup-port, including from Chairman M
IKEMCCAULof 
the Homeland Security Committee, ought to surprise no one, because Rep. J
ACKSON LEE 
has worked tirelessly on behalf of America’s first responders to move this legislation through the House. Her legislation would launch a study of best practices and state of preparedness of state and local response agencies with the aim of improving safety and access to lifesaving resources. 
This bill recognizes the important role first 
responders play in communities throughout our country. We must ensure that these men and women have the resources they need to perform their jobs safely and effectively. We’ve witnessed the courage of first responders, from the September 11 attacks to the Boston Marathon bombings and at last week’s deadly shooting in San Bernardino, California. We see it every day all over our nation. 
I’ve been incredibly proud to support first re-
sponders as Co-Chair of the Congressional Fire Services Caucus, and I want to thank Rep. S
HEILA JACKSON LEEfor her work to 
bring the FRIENDS Act to the Floor. I also want to thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for their support for this legislation in committee and in the full House. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO R. KELLY BRYANT, 
JR. 
HON. G.K. BUTTERFIELD 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 11, 2015 
Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I rise and 
ask my Colleagues to join me in paying tribute to R. Kelly Bryant, Jr., a friend and constituent who passed away on December 6, 2015 at the blessed age of 98 years old. It is worth noting that his date of death was the 150th Anniversary of the Ratification of the 13th Amendment to the U. S. Constitution which le-gally abolished slavery in America. 
Mr. Speaker, Kelly Bryant enjoyed a full life. 
He graduated from Hampton University, with a concentration in accounting. Following gradua-tion, Mr. Bryant worked for historic North 
Carolina Mutual Life Insurance Company from the 1940’s until his retirement in 1981. His true passion, however, was documenting the history of African American citizens in the City and County of Durham. 
Mr. Bryant’s contribution to the Durham 
Community is boundless. He worked tirelessly in many endeavors, including obtaining a his-toric marker at the site of the Royal Ice Cream sit-in in 1957, saving Geer Cemetery (one of Durham’s oldest African American burial grounds) and the completion of a pedestrian bridge over the Durham Freeway, in order to connect black neighborhoods that were sepa-rated by the highway. The bridge was later named in honor of R. Kelly Bryant, Jr. 
Mr. Bryant believed strongly in preserving 
Durham’s African American history. He col-lected over 2,500 funeral programs, obituaries, and birth announcements. His archive is so valuable that the Durham County Library cur-rently hosts the R. Kelly Bryant, Jr. Collection as an online exhibit. 
In addition to his work as the local historian, 
Kelly Bryant was a leader in his community, serving the Durham Business and Profes-sional Chain for 49 years; charter member of the Durham Human Relations Commission, served 37 years as a scoutmaster, and was a member of the Durham chapter of the NAACP. One of his greatest passions was his membership and active participation with the Most Worshipful Prince Hall Grand Lodge, 
Free and Accepted Masons of North Carolina and Jurisdictions, Inc. 
Mr. Speaker, Mr. Kelly Bryant also devoted 
his life to historic White Rock Baptist Church (founded in 1866) in Durham, North Carolina. He was very spiritual in all of his endeavors and embraced the teachings of our Heavenly Father. He served as a Church Trustee for 55 long years. 
Mr. Bryant’s work did not go unnoticed, he 
was recognized with many awards and hon-ors, including certificate of acknowledgment and congratulations for his many activities from the North Carolina House of Representa-tives, NAACP ‘‘Freedom Fund Dinner Award’’, Silver Beaver Award from the Boy Scouts of America for ‘‘Distinguished Service to Boy-hood’’, the first African American recipient of the Bartlett Durham Award, and an appoint-ment as the honorary grand master of the Most Worshipful Prince Hall Grand Lodge of Free and Accepted Masons of North Carolina and Jurisdiction. 
Finally R. Kelly Bryant, Jr. is survived by his 
son, R. Kelly Bryant, III; his daughter, Sandra Artelia Bryant-Yubwannie, of Durham, North Carolina; a sister Maggie Bryant (age 100) and five wonderful grandchildren, Keith Bryant, Korey Bryant, Mykel Bryant Moore, Yohanna Yubwannie and Raevin Bryant. Mr. Bryant was preceded in death by his spouse of 69 years, Artelia Melba Tennessee Bryant, who was his co-worker at North Carolina Mutual Life Insur-ance Company and was the matriarch of their family. Mrs. Artelia Bryant was the descendant of the legendary Darden family of Wilson, North Carolina. 
Mr. Speaker, I am so proud to pay tribute to 
such an outstanding American legend. His leg-acy will live on for generations. EXTENDING BIRTHDAY WISHES TO 
HIS MAJESTY: KING BHUMIBOL ADULYADEJ OF THAILAND 
HON. DANA ROHRABACHER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 11, 2015 
Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to join the people of Thailand in extend-ing my warmest wishes to King Bhumibol Adulyadej on the occasion of his 88th birthday on December 5, 2015. During his nearly 70 year reign so far, King Bhumibol Adulyadej has remained a steadfast leader through his commitment to democracy, economic develop-ment, and Thai prosperity. 
I am grateful for his continued commitment 
to a strong and long-lasting relationship be-tween the United States and the Kingdom of Thailand. Having had the distinct honor of meeting with King Bhumibol, I have admired his efforts to bring peace, prosperity, and sta-bility for the Thai people. 
It is my pleasure to join our Thai friends in 
recognizing this special day and wishing King Bhumibol Adulyadej a long life of good health and happy 88th birthday. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JAMES P. McGOVERN 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 11, 2015 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I was un-
avoidably absent on Thursday, December 10, 2015 as I was attending a funeral in my dis-trict. On Roll Call Vote Number 687, on the bill H.R. 3578, the DHS Science and Technology Reform and Improvement Act of 2015, had I been present I would have voted yea. 
On Roll Call Number 689, on H.R. 2795, the 
FRIENDS Act, had I been present I would have voted yea. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THE HONORABLE 
TERRY BRANSTAD, GOVERNOR OF IOWA 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 11, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
recognize and congratulate Governor Terry Branstad for his service to Iowa. On Decem-ber 14, he will break a 200 year-old record, set by Revolutionary War General and New York Governor, George Clinton, becoming the longest-serving Governor in American history. 
Born and raised in a small town in rural 
Iowa, Governor Branstad’s roots in our state run deep. He has spent his life immersed in Iowa politics and elected office. His storied po-litical career stretches back five decades. It began in 1973, when he was first elected to the Iowa House of Representatives. Governor Branstad served in the Iowa House until 1979, and then a single term as Lieutenant Governor before winning the gubernatorial election in 1982, at the age of 36. 
Governor Branstad served four consecutive 
terms and guided Iowa through one of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 12, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A11DE8.033 E11DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1784 December 11, 2015 
toughest times in our state’s history—the 
1980’s Farm Crisis. During this time, Governor Branstad worked to diversify Iowa’s economy. Today, Iowa’s economic strengths include ag-riculture, advanced manufacturing, renewable energy, technology, and financial services, among other things. By the time he left office in 1999, Iowa’s unemployment rate was at an impressive low of 2.2%. 
After leaving office, Governor Branstad en-
tered the private sector, becoming President of the Des Moines University in 2003. In Octo-ber 2009, displeased with the condition of the state, Governor Branstad felt called to serve once more. He won the 2010 election, and got to work balancing the state budget, lowering the unemployment rate, improving Iowa schools, increasing government transparency and accountability, and enhancing opportuni-ties for Iowans. 
Governor Branstad has dedicated his life to 
serving Iowans. He unapologetically promotes Iowa and he is a true leader—willing to make tough decisions and fighting for what he be-lieves is best for our state. He is a man of in-tegrity and keeps his promises to Iowans. Governor Branstad’s strong work ethic, down- to-earth demeanor, and accessibility are rea-sons Iowans admire him. Since he was first elected Governor of Iowa, he has visited all 99 counties in our state, every year, to hear di-rectly from Iowans about their concerns. 
Mr. Speaker, Governor Branstad has dedi-
cated his life to improving the lives of Iowans. It is with great honor I recognize him for reaching this historic milestone. I ask my col-leagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives to join me in congratulating Gov-ernor Branstad for this outstanding accom-plishment and in wishing him nothing but con-tinued success. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 100TH ANNI-
VERSARY OF PEQUANNOCK EN-GINE COMPANY NO. 1 
HON. RODNEY P. FRELINGHUYSEN 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 11, 2015 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize the 100th Anniversary of Pequannock Engine Company No. 1 located in the Township of Pequannock, Morris Coun-ty, New Jersey. 
On April 2, 1915 at the Mandeville Inn, the 
de facto town hall, a formal fire department was proposed. A few weeks later, 13 men had signed up to form the organization. Through chowder parties, card games, the issuance of $5 bonds culminating in a raffle where the first 
prize was a pig, the fire department had enough funds to purchase a barn to act as headquarters. Unfortunately this barn caught fire and destroyed much of the fire depart-ment’s equipment. The volunteers rebuilt the firehouse at its current location on Jackson Avenue. Since its rebuilding, Engine Company No. 1 has been serving the town without pause. 
In 1938, Engine Company No. 1 responded 
to a call at the First Reformed Church of Pompton Plains, one of the oldest churches in the nation and one where George Washington prayed with his troops during the Revolu-tionary War. Even without fire hydrants and water mains, Engine Company No. 1 was able to save the stone walls of the church. In 1957, Engine Company No.1 spent a week fighting a fire at the factory complex of the Pequannock Hard Rubber Co. in Butler, NJ. The fire company has transformed into one that is equipped to handle a multitude of dis-asters. As the world has evolved, Engine Company No. 1 has kept pace. With Pequannock’s location in the flood plains, the engine company is well prepared for flood res-cues and evacuations as well as heavy rescue situations. Firefighters are also trained to han-dle chemical and biohazard situations. 
Along with training programs geared to-
wards our 21st Century world, Pequannock Engine Company No.1 has recently acquired a new 2015 Pierce Quint ladder truck and pumper to replace a 20-year-old truck. This truck will provide much needed flexibility and will allow the engine company to better serve the needs of the town in times when there are a limited number of fire fighters available. En-gine Company No. 1 has continued to rise to the occasion over the years, keeping up with the latest training and necessary equipment. 
Pequannock Engine Company No. 1 has 
been able to maintain a high standard with the help of the Pequannock residents. For its 100th Anniversary the engine company has planned a ‘‘wet down’’ for the new truck, and an open house for members of the public. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me in thanking and 
recognizing the Pequannock Engine Company No. 1 and its firefighters for 100 years of dedi-cated service to the Township of Pequarmock. COMMENDING THE RADFORD HIGH 
SCHOOL GIRLS VOLLEYBALL TEAM 
HON. H. MORGAN GRIFFITH 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 11, 2015 
Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Speaker, it is my pleas-
ure to commend the Radford High School girls volleyball team, which recently captured the Virginia High School League 1A state title. The Bobcats rallied from behind for the win, sweeping the last three games in order to beat a valiant team from Auburn High School in Montgomery County by one game. 
According to the Roanoke Times, this is 
Radford’s first volleyball state championship since it won the AA title in 1984. I applaud the hard work by all members of this year’s Radford High School girls volleyball team, and congratulate the administrators, teachers, coaches, parents, students, and fans. In par-ticular, I would note the efforts of coach Rob-ert Morris, who announced after the match that he is resigning with the completion of this season. Congratulations on a great end to this season. 
f 
IN REMEMBRANCE OF COUNCILOR 
SIDDHI SAVETSILA 
HON. DANA ROHRABACHER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Friday, December 11, 2015 
Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in remembrance of Siddhi Savetsila, a great steward for the Thai people and a long- time friend of the United States. I am deeply saddened to hear about his passing last week at the age of 96. I extend my condolences to his family and the Thai people. Thailand has lost an honorable public servant. 
His leadership as a Royal Thai Air Force of-
ficer, Minister of Foreign Affairs, Deputy Prime Minister, and member of King Bhumibol’s Privy Council was a testament to his commit-ment for the betterment of the Thai people. Moreover, the honor of his appointment to the Privy Council by the king highlighted the re-spect he has earned. 
On behalf of my wife Rhonda and me, and 
my colleagues who have had the privilege of knowing Councilor Savetsila, I extend my most sincere condolences to Councilor Siddhi’s family and the people of Thailand. May you find comfort during this difficult time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Dec 12, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A11DE8.038 E11DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D1312 Friday, December 11, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate was not in session and stands ad-
journed until 3 p.m., on Monday, December 14, 2015. Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 9 public 
bills, H.R. 4237–4245; and 2 resolutions, H. Con. Res. 101; and H. Res. 564 were introduced. 
                                                                                    Pages H9306–07 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H9307–08 
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval 
of the Journal by voice vote.                 Pages H9274, H9297 
Unanimous consent agreement: Agreed by unani-
mous consent that the question of adopting a motion to recommit on the conference report to accompany H.R. 644 may be subject to postponement as though under clause 8 of rule 20.
     Pages H9286, H9295 
Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015: The House agreed to the conference report to 
accompany H.R. 644, to reauthorize trade facilita-tion and trade enforcement functions and activities, by a recorded vote of 256 ayes to 158 noes, Roll No. 693.
                                                                          Pages H9275–97 
Rejected the Doggett motion to recommit the 
conference report to the committee of conference with instructions to the managers on the part of the House, by a yea-and-nay vote of 172 yeas to 239 nays, Roll No. 692.
                                          Pages H9295–96 
H. Res. 560, the rule providing for consideration 
of the conference report to accompany the bill (H.R. 644) and providing for consideration of the Senate amendments to the bill (H.R. 2250) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 236 ayes to 174 noes, Roll No. 691, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 236 yeas to 177 nays, Roll No. 
690.
                                                                          Pages H9275–86 
Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2016: The House agreed to the Rogers (KY) motion to concur in the Senate amendments to H.R. 2250, making appropriations for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, by voice vote.
                                                                          Pages H9295–96 
H. Res. 560, the rule providing for consideration 
of the conference report to accompany the bill (H.R. 644) and providing for consideration of the Senate amendments to the bill (H.R. 2250) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 236 ayes to 174 noes, Roll No. 691, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 236 yeas to 177 nays, Roll No. 690.
                                                                          Pages H9275–86 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that 
when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 12 noon on Tuesday, December 15th for Morning Hour debate.
                                                                Page H9299 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate 
today and appears on page H9286. 
Senate Referrals: S. 2308, S. 142, and S. 2393 were 
held at the desk. S. 993 was referred to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. S. 209 was referred to the Committee on Natural Resources and the Committee on Energy and Commerce.
                                   Page H9286 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes and 
two recorded votes developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H9285, H9286, H9296, H9296–97. There were no quorum calls. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Dec 12, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D11DE5.REC D11DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1313 December 11, 2015 
Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-
journed at 2:22 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, 
DECEMBER 14, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
No meetings/hearings scheduled. 
House 
No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Dec 12, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D11DE5.REC D11DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1314 December 11, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
3 p.m., Monday, December 14 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: After the transaction of any 
morning business (not to extend beyond 5 p.m.), Senate will begin consideration of the nominations of Alissa M. Starzak, of New York, to be General Counsel of the De-partment of the Army, John Conger, of Maryland, to be a Principal Deputy Under Secretary of Defense, Stephen P. Welby, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary of Defense, and Franklin R. Parker, of Illinois, to be an As-sistant Secretary of the Navy, and vote on confirmation of the nominations at approximately 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
12 p.m., Tuesday, December 15 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: To be announced. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
House 
Bost, Mike, Ill., E1779 
Butterfield, G.K., N.C., E1783 Calvert, Ken, Calif., E1781 Capps, Lois, Calif., E1774 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E1779 Courtney, Joe, Conn., E1780 Davis, Rodney, Ill., E1778 Duncan, John J., Jr., Tenn., E1777 Fitzpatrick, Michael G., Pa., E1780 Foster, Bill, Ill., E1780 Frelinghuysen, Rodney P., N.J., E1779, E1782, E1784 Fudge, Marcia L., Ohio, E1775 Griffith, H. Morgan, Va., E1781, E1782, E1784 
Gutie ´rrez, Luis V., Ill., E1782 
Hoyer, Steny H., Md., E1783 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E1773 Jeffries, Hakeem S., N.Y., E1777 Katko, John, N.Y., E1776 Keating, William R., Mass., E1774 Kuster, Ann M., N.H., E1782 McGovern, James P., Mass., E1777, E1783 Miller, Jeff, Fla., E1773, E1776 Pitts, Joseph R., Pa., E1777 Price, David E., N.C., E1775 Renacci, James B., Ohio, E1779 Rohrabacher, Dana, Calif., E1783, E1784 Ryan, Tim, Ohio, E1774, E1776 
Schakowsky, Janice D., Ill., E1782 Scott, David, Ga., E1776 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E1773 Shimkus, John, Ill., E1775, E1776 
Sinema, Kyrsten, Ariz., E1778 Wagner, Ann, Mo., E1778 Walker, Mark, N.C., E1782 Webster, Daniel, Fla., E1775 Wittman, Robert J., Va., E1774 Young, David, Iowa, E1777, E1778, E1778, E1778, E1779, 
E1779, E1780, E1780, E1781, E1783 
Zeldin, Lee M., N.Y., E1779 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Dec 12, 2015 Jkt 059060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D11DE5.REC D11DEPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST