Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H5595 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, JULY 29, 2015 No. 121 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was 
called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. F
LEISCHMANN ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO 
TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, 
July 29, 2015. 
I hereby appoint the Honorable C HARLES J. 
FLEISCHMANN to act as Speaker pro tempore 
on this day. 
JOHNA. B OEHNER , 
Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 6, 2015, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. 
The Chair will alternate recognition 
between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. morn-ing-hour. 
f 
TRANSPORTATION FUNDING 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, 
predictably, Congress is sidestepping the transportation funding issue for the 34th time with yet another short- term extension, this one until the end of October. 
No nation has become great building 
its infrastructure 3 months, 8 months, 10 months at a time. This is a symbol of the failure of Congress and the last two administrations to deal meaning-
fully with the need to rebuild and renew America. 
Our country is falling apart as we fall 
behind. We all can remember the days when the United States had the finest infrastructure in the world. Well, those days have long since passed. By any ob-jective measure, we are now down about 25th in the world, and we con-tinue to fall further. 
This failure has consequences for 
Americans every single day. The aver-age damage to a car is over $500 a year in maintenance costs due to poor road conditions, more than $125 billion a year to the economy with congestion, being stuck in traffic. 
Because of poor road conditions, in-
frastructure failures, and an inability to keep pace with growth, there are people being killed and injured every day across America. It doesn’t have to be this way. 
The failure to get a 6-year reauthor-
ization, which we haven’t had since 1998, is due to one simple fact: Congress is still trying to pay for 2015 infrastruc-ture with 1993 dollars. 
The solution is simple. Over three 
dozen Members of Congress have co-sponsored legislation to raise the gas tax for the first time in 22 years, legis-lation that is supported by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, AFL–CIO, local government, transit, environmental-ists, contractors, the largest collection of groups supporting any major issue before Congress. 
It is a solution that was advocated by 
President Ronald Reagan when he led the effort in his administration to raise the gas tax 125 percent. It is a solution that has been embraced by six red Re-publican States already this year. 
The latest failure to slide into the 
end of October could actually be our salvation. I have personally lobbied President Obama to call for an end to this charade. The President believes in infrastructure and every year has of-fered up an approach from his perspec-
tive. 
I would urge the Congress and all of 
us to draw one final red line. This Oc-tober 31 deadline ought to be it. Let Congress stew. Let things grind to a halt if we don’t do our job. 
The gas tax legislation is already 
written and can be approved if the Ways and Means Committee and the Senate Finance Committee would deal with it for a week. 
It is a simple one-page bill. It is not 
necessary to tie ourselves in knots. And then, if we give a number to the authorizing committee, in a matter of weeks, they can develop that 6-year bill that would make such a difference. 
We could meet the President’s dead-
line, have this done once and for all, put hundreds of thousands of people to work at family-wage jobs all across the country, improving the quality of life, making our communities more livable, our families safer, healthier, more eco-nomically secure, and stop playing with gimmicks that highlight our dys-function. 
Let’s prove to the American public 
and, more importantly, to us that we can actually function the way things were designed, using a user fee that is perfectly attuned to road needs that have served us well for over half a cen-tury. 
So, please, Mr. President, why don’t 
you make it clear that you are going to call an end to this charade. Give Con-gress 3 more months to do our job. It doesn’t need any more. 
We operate from cliff to crisis. Dead-
lines are simply an alarm clock to get started. Well, this particular alarm clock could start ticking now if you are calling a halt to our continued irre-sponsibility. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-
bers are reminded to direct their re-marks to the Chair. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.000 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5596 July 29, 2015 
IRAN-NORTH KOREA 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, a 
bad deal is a bad deal under a Repub-lican President or a Democratic Presi-dent. This Iran nuclear deal is a bad deal because we have seen this movie before. We know how it ends. 
I have repeatedly stated that Iran 
has been following the North Korean playbook on exactly how to extract concessions from the United States and the international community while si-multaneously continuing to improve its nuclear program, expand its infra-structure, and support its illicit activi-ties. 
Many analysts have made the same 
observations, including Alan Dershowitz in a Jerusalem Post article last week. 
It is not just how the process un-
folded and how the international com-munity fell for the tricks of the rogue regimes that are so scary. 
Because, obviously, Iran saw North 
Korea as having been the victors in its battle over its nuclear program; so, naturally, it would want to replicate that. 
But it is alarming and striking just 
how similar the rhetoric is between President Clinton’s announcement of a nuclear agreement with North Korea and President Obama’s announcement of a nuclear agreement with Iran. 
Let’s look at the similarities that 
Mr. Dershowitz noted between Presi-dent Clinton’s remarks in 1994 and President Obama’s from earlier this month. Then, Mr. Speaker, it will be easy to understand why so many of us oppose this nuclear deal. 
In 1994, President Clinton said that 
the North Korea agreement will make the U.S., the Korean Peninsula, and the world safer. Earlier this month President Obama said that this deal will bring about change that makes the U.S. and the world safer and more se-cure. 
In 1994, President Clinton assured the 
world that the North Korea deal ‘‘does not rely on trust. Compliance will be certified by the International Atomic Energy Agency.’’ 
Last week President Obama pro-
claimed, ‘‘This deal is not built on trust. It is built on verification.’’ 
President Clinton predicted—as we 
now are painfully aware, inac-curately—that the North Korea agree-ment would be ‘‘a crucial step toward drawing North Korea into the global community’’ and predicted the end of the rogue regime’s isolation. 
Similarly, last week’s statement 
poses that the Iran deal ‘‘offers an op-portunity to move in a new direction’’ because we have taken a different path that ‘‘leads to more integration into the global economy, more engagement with the international community, and the ability of the Iranian people to prosper and thrive.’’ And, of course, there was the spu-
rious promise to an ally to assuage them that we didn’t just put their na-tional security in jeopardy. 
First, President Clinton reaffirmed 
our commitment to protect South Korea. Now, President Obama, already knowing that Israel vehemently ob-jects to this deal and feels as though this gives Iran—an existential threat to its existence and a regime that has promised to wipe the Jewish state off of the map—the ultimate weapon to achieve its goals, promises to ‘‘con-tinue our unprecedented effort to strengthen Israel’s security, efforts that go beyond what any American ad-ministration has done before.’’ 
Not only are these empty words, Mr. 
Speaker, but they are disingenuous to boot. 
When the North Korea deal was 
reached, one of the most significant flaws was that it failed to dismantle any of North Korea’s nuclear infra-structure. 
The deal was designed merely to 
delay the North Korean bomb, not pre-vent it. That is what this nuclear deal with Iran is designed to do. 
We saw what happened with North 
Korea, and we can be sure that Iran plans to follow suit. 
The totality of this deal hinges on a 
bet by the administration and the rest of the P5+1 that the Iranian regime will see the error of its ways and wants to be part of the global community and forsake its support for terror and other illicit behavior. 
That is a dangerous gamble to make 
with U.S. national security, and it is not a gamble that I or any one of us should be willing to take. 
That is why, Mr. Speaker, we must 
reject this deal and demand a better deal or else reimpose the sanctions and use the only thing, the only tactic, that Iran understands—strength—to force it to abandon its nuclear ambi-tions. 
f 
PUERTO RICO 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. GUTIE ´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, yes-
terday I spoke about Puerto Rico’s debt crisis and how there must be a sense of urgency because, without ac-tion, bondholders will be paid, but teachers, cops, and nurses won’t. 
I want to continue today and make 
two points. Number one, let’s not let bondholders bleed Puerto Rico at a dis-count. Number two, let’s work together on what unites us, not what divides us. 
Because the only way we will make 
any progress is if the people of Puerto Rico come together to make a plan and demand that the Congress of the United States work with Puerto Rico on Puerto Rico’s plan. 
Without consistent and persistent 
pressure from Puerto Rico, Washington will do nothing, as both the adminis-tration and the Congress are content to let the bondholders on Wall Street call 
the tune. 
We all know Washington should start 
with H.R. 870, the bankruptcy bill. It is simply a bill that will allow Puerto Rico to declare bankruptcy and re-structure its debt within the U.S. legal system. 
This would allow an orderly and fair 
restructuring of the debt in a court of law. It is an important step, but will not solve all of Puerto Rico’s problems. 
What Puerto Rico should do right 
now is demand to know what Wall Street vulture capitalists are paying for the bonds. 
We hear a report that the bonds are 
selling for 15 and 20 cents on the dollar, yet the bond owners want a full dol-lar’s worth of interest. 
I say Puerto Rico should pay interest 
based on the price the billionaires ac-tually paid and that they should dis-close this amount, just as a congress-man does in this Congress every time we make an investment. 
Then Puerto Rico can service its debt 
based on what was paid to buy the debt. I came here to protect people, not the profits of billionaires on Wall Street. 
Secondly and most importantly, for 
the time being, we must set aside poli-tics and get away from the smoke-screen of the status issue in Puerto Rico. 
Whether Puerto Rico should be a 
State, an independent nation, or re-main a commonwealth cannot be the priority right now before this Congress. 
If everyone leaves Puerto Rico—and 
they are leaving by 5,000 a month—it will not matter what kind of govern-ment is left behind. 
Mr. Speaker, nobody should use the 
current debt crisis as an opportunity to score political points for their party. 
At a time when the people of Puerto 
Rico must be clear, precise, and uni-fied, the status issue divides Puerto Ricans. 
I read in The New York Times the ar-
gument of the Resident Commissioner of the Statehood Party that the only solution to Puerto Rico’s problems is to make it a State. 
Really? That is going to solve the 
debt crisis? The power crisis? The pub-lic employees’ pension gap crisis? The Medicare Advantage budget crisis? 
We should be working together to fig-
ure out how Puerto Rico is going to pay teachers and honor their pensions, how we will make sure health care is delivered to all and bridges do not col-lapse. A statehood bill is not going to provide housing, create a job, or heal a sick child. 
When Members of Congress ask me 
about Puerto Rico, they ask me: Which is it? Is it statehood? Do you want a bankruptcy bill? Do you want more Medicaid? 
We have to prioritize. We have to be 
clear and put aside the status issue. Please, we need to work together. 
I would like to use my remaining 
minute to restate my call to action in Spanish. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JY7.003 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5597 July 29, 2015 
(English translation of the statement 
made in Spanish is as follows:) 
Politics and divisions could destroy 
the chances of forcing Washington to help resolve Puerto Rico’s debt crisis. 
Puerto Rico must have a common 
plan that has support across all of the parties, and most importantly, across the Island. 
The Governor must find a way to 
work with the Resident Commissioner and the Resident Commissioner cannot view this crisis as a campaign tool for higher office. 
Puerto Rico will only be helped by 
this Congress if and when there is a consistent and persistent call on Con-gress by Puerto Ricans to act. And Puerto Ricans need to specify what they expect Congress to do. 
The Bankruptcy Bill is only part of 
it. If we still have the Jones Act and the same economy and economic pros-pects as we have now, we will not ad-vance. 
The people must tell Wall Street that 
Puerto Rico is not some store to be looted and that the Puerto Rican peo-ple will not sit and starve as Wall Street counts its profits. 
If Wall Street is buying bonds at a 
discount, they should be paid at a dis-count. 
But most importantly, we have to 
work together for the betterment of Puerto Rico. And we cannot let polit-ical divisions over statehood divide us. 
I commit to putting aside my own 
passionate feelings about Puerto Rico’s 
status and working with other Puerto Ricans in the Congress and other lead-ers in both Parties who will help us. But we must first come together, begin helping ourselves, and have a clear plan. 
La polı ´tica y las divisiones podrı ´an 
destruir las posibilidades de obligar a Washington a ayudar a resolver la cri-sis de la deuda de Puerto Rico. 
Puerto Rico debe de tener un plan 
comu´n que cuente con el apoyo de 
todos los partidos y sobre todo, a trave´s de la Isla. 
El Gobernador debe encontrar una 
manera de trabajar con el Comisionado Residente y el Comisionado Residente no puede ver esta crisis como una herramienta en sus campan ˜as para un 
puesto ma ´s alto. 
El Congreso so ´lo ayudara ´a Puerto 
Rico siempre y cuando haya un llamado constante y persistente de los puertorriquen ˜os exigiendo que el 
Congreso cumpla. Y los puertorriquen ˜os tienen que indicar lo 
que esperan de parte del Congreso. 
La Legislacio ´n de Bancarrota es so ´lo 
una parte. Pero si todavı ´a tenemos la 
Ley Jones y la misma economı ´a y 
perspectivas econo ´micas que tenemos 
ahora no avanzaremos. 
El pueblo debe decirle a Wall Street 
que Puerto Rico no es una tienda para ser pirateada y que el pueblo de Puerto Rico no esperara ´a morir de hambre 
mientras Wall Street cuenta sus ganancias. 
Si Wall Street esta ´comprando bonos 
con descuentos, deben ser pagados con descuentos. Pero sobre todo, tenemos que 
trabajar juntos por el bien de Puerto Rico. Y no podemos dejar que las divisiones polı ´ticas sobre la estadidad 
nos dividan. 
Me comprometo como siempre lo he 
hecho a poner a un lado mis propios sentimientos sobre el estatus de Puerto Rico y a trabajar con otros puertorriquen ˜os en el Congreso y otros 
lı´deres en los dos Partidos que este ´n 
dispuestos a ayudarnos. Pero primero tenemos que unirnos, empezar a ayudarnos a nosotros mismos, y tener un plan claro. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman from Illinois will provide a translation for the R
ECORD . 
f 
b1015 
SOUTHERN PIPING COMPANY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. H
OLDING ) for 5 
minutes. 
Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize an outstanding fam-ily business in my home State of North Carolina. 
When Southern Piping Company 
opened in 1965, it had two employees and a loan from the Small Business Ad-ministration. The two employees were Peggy Williford and her husband, Buren, who was one of the first li-censed mechanical contractors in North Carolina—SPC, a classic family business, with all three of Peggy and Buren’s sons—Chris, Mark, and Tim— continuing to lead the company. 
Since 1965, the Willifords and the 
SPC family have weathered recessions and hard times, and over the years, through good old-fashioned hard work, they have grown. 
Starting with one office in Wilson, 
SPC has expanded their plumbing, heating, and air-conditioning business to four offices statewide, and their SPC trucks are a familiar sight on the roads across North Carolina, but the biggest story is the family they have built through SPC, today providing jobs to 450 people. 
When it came to building the com-
pany, Buren Williford always had a commonsense philosophy. He said: ‘‘Successful companies look for like- minded people to do business with.’’ 
Today, Southern Piping Company is 
adopting a new name—SPC Mechan-ical—to more accurately describe its growth and success. The Williford fam-ily still practices the old-fashioned principles of integrity, safety, and giv-ing back to their community, for ex-ample, by offering young employees scholarships to attend nearby Barton College. 
This year represents a landmark for 
the Williford family. They have now been in business for 50 years. It is my pleasure today to recognize the accom-plishments of Peggy and Buren Williford. RECOGNIZING CONNIE JEAN 
HUMPHREY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
INOJOSA ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. HINOJOSA. Mr. Speaker, I am 
proud to rise to recognize my longtime chief of staff, Connie Jean Humphrey, who is retiring after a long and distin-guished career on Capitol Hill. 
It is an honor and a privilege to rec-
ognize Connie’s many years of service and achievements. She has proven her-self as a talented and dedicated public servant, who has made innumerable contributions in the service of my con-stituents residing in Texas’ 15th Con-gressional District along the Rio Grande Valley. 
Connie has compiled a long list of ac-
complishments throughout her career and as a senior member of my staff, and she has earned an impeccable rep-utation on Capitol Hill among her peers and my colleagues in the Texas congressional delegation with whom she has worked very closely in support of our mutual objectives for our great State of Texas. 
Connie brought an array of talents 
and experience as my chief of staff. She has a thorough understanding of Fed-eral policy, particularly in the areas of health care, education, transportation, the environment, and on women’s issues. 
She is fluent in many other policy 
areas important to my constituents in the valley, and she has been an invalu-able source of guidance and counsel during my appointments on the House Education and the Workforce Com-mittee, as well as on the Financial Services Committee. 
Connie approaches her position as 
the leader of my office with the train-ing and detail-oriented scrutiny of an attorney, who graduated from the Uni-versity of Maryland, and with the pol-icy expertise of a congressional aide who served in staff leadership positions for nearly three decades. 
She was instrumental in helping me 
lead the Workforce Innovation and Op-portunity Act of 2010, which is aiding organizations like Workforce Solu-tions, based in McAllen, Texas, and is committed to the success of the em-ployers and workforce of the Rio Grande Valley by matching them with skilled, productive employees and up-grading the skills of their current workforce. 
Connie has been particularly effec-
tive in helping me address urgent needs in deep south Texas. Latino students aspiring to attain the dream of a col-lege education are that much closer to realizing their hopes, thanks to Connie’s involvement, resulting in pas-sage of the Higher Education Oppor-tunity Act and the student loan and healthcare reconciliation bill of 2010, among the largest investments in high-er education since the GI bill, particu-larly for Latino- and minority-serving higher education institutions in our country. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JY7.003 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5598 July 29, 2015 
This crucial legislation also created 
an unprecedented healthcare system that complements the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act of 2010 that Connie also played a major role in helping shepherd through the Edu-cation and the Workforce Committee, and that is now providing millions of Americans with affordable health care who previously had no coverage. 
Mr. Speaker, it is with much more 
than coincidence that the high school graduation rate in my congressional district has accelerated—from 55 per-cent to 85 percent—during Connie’s tenure as my chief of staff. 
This sharp increase has lifted up a 
generation of young Latinos, who are making significant contributions to our communities and regional econ-omy; and it is a direct result of Connie’s advocacy and leadership con-tributing to the passage of each of these four aforementioned bills. 
These public laws constitute my col-
lection of framed legislation in my congressional office that I was very proud to pass as either chairman or ranking member of the Higher Edu-cation and Workforce Training Sub-committee with Connie at the helm of my office. 
I am also indebted to Connie for her 
tireless efforts in helping me facilitate two new international land bridges de-signed to stimulate commercial activ-ity, economic growth, and stability to the Rio Grande Valley. 
Her intimate knowledge of transpor-
tation policy was a key element in the process culminating in the approval of Presidential permits that paved the way to open the Donna-Rio Bravo and the Anzalduas International Bridges. 
Similarly, Connie was influential in 
securing $300 million in Federal invest-ments for floodway levee improve-ments along the Hidalgo County, Texas, and Mexican borders. 
We still remember the impact of Hur-
ricane Dolly in 2008 that brought be-tween a foot and 15 inches of rain to the Valley. Hurricane Ike followed shortly thereafter, with storm surges as high as 20 feet and caused almost $20 billion in damages. 
My district would have been more 
highly susceptible to damage and our residents even more imperiled if the levees were breached by a hurricane or heavy rains without this assistance. As a result, hundreds of millions of dol-lars’ worth of property were spared during the landfall of Hurricane Alex in 2010, when the Rio Grande River crested to a record of 59 feet. 
In the wake of economic crisis, 
Connie led my team in preparing our communities to apply for assistance that ultimately received over half a billion dollars for Hidalgo County alone under the ARRA. 
Mr. Speaker, I am saddened to lose 
Connie as a trusted and beloved mem-ber of my staff, but I am happy for her as she embarks upon a new endeavor as the senior vice president of public and community relations and special coun-sel of the Doctors Hospital at Renais-
sance, where she will continue to serve my constituents and be uniquely posi-tioned to help the hospital deliver and expand the reach of health care to un-derserved communities and economi-cally disadvantaged families. 
I wish to, again, thank Connie Hum-
phrey for all of her hard work, stead-fast commitment to the people of south Texas, and for her skillful management of my staff and congressional offices. 
On behalf of the 15th Congressional 
District of Texas, I congratulate Connie for her excellent service and for a job very well done. 
f 
25TH ANNIVERSARY OF AMERI-
CANS WITH DISABILITIES ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
OSTELLO ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, this past Sunday was a spe-cial and historic day. It marked 25 years since the Americans with Dis-abilities Act was signed into law. 
The ADA has had a profound impact 
on our country and its citizens. It speaks to the best about our country; toward forming a more perfect union, it aims to provide equal opportunity for those who have a disability. 
This anniversary, I feel, allows us to 
reflect on something that unites us; that is it is estimated that one in five Americans is living with a disability. Disabilities affect individuals in every congressional district in this country, in every State, in every neighborhood. It touches the lives of everyone—race, gender, income. No demographic is ex-empt from disability. 
This law provides hope for those who 
have a disability and offers promise that opportunities exist for self-fulfill-ment. 
On both a philosophical and practical 
level, it stands for the proposition that providing reasonable accommodations to those with a disability is how a civil society addresses an imbalance borne through no fault of the individual. 
The law and its legislative, regu-
latory, and judicial progeny enables us to address issues such as public trans-portation, housing, education, and so-cial services in a more thoughtful, proactive, effective, and humane way. While there is no doubt that substan-tial progress has been made, I am not here on the House floor to say that our work is done—because it isn’t. 
Thanks to the law, about 50 million 
Americans have been helped, and that doesn’t include their families and loved ones who can point to how laws do matter and can make a positive im-pact. 
Let’s focus on the challenges that we 
still confront that relate to access and opportunity on holding up the standard of self-sufficiency for individuals with a disability and looking at how public policy can be shaped to help achieve this standard for disabled Americans. The crux is often that time between 
ending in the classroom and looking for employment opportunity. 
Just yesterday, I met with Abilities 
in Motion, a Berks County organiza-tion in my district that provides out-standing services to individuals and families in Berks County. 
During our discussion, I heard from 
individuals and parents who, through grit and determination, were able—and are able—to navigate the complex maze of programs and services and funding streams to coordinate care-givers, transportation, and employ-ment in the postacademic world. 
Let’s focus on streamlining and bet-
ter integrating these programs and funding streams, and let’s focus on en-couraging job opportunities for dis-abled individuals who want to work and build a meaningful career. 
b1030 
Let’s also focus on improving trans-
portation options so that individuals who want to work are able to get to work without difficulty. 
Let’s continue to set forth and ad-
vance good policy, like the ABLE Act from the last Congress, which will en-courage individuals and families to save tax-free dollars to help finance the costs associated with disabilities. 
I am grateful for the tireless work of 
Abilities in Motion and other organiza-tions that serve families and individ-uals in my district, such as the Na-tional Federation of the Blind, The Arc Alliance, the Disability Rights Net-work, and the Pennsylvania Statewide Independent Living Council. These or-ganizations, their employees, and their volunteers work day in and day out to improve everyday lives. 
Last, let’s also thank the families 
who sacrifice for their loved ones who have disabilities, and let’s recognize the courage and the hard work of those who have disabilities as they endure every day to become self-sufficient. It really speaks to what is great about this country. 
Everyone out there who suffers from 
a disability and who wakes up every day with optimism and purpose, you are to be commended. You are the American success story. 
Mr. Speaker, over the past 25 years, 
the ADA has increased accessibility and has empowered millions of Ameri-cans with disabilities. It is important to acknowledge the progress, but it is also important to recognize that there are still challenges that we should ad-dress from a public policy perspective. We must continue our efforts, in a bi-partisan manner, to advance policy that keeps us a step ahead and that meets the needs of disabled Americans today and tomorrow. 
f 
RICKETY PATCHWORK 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. N
ORTON ) 
for 5 minutes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JY7.005 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5599 July 29, 2015 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, work on 
the Nation’s bridges, highways, and transit has all but stopped because of 34 patch extensions that keep every-thing—except patchwork—on hold. 
Today, the House is rushing out of 
town early, leaving a new 3-month patch. This time, though, the Repub-lican House is scrambling out of the Capitol, literally, to get away from the Republican Senate, which had been trying for a 6-year bill. The Republican House’s ‘‘my way or the highway’’ was addressed to the Republican Senate, and the public be damned—and it worked. The Republican Senate has given up on the Nation’s infrastruc-ture, too. The Republican Senate an-nounced this morning that it will ac-cept the House’s 3-month patch. Six months of control of the House and Senate by the Republicans has made Congress even more dysfunctional. 
The new House 3-month patch has 
nothing to do with roads and bridges. Who knows what will get done this time? House Republicans see political goals at the end of their 3-month road, when the must-pass highway bill could serve their purposes, such as the usual, if dangerous, dispute over an extension of the debt ceiling. 
Yet, Republican and Democratic 
States alike keep meeting their obliga-tions under the State-Federal partner-ship. Eighteen States and the District of Columbia have raised their gas user fees, going as high as 10-cent increases in Iowa and in Wyoming; but the roads, bridges, and transit remain stalled be-cause the Federal partner keeps drop-ping out. More than half of the funds for a nationwide system that connects our States with one another comes from the Federal trust fund. 
During the 34 patch delays, not a lick 
of work on a final bill has been done except the Senate’s current try at a 6- year bill. There have been no serious talks here on alternatives to the gas user fee, although it long ago was swal-lowed by today’s hard-won fuel effi-ciency that leaves the transit trust 
fund thirsty for a refill after a year and a half or so. 
Democrats, however, have offered 
four alternatives to the current user fee, which is the legacy of the Eisen-hower years. House Republicans have offered none. Congress has refused to raise the Federal user fee since 1992, adding to the woes of the 1950’s method we use to pay for our roads. 
The Republican House runs out of 
town today to hide from the Repub-lican Senate. As they run home, I can only hope they run into the arms of their own angry constituents on their own rickety roads. House Republicans can run, but they can’t hide from the broken down bridges, roads, and transit they will use back home. DEMAND FOR TRANSPARENCY IN 
THE REGULATORY AND RULE-MAKING PROCESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. H
ARDY ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. HARDY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in order to address a concern that anyone who has ever owned or has run a business truly understands—the negative effects of unchecked govern-ment regulations on our American economy. 
No matter how large or small, Fed-
eral regulations are being added each day into law by the hundreds—and even sometimes by the thousands—most of which are not directly approved by Congress. 
By allowing Washington bureaucrats 
to continue to stuff the overwhelming number of regulations into congres-sionally passed legislation, we are es-sentially handing over authority to the Federal agencies for them to legislate as they please. It is our job in Congress to oversee these regulations as they are being generated in order to provide that our constituents are not left be-hind. 
During this Congress, we have made 
great strides in reforming the regula-tions process in order to help the econ-omy grow. A great example of that oc-curred yesterday with the passage of the REINS Act. There should be no question that any regulation that makes an annual impact of $100 million on the economy should require con-gressional approval before it can be-come law. 
As my colleagues are aware, a copy 
of the day’s Federal Register is deliv-ered to each of our offices daily. This book provides a hard copy of every new regulation that ranges from environ-mental protection to labor standards, to health guidelines, to restrictions on financial institutions. 
Last year, the Federal Register con-
tained over 77,000 pages, with 3,554 new regulations. Even though this large number of pages is absurd, it was only the sixth highest page count in the Federal Register’s history. As of this morning, the 2015 Federal Register sits at over 45,000 pages. 
It is unthinkable to me that the most 
important document—the Constitu-tion—can fit on 39 pages, in this little book. In comparison, this is the July 13 edition of the Federal Register. It is 627 pages, and it is only one of three edi-tions from that day alone. 
Mr. Speaker, when is enough enough, 
and when does it become too much? 
The continual expansion of our gov-
ernment through a vast number of reg-ulations causes our economy to become as shaky and unstable as the Federal Registers that are stacked up in my of-fice from this year, which is unaccept-able and very concerning. 
An even larger issue comes from how 
the general public is made aware of these proposed rules and the oppor-tunity to voice one’s concerns on the rules. While we are provided with a daily index of rules and new regula-
tions through the Federal Register, the American taxpayers, for whom we work, are left in the dark. 
Since these regulations do not take 
into account the economic impact that is placed on American businesses and families, each new regulation can lead to lower wages, job losses, and higher prices for goods. In 2014, Federal regu-lations cost American families an esti-mated $1.88 trillion in financial burden, representing, roughly, $15,000 per household. This cost is also larger than Canada’s economy, is larger than Mexi-co’s economy, and is larger than the economies of Australia, Russia, Spain, and South Korea, just to name a few. In fact, the economies of only nine na-tions in the world are larger than the cost of our regulations. 
Although all sized businesses and in-
dustries feel the effects of government regulations, it is the small businesses that face greater adversity from regu-lations due to costs attributed to com-ply. In addition to compliance costs, limited comment periods, and a lack of information pertaining to how they make their opinions heard, business owners are usually those who end up being left out in the cold. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in de-
manding more transparency in the reg-ulatory and rulemaking process be-cause it is our duty to our constitu-ents. 
f 
GIVING SENIORS A MEDICARE 
BIRTHDAY PRESENT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. G
RAYSON ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Speaker, 50 years 
ago this week, President Lyndon John-son signed the law that created Medi-care and Medicaid—the most important healthcare programs in our country’s history prior to the Affordable Care Act. With one stroke of his pen, Presi-dent Johnson guaranteed both poor Americans and older Americans the right to high-quality, affordable med-ical treatment. 
Thanks to Medicare, for 50 years 
now, our seniors have received the health care they have needed to stay healthy and to live full lives; but de-spite the success, there are gaps in Medicare coverage that need to be closed. The most glaring gap is the fact that Medicare does not provide basic medical coverage for seniors’ eyes, ears, and teeth. It is as though Medi-care assumes that seniors don’t need to see or to hear or to chew. 
We are not talking about exotic, 
high-tech treatments. We are talking about no Medicare coverage for eye-glasses, eye exams, hearing aids, cavity fillings, and dentures. We are talking about no treatment for medical condi-tions that lead to blindness, deafness, 
lost teeth, and serious gum disease, which has been strongly linked to heart disease. It is unthinkable that we deny our seniors this elementary level of care. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JY7.022 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5600 July 29, 2015 
There are 2.7 million seniors in 
America who are blind. How many of them would be able to see today if they had received simple annual eye exams as part of their Medicare coverage? 
Medicare is a promise that we make 
to ourselves—the young to the old, one generation to the next. The promise is that, after you reach your 65th birth-day, your medical needs will be met. To keep that promise, our seniors have paid into the system, in some cases for a half a century, before they receive a single earned benefit. They deserve the best care we can provide for them. 
This week, to honor the 50th anniver-
sary of this lifesaving program we call Medicare, I am introducing the Seniors Have Eyes, Ears, and Teeth Act. This bill will amend title XVIII—the Medi-care provision of the Social Security Act—to repeal the arbitrary exclusion of eyeglasses, eye exams, hearing aids, hearing exams, and dental care from Medicare coverage. Two short lines in the U.S. Code have barred that cov-erage for 50 years. I simply delete those lines. I urge my congressional col-leagues to enact this quick, easy, and necessary reform. 
Medicare should provide health cov-
erage for every part of your body, in-cluding eyes, ears, and teeth. Over 50 million Americans enjoy Medicare cov-erage. To celebrate the 50th anniver-sary of Medicare, let’s guarantee to 50 million Americans the health care they need in order to look into the eyes of the ones they love, to see our Fourth of July fireworks each year, and to hear it when freedom rings. 
f 
b1045 
EMBRACE TRADE OPPORTUNITIES 
WITH ASIA 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. P
AULSEN ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, earlier 
this summer Democrats and Repub-licans came together to pass a trade authorization bill that set the stand-ards for any trade deal that the United States negotiates with other countries. 
It guarantees oversight by Congress, 
it guarantees transparency for the pub-lic, and it guarantees that our nego-tiators have the opportunity to get the best deal for our workers, our farmers, our ranchers, and our employers. 
This week trade negotiators from 12 
different countries around the Pacific Rim are meeting in Hawaii for negotia-tions with the Trans-Pacific Partner-ship. It is a deal that will open doors for American businesses to sell their products overseas and create jobs right here at home. 
Mr. Speaker, the fact of the matter is 
this: 95 percent of the world’s con-sumers live outside of the United States; 80 percent of the world’s pur-chasing power is outside of the United States. 
We need to allow our American com-
panies to compete and to be able to sell their products and goods and services 
or we will fall behind. 
In addition, these negotiations will 
allow America to act as a counter-weight to the growing influence of China in the region. 
If the United States doesn’t write the 
rules for the global economy, China will step in and write them, and it won’t be to the benefit of American workers and businesses. 
Mr. Speaker, while Congress and the 
American people should and will vet any deal that results from the current Trans-Pacific Partnership negotia-tions, it is important to understand what a successful agreement will mean here at home. 
For starters, it means boosting pay 
and higher wages. That is because jobs that rely on trade pay 18 percent high-er than those jobs that don’t. It also means boosting job growth right here in America. That is because one in five jobs are tied to trade. 
In Minnesota, Mr. Speaker, 775,000 
jobs are currently supported by trade, and new trade with Asia will enhance and support that opportunity to build on new success. 
It also means boosting our country’s 
small- and medium-sized businesses. In Minnesota, 90 percent of these small businesses are the companies that ex-port goods and services. 
Now, that being said, there is still a 
lot of work that needs to be done by our negotiators to make sure they reach an agreement that is best for the American people. We need cooperation from the other countries that are in-volved in these negotiations. 
Canada needs to step up to the plate 
on tariff and quota issues dealing with their dairy and their egg industries. Japan needs to step up on agriculture issues. 
Progress still needs to be made to en-
sure that American intellectual prop-erty is protected. However, with com-mitment from our trading partners, I am confident that we can overcome these remaining hurdles. 
Mr. Speaker, we need trade deals 
where everyone benefits and everyone follows the rules. We live in an inter-connected world, and we should be em-bracing opportunities that open more markets for American goods and serv-ices. 
It is time to show the world that 
America will continue to lead the way in the 21st century global economy. 
f 
REMEMBERING DIRECTOR ROBERT 
PARKER OF MIAMI-DADE COUN-TY POLICE DEPARTMENT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. W
ILSON ) for 5 minutes. 
Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today with a heavy heart. I am deeply saddened by the death of former Miami-Dade County Police Director Robert Parker. I extend my sincerest sympathies to his family at this dif-ficult time. Director Parker was a friend and a 
true humanitarian. Throughout his ca-reer in law enforcement with the Miami-Dade County Police Depart-ment, he was committed to making south Florida a safer place to work, to live, and to visit. He was well respected and celebrated, and he fought to create opportunities for men and women of color. 
As a longtime mentor and leader of 
the 5000 Role Models of Excellence Project, Director Parker worked close-ly with me to save at-risk minority boys and young men. 
His impact is evident by the thou-
sands of success stories of Role Model boys who, under his mentorship, have gone on to college and thriving careers. The 5000 Role Models of Excellence Project in south Florida owes Director Parker a huge debt of gratitude. 
Director Parker testified before Con-
gress on behalf of violence in the Black community. He testified before Con-gress about the tragic death of Trayvon Martin. He went on to be fea-tured on CNN, MSNBC, and all of our local TV shows. 
Because of his knowledge, he went on 
to serve as a consultant for cities all 
over this country. Our boys and our community were so very, very proud of this wonderful role model. 
Mr. Speaker, Director Parker adored 
his family, his sweet, sweet grand-children, his daughter, Kalika, his son, Robert, Jr., his son, Kyron, and his de-voted wife and the love of his life, Veronica. 
Our great Nation has lost a patriot 
who lived to embody the principles of equality, justice, and freedom upon which America is founded. To fully un-derstand our loss, you must first under-stand the treasure that we all shared in Director Parker. 
Director Parker showed a bright in-
tellect and caring nature, growing up as a child in the rural community of Monticello, Florida. 
He bravely served in the United 
States Army. He joined the Miami Po-lice Department in 1976, when it was still known as the Dade County Police Safety Department. He was a bright and eager young officer who wanted to make his community safer. 
Mr. Speaker, Director Parker was an 
officer’s officer. He worked hard, and he made great sacrifices for his career through the love and support of his family. 
He enjoyed a storied rise up the lad-
der of police leadership because of his determination to solve crimes. He was affectionately called ‘‘Bobby’’ by his friends and colleagues, but he was also nicknamed ‘‘Marathon Man.’’ 
He famously earned that name by 
giving a foot chase to catch one of the most notorious thieves in Miami-Dade County history. 
The suspect had consistently eluded 
capture because he was too crafty and fast for most officers, but not too fast for Robert Parker. 
His determination is what set him 
apart from others. He did not view his 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JY7.008 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5601 July 29, 2015 
responsibility to his community as an 
adjective, something that was hard or tedious. However, he saw it as a verb. It was something that he had to do. 
He was never concerned about the 
spotlight or awards, but his dutiful na-ture and bravery made it almost im-possible to deny him recognition. 
Mr. Speaker, Director Parker’s serv-
ice to south Florida and our Nation had an underlying theme that per-meated everything he did: his love for his community. 
He understood that the best police of-
ficers are not the police who wore the badges, but the best police officers were the people who paid their mort-gages, who sent their kids to school, and who worked hard to build their community. 
Residents were always quick to ig-
nore the false notion of no snitching and gave Director Parker information that solved crimes. 
His sense of community and respect 
eventually led to his promotion to di-rector of the Miami-Dade Police De-partment in 2004. His appointment was historic by his being the very first Af-rican American to hold that post, and he opened the door for many others to follow. 
Dade County has the largest police 
force in the southeast United States, leading over 4,700 sworn and civilian employees. 
As director, he worked to create a 
more diverse agency and create oppor-tunities for minorities and women. He was an exemplary leader and even earned the respect of the police union. 
He retired in 2009 after 33 years. Our 
mentors look up to him. His absence will create a huge void. 
Mr. Speaker, America has lost an 
iconic law enforcement officer. His leg-acy will live in the hearts of all of us forever. My remarks will be entered into the official C
ONGRESSIONAL  
RECORD , and they will then be perma-
nently placed in the Library of Con-gress. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE 
A message from the Senate by Ms. 
Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has agreed to without amendment a concurrent resolution of the House of the following title: 
H. Con. Res. 64. Concurrent resolution au-
thorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for a ceremony to present the Congressional Gold Medal to the Monuments Men. 
The message also announced that the 
Senate has passed bills and a concur-rent resolution of the following titles in which the concurrence of the House is requested: 
S. 242. An act to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to provide leave to any new Federal employee who is a veteran with a service-connected disability rated at 30 per-cent or more for purposes of undergoing med-ical treatment for such disability, and for other purposes. 
S. 614 An act to provide access to and use 
of information by Federal agencies in order to reduce improper payments, and for other 
purposes. 
S. 764. An act to reauthorize and amend the 
National Sea Grant College Program Act, and for other purposes. 
S. Con. Res. 20. Concurrent resolution rec-
ognizing and honoring the 25th anniversary of the date of enactment of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990. 
f 
THE IMPROVING COAL COMBUS-
TION RESIDUALS REGULATION ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
P
AULSEN ). The Chair recognizes the 
gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, responsible use and recy-cle of coal ash has the ability to reduce waste, provide construction materials, and keep utility costs low. 
This past April the EPA released yet 
another rule aimed at coal by man-dating new standards for the disposal and storage of coal combustion residu-als. 
As a result of this proposal, the 
House considered and passed H.R. 1734, the Improving Coal Combustion Re-siduals Regulation Act of 2015. This legislation codifies the base standards of EPA’s final proposed rule, while also giving flexibility to the States to im-plement. 
Specifically, H.R. 1734 will allow 
States to create and enforce their own coal ash recycling permit programs. It also sets up enforceable State permit programs while utilizing the EPA’s minimum requirements and will pro-tect 316,000 jobs. 
Mr. Speaker, States also have the op-
tion to make their requirements more stringent than the EPA’s final rule if they choose. I strongly support and was happy to vote for H.R. 1734 and the re-sponsible use of coal and coal ash. 
PENNSYLVANIA HEMLOCKS AND THE WOOLLY  
ADELGID  
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, recently I visited the Tionesta Research Natural Area of the Allegheny National Forest. This old- growth area is home to many 600-year- old hemlock trees. 
During this visit, Mr. Speaker, I 
spoke to forestry officials about efforts to fight the woolly adelgid. I even ap-plied a treatment designed to combat the invasive insect to one of these mas-sive trees. 
Mr. Speaker, many States are in-
volved in the effort to fight the adelgid, which originated in Japan and was first found in the United States in the early 1950s. It can kill a hemlock tree within a few years after it be-comes infested. 
In 2012, I teamed with Federal re-
searchers and those from my alma mater, Penn State University, at a forum I hosted to discuss efforts to save our State tree, the Eastern Hem-lock. 
As the chairman of the Conservation 
and Forestry Subcommittee, I am proud Pennsylvanians are among those leading the way in fighting this disease 
and protecting our forests and the eco-nomic stimulus that these forests pro-vide both through timber and through tourism, making sure that these mag-nificent trees which have stood for cen-turies will stand tall for future genera-tions. 
SPECIAL NEEDS TRUST FAIRNESS ACT  
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
Mr. Speaker, on Sunday, July 26, we marked the 25th anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act. 
The passage of this landmark legisla-
tion signified a commitment to elimi-nating barriers faced by millions of in-dividuals with differing levels of dis-ability. 
It required businesses, buildings, 
transportation, and other services to accommodate those living with disabil-ities and guaranteed equal opportuni-ties for workers with disabilities. 
Mr. Speaker, 25 years later it is ap-
parent that we have made tremendous strides in upholding the intent of this vastly important civil rights law. 
Today countless Americans are em-
powered to shape their own lives and plan their own futures as they experi-ence their daily obstacles decreasing over time. While we have so much to celebrate, there is always more progress to be made. 
This Congress I introduced the Spe-
cial Needs Trust Fairness Act with the goal of eliminating a current prohibi-tion on a person with a disability to create his or her own special needs trust. 
This long overdue legislative fix was 
recently passed by the Senate Finance Committee, and I am committed to working with my colleagues to guide this and similar measures through the legislative processes here in the House. 
f 
THE HIGHWAY TRUST FUND 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
ORETTA SANCHEZ ) for 5 
minutes. 
Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-
fornia. Mr. Speaker, we are on a dan-gerous path. First, my Republican col-leagues pulled two critical appropria-tion bills from the floor simply because their party cannot come to an agree-ment on a flag that represents a very dark time in our Nation’s history. 
Second, my colleagues across the 
aisle, rather than focusing their energy on passing comprehensive immigration reform, passed a poisonous anti-immi-grant bill in response to an isolated in-cident in the city of San Francisco, pulling money away from our law en-forcement funding for public safety. 
Then they refuse to reauthorize the 
Export-Import Bank, which helps en-sure that Americans’ businesses can compete with their global competitors. 
And now the House Republicans 
refuse to come to the table yet again to provide a robust, long-term funding bill for our decaying infrastructure system in America. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JY7.010 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5602 July 29, 2015 
Why do we continue to refuse and cut 
services that our communities need? The American people need good-paying jobs, safe and modern infrastructure, and efficient transportation in order to provide a better life for themselves and for their families. We need to end these stopgap extensions. 
b1100 
How do we fix a broken bridge or a 
broken highway? Two months of high-way funding will not do that. In my home State of California, 60 percent of our roads are in poor or mediocre con-dition; and, moreover, almost 30 per-cent of California’s bridges have been recognized by the Department of Transportation as structurally defi-cient. 
Just a little bit over a week ago, 
California residents experienced the real-life consequences of this statistic when the Interstate 10, which connects California and Arizona, collapsed, in-juring a resident and shutting down the highway for several days. This highway is critical to our Southwest economy, which is already suffering from deficiencies because of our water infrastructure and the drought that we have going on. 
With more than 60,000 bridges 
throughout the United States in need of drastic repairs, failing to provide Americans with a long-term highway bill, we are putting jobs at risk, and we are putting our lives at risk, which is why my fellow House Democrats have come together to provide a 6-year fund-ing bill known as the GROW AMERICA Act. The bill will provide for $178 bil-lion over 6 years, so that States and local municipalities can address crit-ical infrastructure needs. 
This commonsense legislation would 
help pay for the investments by ending an unfair tax loophole and limiting corporate inversions, meaning that big corporations, when they are renounc-ing their United States citizenship, they do that in order to avoid paying taxes. 
Let’s use that money for transpor-
tation investments here in America. Investing in local public transportation projects not only helps to improve our traffic flow, but it also helps create good jobs. 
As we look for ways to put our econ-
omy back on track, we must be mind-ful of the services that we provide to the American people. We need to stop slashing, and we need to start pro-viding. We need to get away from se-questration and patchwork funding mentality to actually fulfill our duty as public servants to the American peo-ple. 
Our families, our roads, and our econ-
omy deserve a highway funding bill that will invest in America’s future, in-vest in better infrastructure, and in-vest in bigger paychecks for our hard- working families who are trying to make it in America. RESEARCH AND SCIENTIFIC 
INTEGRITY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. P
OSEY ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. POSEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
on matters of research and scientific integrity. 
To begin with, I am absolutely, reso-
lutely provaccine. Advancements in medical immunization have saved countless lives and greatly benefited public health. 
That being said, it is troubling to me 
that, in a recent Senate hearing on childhood vaccinations, it was never mentioned that our government has paid out over $3 billion through the Na-tional Vaccine Injury Compensation Program for children who have been in-jured by vaccinations. 
Regardless of the subject matter, 
parents making decisions about their children’s health deserve to have the best information available to them. They should be able to count on Fed-eral agencies to tell them the truth. 
For these reasons, I bring the fol-
lowing matter to the House floor. In August 2014, Dr. William Thompson, a senior scientist at the Centers for Dis-ease Control and Prevention, worked with a whistleblower attorney to pro-vide my office with documents related to a 2004 CDC study that examined the possibility of a relationship between the mumps, measles, and rubella vac-cine and autism. 
In a statement released in August 
2014, Dr. Thompson stated: ‘‘I regret that my coauthors and I omitted sta-tistically significant information in our 2004 article published in the Jour-nal of Pediatrics.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, also quoting Dr. 
Thompson: 
My primary job duties while working in 
the immunization safety branch from 2000 to 2006 were to lead or colead three major vac-cine safety studies. The MADDSP MMR-Au-tism Cases Control Study was being carried out in response to the Wakefield Lancet study that suggested an association between the MMR vaccine and an autism-like health outcome. 
There were several major concerns among 
scientists and consumer advocates outside the CDC in the fall of 2000 regarding the exe-cution of the Verstraeten study. 
One of the important goals that was deter-
mined upfront in the spring of 2001 before any of these studies started was to have all three protocols vetted outside the CDC prior to the start of the analyses so that consumer advocates could not claim that we were pre-senting analyses that suited our own goals and biases. 
We hypothesized that if we found statis-
tically significant effects at either 18- or 36- month thresholds, we would conclude that vaccinating children early with MMR vac-cine could lead to autism-like characteris-tics or features. 
We all met and finalized the study protocol 
and analysis plan. The goal was to not devi-ate from the analysis plan to avoid the deba-cle that occurred with the Verstraeten Thi-merosal study published in Pediatrics in 2003. 
At the September 5 meeting, we discussed 
in detail how to code race for both the sam-ple and the birth certificate sample. At the 
bottom of table 7, it also shows that for the nonbirth certificate sample, the adjusted race effect statistical significance was huge. 
All the authors and I met and decided 
sometime between August and September 2002 not to report any race effects for the paper. Sometime soon after the meeting, where we decided to exclude reporting any race effects, the coauthors scheduled a meet-ing to destroy documents related to the study. 
The remaining four coauthors all met and 
brought a big garbage can into the meeting room and reviewed and went through all the hard copy documents that we had thought we should discard and put them in a huge garbage can. 
However, because I assumed it was illegal 
and would violate both FOIA and DOJ re-quests, I kept hard copies of all documents in my office, and I retained all associated com-puter files. 
I believe we intentionally withheld con-
troversial findings from the final draft of the Pediatrics paper. 
Mr. Speaker, I believe it is our duty 
to ensure that the documents Dr. Thompson provided are not ignored; therefore, I will provide them to Mem-bers of Congress and the House com-mittees upon request. 
Considering the nature of the whis-
tleblower’s documents, as well as the involvement of the CDC, a hearing and a thorough investigation is warranted. 
I ask, Mr. Speaker, I beg, I implore 
my colleagues on the Committee on Appropriations to please, please take such action. 
f 
THE REINS ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. L
AMALFA ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. L AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, yester-
day, the House passed a measure I co-sponsored, H.R. 427, known as the REINS Act, to end this administra-tion’s disregard for the separation of powers. 
The bill rightly reasserts Congress’ 
proper role in writing our Nation’s laws by requiring that any regulation written with a cumulative impact of over $100 million be reviewed and ap-proved by Congress before going into effect, instead of the stifling of innova-tion that we have seen the effects of. 
Too often, we have seen this adminis-
tration attempt to use creative inter-pretation of the law or aggressive rule-making that have had a massive nega-tive impact on our State’s economy, resulting in higher prices, thousands of dollars per cost additionally per family per year, lower wages, fewer working hours, or complete loss of job opportu-nities altogether. 
For example, the proposed waters of 
the United States regulation would in-sert the Environmental Protection Agency in local land use planning areas across the Nation. 
Do we really need the Federal Gov-
ernment telling us how to landscape our own backyards? Is that even prop-er? I think not. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JY7.011 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5603 July 29, 2015 
Do we really think the Federal Gov-
ernment should be regulating man-made ditches along country roads or fields or dry streambeds and puddles which hold water only during and im-mediately after rainstorms or irriga-tion and drainage ditches which wouldn’t even exist if not created by water districts and the people in-volved? 
What a giant leap of grab of power by 
the Federal Government in asserting itself over these private properties via these regulations written by bureau-crats and not overseen by Congress di-rectly. 
In my district, Federal bureaucrats 
are unilaterally deciding, with no evi-dence or science, that small depres-sions in fields are linked to distant wa-terways, placing vast areas of land out of production. Despite bipartisan con-gressional opposition, the administra-tion is attempting to move forward with this aggressive regulation, water-ways of the United States. 
Mr. Speaker, the examples of this ad-
ministration’s aggressive and careless decisions, increasing costs, eliminating jobs are almost too numerous to count. 
In 2014, Federal regulations cost our 
economy $1.88 trillion in higher prices for food, energy, and goods, averaging about $14,000 per U.S. household. This price tag has spiked, thanks to the President Obama administration, which added nearly 500 new regula-tions, 184 of which have combined to raise costs to Americans of about $80 billion. The result is 81 new major reg-ulations per year. 
Mr. Speaker, unelected bureaucrats 
shouldn’t be imposing their will on the American people at a cost of billions of dollars each year. This is not the way to stop the difficult headwinds our economy faces. Indeed, this is causing more economic problems for us to re-cover from in this Nation. 
It is time for the Senate to join the 
House and send H.R. 427, the REINS Act, and help with our job economy, with the boost we all need—that we have needed for so long during this last 6 years. The REINS Act is needed to in-deed rein in an out-of-control govern-ment. 
Even the President himself said in 
his State of the Union Address in Janu-ary 2011: 
To reduce barriers to growth and invest-
ment . . . when we find rules that put an un-necessary burden on businesses, we need to fix them. 
The REINS Act is that fix. Let’s get 
it done. Let’s get the Senate to get it done. 
f 
STORIES IN THE NEWS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) for 5 minutes. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, it 
gives me great privilege, first of all, to speak about the first item of interest to America and to many of us as cer-tainly when the President represents the United States of America overseas. 
I had the privilege of traveling with the President for a most dynamic, unique, and historic mission, and that was to Kenya and Ethiopia. 
Let me congratulate him for a stu-
pendous diplomatic success and inter-action with a continent that will be the largest populated land area in the 21st century. What an amazing experi-ence to be able to engage with busi-nesses and see the opportunity for eco-nomic empowerment and cooperation between the United States and the many nation-states of the continent of Africa. 
It was exciting to see new, young 
businesspersons seeking an oppor-tunity to work in their countries, but work with the United States, eager to work with U.S. businesses, welcoming U.S. investment, creating jobs in Afri-ca, creating jobs in America—in par-ticular, a broadcasting company that had been there for 50 years creating jobs in the United States, creating jobs in Kenya. 
Let me indicate what a success this 
story was. Along with the regional se-curity issues, there was a commitment with the African Union to stand against Boko Haram and a commit-ment to establish civility and peace in South Sudan by demanding that there be a resolution of this by August 17— not the President standing alone, but working with the African Union, rep-resenting the tens upon tens of African nations, it was a resounding success, and I congratulate the President. 
As I come home and as a member of 
the Committee on the Judiciary, I am reminded of the tragedy of a young woman who had all of her life before her, and that was Sandra Bland. 
My commitment still is to offer my 
appreciation to the law enforcement officers across America and, as we all do, respect law and order; but in the in-stance where there is a tragic result, the death of this young woman, 28, with two undergraduate degrees and a master’s degree, her death was the re-sult of malfeasance. 
b1115 
We must walk together in a respect-
ful manner with law enforcement and civilians. We have done it before. We must do it again. 
I believe that it is crucial for the De-
partment of Justice to take over this investigation on a number of aspects, including patting down and other prac-tices of law enforcement in Waller County and Hempstead, and certainly the question of this young lady’s civil rights. 
I ask that they look seriously, be-
cause even though there are alleged good intentions by the local authori-ties in establishing committees to re-view this, this is not regular order, this is not a procedure that works. No one understands the decision of a district attorney—unless he yields to an inde-pendent prosecutor, which this district attorney in Waller County is not—to have a committee of individuals with 
no authority whatsoever review this matter. 
People and families are in pain. Cer-
tainly, we can do better as law enforce-ment and civilians working together. 
I also want to recognize that this is 
the 50th year of the Voting Rights Act. I join the leadership of N
ANCY PELOSI , 
Mr. H OYER , and Mr. C LYBURN in cele-
brating and acknowledging this excit-ing time that opened the doors of vot-ing for everyone. One vote, one person. 
On August 6, I call upon my commu-
nity in the 18th Congressional District in Houston to have a voting day—reg-istering people to vote in a nonpartisan manner, bringing them out and cele-brating the right to vote, when many countries do not have it. 
Let’s make the Voting Rights reau-
thorization the cause of this Congress. Let’s have Americans celebrate voting rights. 
Finally, Mr. Speaker, let me say this. 
While I was in Africa, one of the head-lines was the killing of Cecil, a beau-tiful lion. The nations I visited were falling to their knees because they be-lieve in wildlife preservation. We enjoy it here in our Nation’s zoos. We haven’t had that privilege of seeing these won-derful animals—giraffes, lions, tigers, and a whole array—in the wild. 
It was an American who killed this 
beautiful lion. What a disgrace. That individual is a disgrace. This individual had the responsibility for knowing of his guides and of the procedures of doing this kill for sport. He lured the animal out of the park. 
America must stand with Kenya, 
Ethiopia, and the other African nations in showing its outrage. Sadly, it was a citizen of the United States who was more interested in his personal privi-lege and pleasure than he was in under-standing this iconic lion—the last male species of this kind, with a black mane and a giant of a personality—and help-ing to preserve this species. He couldn’t find any other joy than killing Cecil. I am saddened by this, and Amer-ica should be saddened as well. 
f 
SKIP WELLS, A HERO 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. T
OMPRICE) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, sometimes the terrorism we witness in this day and age is a world away. Sometimes it occurs very close to home. 
Two weeks ago, terror visited Chat-
tanooga, Tennessee, and, in so doing, hit home for us in Georgia. One of the five servicemen murdered on July 16 in Chattanooga grew up in the Sixth Dis-trict of Georgia. He graduated from Sprayberry High School in 2012. Skip Wells was a marine—a proud marine, a proud American, and a hero. 
Last week, in Georgia, thousands 
gathered to honor the life of this pa-triot, Skip Wells, who lost his life in the terrorist attack in Chattanooga. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JY7.013 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5604 July 29, 2015 
Nothing we say will replace the loss, 
the heartbreak, and the pain of his family and friends, those who knew him best. But we can say how much he-roes enlighten us—and inspire us—and strengthen the faith of our Nation and our lives. 
Skip Wells is a hero. It has been said 
that ‘‘a hero is someone who has given his life to something bigger than one-self.’’ That is precisely what Skip did. 
His closest friends said that Skip 
Wells felt called to serve, to protect. When asked why Skip joined the Ma-rines, a friend of Skip’s told folks sim-ply that ‘‘Skip just loved his country.’’ He knew that freedom isn’t free. He knew that liberty requires sacrifice. What an inspiration his dedication and his heroism are for all of us. 
Chesterton said that ‘‘the true sol-
dier fights not because he hates what is in front of him, but because he loves what is behind him.’’ Skip Wells loved his family, his friends, the Marines— oh, how he loved the Marines—and he loved his country. 
His death in the service of this great 
Nation places him in the ranks of those with the greatest of valor. On behalf of all who represent this Nation, we send our deepest and heartfelt thanks and sympathy to Skip’s family and friends on their tragic loss. We all—every sin-gle American—mourn for those who make the ultimate sacrifice for this great land. 
The Bible says: ‘‘Blessed are those 
who mourn, for they shall be com-forted.’’ In its broadest sense, this verse is so very, very true. In the book of John, we read: ‘‘Greater love has no one than this, that one lay down his life for his friends.’’ 
To his mom, Cathy, to his friends and 
family, you may be very, very proud of Skip and his ultimate sacrifice to our country. May God’s grace comfort you in this difficult time. Please know that a grateful Nation loves you and mourns with you. 
May we never, ever, forget Skip Wells 
and the great men and women who stand in harm’s way every single day and protect this, the greatest Nation on Earth. May God bless us all, and may he continue to bless the United States of America. 
f 
HURRICANE ANDREW 
ANNIVERSARY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. C
URBELO ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today with a heavy heart to recognize the 24th of August as the 23rd anniversary of Hurricane Andrew. On this date in 1992, the category 5 storm made landfall on Elliott Key, and then Homestead, Florida, killing 26 imme-diately, with dozens more fatalities from injuries stemming from the storm’s aftermath. We continue to mourn this loss of life. 
The winds of Hurricane Andrew were 
calculated at 164 miles per hour and completely wiped out Homestead Air 
Force Base. Until Hurricane Katrina in 2005, Andrew was the costliest storm in 
U.S. history, totaling $43.7 billion when adjusted for inflation. 
As officials assessed the damage, 
they noticed that much of the destruc-tion was due to substandard construc-tion methods. As a result, Florida now has the strongest building codes in the Nation. Furthermore, homes are now required to have storm shutters or im-pact-resistant glass. 
While we will never be able to fully 
prevent damage from a serious storm, we can mitigate the damage caused and thus reduce the costs of rebuilding our neighborhoods. 
The National Hurricane Center, lo-
cated at Florida International Univer-sity in my congressional district, pro-vides important research on the effects these storms have on our coastlines and maintains a continuous watch on developing weather patterns that could become a tropical storm. I was able to tour this center earlier in the year, and I commend their efforts. 
The memory of Andrew forces us to 
remain cautious and vigilant so our communities and homes are protected. In the midst of this hurricane season, I strongly encourage all those in the po-tential paths of these storms to have a plan already in place to secure prop-erty and protect loved ones. By taking the appropriate preventative measures, we can assure that our families and neighborhoods remain safe. 
KEY WEST TERRORIST DETAINED  
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise to offer my sincere gratitude to the brave law enforcement officials who prevented a terrorist plot from un-folding in Key West. 
On July 28, it was announced that a 
Key West man was arrested and charged with attempting to use a weap-on of mass destruction. Key West is the southernmost point of not only my congressional district, but the entire United States. Anyone who has visited the Keys knows how truly special this part of our country is, not just for its natural beauty, but for the welcoming and creative people who call the Keys home. 
A terrorist attack occurring any-
where in the United States is a cause for serious alarm, and I am glad the ef-forts of one lone wolf were thwarted. 
It is important to recognize the FBI, 
the U.S. Attorneys Office, the South Florida Joint Terrorism Task Force, the Key West Police Department, the Monroe County Sheriff’s Office, and other law enforcement agencies for working together to neutralize this threat to Key West and our country. Because of their efforts, an untold number of lives were saved. 
Unfortunately, this incident reminds 
us that we continue to be targeted by those who wish to do us harm. We must remain vigilant against these ongoing threats and ensure our law enforce-ment agencies continue to have the necessary resources to execute their critical mission. MIAMI DADE COLLEGE /JOB FAIR  
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise to thank all those who at-tended the job fair in my district office hosted last month for employers and workers in the Kendall area of south Florida. We were able to connect over 1,000 of our friends and neighbors who are looking for work with hundreds of businesses, agencies, and nonprofit or-ganizations. The feedback was positive from countless participants who said they were able to collect resumes from well-qualified potential candidates for job opportunities. 
One of my main priorities here in 
Congress is helping those who are most in need, and events like this job fair are an excellent way for our commu-nities to come together and find oppor-tunities for people with all sorts of dif-ferent skill sets. 
I would also like to give special 
thanks to Miami Dade College for hosting this terrific event. They pro-vide excellent opportunities to south Florida residents who are looking to further their education and learn new skills to enhance their job credentials. 
I am also very proud to note that 
Miami Dade College was recently named a ‘‘great college to work for’’ for the seventh consecutive year by the Chronicle of Higher Education. 
South Florida is fortunate to have a 
strong network of business leaders who work closely with educational institu-tions to help people find work. Every job is an opportunity, and today we celebrate the constituents in my dis-trict who have found gainful new em-ployment as a result of the job fair at Miami Dade College. 
f 
RECOGNIZING JENNA M CGIVNEY, 
LOC TEACHER INSTITUTE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. W
ALORSKI ) for 5 minutes. 
Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize Jenna McGivney of Southwood Junior-Senior High School for being selected to participate in the Library of Congress Teaching with Pri-mary Sources Summer Teacher Insti-tute. Her dedication to providing the highest quality of education to young Hoosiers is nothing short of remark-able. 
Educators attending the teacher in-
stitute participate in and develop pri-mary source-based teaching strategies that they can take back to their school districts, apply in the classroom, and share with their colleagues. This is an opportunity reserved for only the fin-est teachers in the country and is a testament to Ms. McGivney’s success as an educator. 
It is the work of passionate teachers 
like her that make me so grateful to represent Indiana’s Second Congres-sional District. The future of Indiana’s children lies in the hands of our edu-cators. Because of that, they deserve our support and recognition. 
Today, I congratulate Ms. McGivney 
and thank her for her dedication to educating young Hoosiers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JY7.014 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5605 July 29, 2015 
EMPLOYEE RIGHTS ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. W
ILSON ) for 5 min-
utes. 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, I am grateful to cosponsor the Employee Rights Act, introduced by Chairman T
OMPRICE, which estab-
lishes protections for American work-ers—to not join a union; to have a se-cret ballot; and, if they choose to join a union, to know how their dues are being spent. This legislation is critical to empowering American workers and shielding them from unfair treatment in the workplace. 
South Carolina is a staunch defender 
of right-to-work protections, even when threatened by the National Labor Relations Board. For years, the NLRB has threatened to destroy jobs, particu-larly in the Charleston community. It has invaded employee privacy and en-croached upon their rights. 
I am grateful for Senator L
INDSEY  
GRAHAM , Senator T IMSCOTT, Governor 
Nikki Haley, and South Carolina At-torney General Alan Wilson for their leadership in protecting our State’s right-to-work laws. 
Right-to-work States like South 
Carolina have seen firsthand that job creation and economic growth come from expanded freedoms. We need to expand commonsense reforms like those in the Employee Rights Act to protect American workers and create jobs. 
In conclusion, God bless our troops, 
and may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
f 
RECESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. 
Accordingly (at 11 o’clock and 30 
minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 
AFTER RECESS 
The recess having expired, the House 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
OMACK ) at noon. 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick 
J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: 
God of our ancestors, thank You for 
giving us another day. 
We pray You, O God, to be with the 
Members of this House today and as they return to their home districts during the August recess. Give them sound judgment and make them as practical as the American people who sent them here as their Representa-tives. 
Help them to withstand open criti-
cism when they know what is right be-fore You and conscience. Often, they 
are characterized by half-truths and at-tributed motives that are far beneath them. Uphold them at such times with personal integrity and compassion for those most in need. 
Having called them to serve others to 
the best of their abilities, lift them even higher by Your grace and power to live and work for Your greater honor and glory, both this day and throughout the remainder of the sum-mer. 
Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8, rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
The point of no quorum is considered 
withdrawn. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the 
gentleman from New York (Mr. H IG-
GINS) come forward and lead the House 
in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. HIGGINS led the Pledge of Alle-
giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER 
PRO TEMPORE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair will entertain up to 15 requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
RECOGNIZING PLYMOUTH FIRE 
CHIEF RICHARD KLINE 
(Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize the service of Plym-outh Fire Chief Richard Kline, who has announced that he will be retiring at the end of this year. For over 20 years, Chief Kline has 
diligently served as the head of the Plymouth Fire Department during a period of tremendous growth and change. 
Chief Kline has led the way when it 
comes to bringing firefighting into the 21st century by embracing new tech-nology and equipment techniques not only locally, but also being involved at the national level through education and speaking engagements. 
He also serves as chair of the Min-
nesota State Fire Chiefs Association Safety and Health Committee where his influence is felt throughout the State of Minnesota. 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank 
Chief Kline for his service, for his dedi-cation in leading our first responders, and keeping our community safe. 
I know the Plymouth community 
will miss him, but Chief Kline’s stead-fast leadership leaves Plymouth on a firm foundation for the future. 
f 
25TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE 
AMERICANS WITH DISABILITIES ACT 
(Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, this 
past Sunday marked the 25th anniver-sary of the Americans with Disabilities Act. Since its enactment, the ADA has been a beacon of hope for millions of people with disabilities, both through-out the United States and around the world. 
Many passionate advocates and 
champions fought for the rights and protections enshrined in this law. Thanks to their pioneering efforts, peo-ple with disabilities can participate in more aspects of society than ever be-fore. Where barriers exist, so, too, do the opportunities to remove them, thanks to the protections and accom-modations afforded under the ADA. 
We have come far since the passage 
of the ADA, but we still have much more work ahead. As we commemorate the silver anniversary of the ADA, I hope everyone will join me in cele-brating the strides we have made, while also committing our efforts to achieving the full equality and oppor-tunity on which the ADA and our coun-try were founded. 
f 
REMEMBERING TERRY 
STAMBAUGH 
(Mr. WOMACK asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. WOMACK. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today with a heavy heart to remember the life of Terry Stambaugh of Har-rison, Arkansas. 
Terry died this week when his car 
was struck head on by a vehicle trav-eling at a high rate of speed, fleeing from police. It is heartbreaking to see the life of a community servant taken 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JY7.015 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5606 July 29, 2015 
at the age of 61—or for any age, for 
that matter—under these cir-cumstances. 
Terry Stambaugh was chairman of 
the board of the Harrison, Arkansas, regional chamber of commerce; presi-dent of the Harrison Rotary Club; board member of the 14th judicial dis-trict’s court appointed special advo-cates program; past president of the Harrison District Board of Realtors; and had a long history working in the trucking industry. In addition, he was a deacon at the First Christian Church of Harrison. 
Mr. Speaker, Terry was a man of tre-
mendous faith. While I know the entire Harrison community will forever mourn his loss, we take comfort in the fact that God is real, as Terry stated in his final Facebook posting, and that Terry is now at his side. 
I stand in this well today, Mr. Speak-
er, to honor Terry for his many years of service to his faith, his family, and his beloved city of Harrison and say a final thank you to this dedicated com-munity leader. 
My prayers are with his wife, Carey; 
his children, Angela Keys, Sarah Stambaugh, and Hannah Lutz; and his stepchildren, Blake and Logan Cook, during this very difficult time for the family. 
f 
EDWARD A. THOMAS BUILDING 
(Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise with great excitement to congratu-late the Houston City Council and our chief, Charles McClelland, for naming our beacon of law enforcement building after Edward Alfred Thomas, the long-est serving and greatest patrol officer in the history of the Houston Police Department, so noted by fellow offi-cers. 
Edward Alfred Thomas was born in 
Shreveport, Louisiana, in 1920. He played football for Southern Univer-sity. As well, he was drafted in World War II, where he saw action with the United States Army in Normandy, in northern Africa, and during the Battle of the Bulge. 
After the war, with his honorable dis-
charge, Edward Thomas became one of the first African American police offi-cers in the city of Houston—when he started, he could not vote without a poll tax—where he worked for 63 years until his retirement on July 23, 2011. He worked for more than six decades, way before the civil rights movement. 
His work was not without challenges. 
Because of his work and because of his race, Officer Thomas was not allowed to drive a squad car or arrest White suspects without obtaining permission from his supervisor. 
At one point in his career, he was dis-
ciplined for speaking to a White meter maid, who asked him to walk with her in order to avoid the unwanted atten-tion and advances of nearby construc-tion workers, just extending himself 
and doing his job. 
I am excited about him having his 
name on the 26-story headquarters building, and I would offer to say that, to this great leader, I will be coming home to present you with a number of resolutions and honor. 
I know that he wants the Voting 
Rights Act reauthorized because he couldn’t vote then, but now, he stands as the longest serving police officer and one of great service. 
I salute you, Edward Alfred Thomas. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MILITARY 
CHAPLAINS 
(Mr. WILSON of South Carolina 
asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. 
Speaker, I am grateful to congratulate the Army Chaplain Corps on their 240th birthday. 
Since their founding this day on July 
29, 1775, by the Continental Congress, at the request of General George Wash-ington, military chaplains have served with courage, honor, and selflessness. 
I am grateful that Fort Jackson, lo-
cated in the Midlands of South Caro-lina, serves as a training facility for this distinct group of individuals who do so much to fulfill the religious needs of our men and women in uni-form. 
It is home to the Chaplain Regi-
mental Museum Association. This mu-seum highlights those who have a shared desire to minister to soldiers and their families. I appreciate the president of the association, Chaplain Brigadier General Don Rutherford, and the board of directors for their dedi-cated service to our men and women in uniform. 
I know firsthand of chaplains’ ex-
traordinary service to my and my son’s National Guard duty. I appreciate Army Colonel Steve Shugart, who was my son Alan’s roommate in Iraq. I am grateful to work with Air National Guard Chaplain Lieutenant Colonel Brian Bohlman, for his military family nonprofit foundation, Operation Thank You. 
Congratulations to the Army Chap-
lain Corps on their 240th birthday. Chaplains make a difference helping servicemembers and military families have a more fulfilling life. 
f 
SUPPORT EACH WOMAN ACT 
(Mr. QUIGLEY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, for the 
past 40 years, antichoice politicians have convinced Congress to maintain Hyde amendment language while push-ing for restricting access even further. 
For four decades, the Hyde amend-
ment has denied too many women their constitutional right to choose by pro-hibiting the use of Federal funds to pay 
for abortion services. The fact that this restriction discriminates against women with limited resources at the very time in which they need the sup-port the most is unconscionable. 
We have had enough of letting the 
majority restrict access to abortion services when the majority of Ameri-cans support a woman’s right to choose. It is time to change course. 
The EACH Woman Act ensures 
health coverage of these services for every woman, no matter how much she earns, how she is insured, or where she lives. 
I urge my colleagues to be bold, end 
Hyde, and support the EACH Woman Act. 
f 
RECOGNIZING UNITED STATES MA-
RINE PRIVATE FIRST CLASS ATTILIO M. LUPACCHINI 
(Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today in recognition of the life and service of United States Marine Pri-vate First Class Attilio M. Lupacchini, who was laid to rest with full military honors this morning. 
Private Lupacchini—a native of 
Yardley, Bucks County, in my district in Pennsylvania—was just 2 years out of high school, when, on December 9, 1950, he made the ultimate sacrifice for his Nation in the mountains of North Korea while on a mission to rescue a group of fellow marines. 
His platoon leader described Private 
Lupacchini as a true fighting marine who was small in stature but enor-mously courageous. 
After more than 65 years, Private 
Lupacchini’s spirit has returned home and now rests among our Nation’s bravest at Arlington National Ceme-tery, forever providing a place of re-flection and remembrance for genera-tions of family members and grateful Americans. 
From the bottom of my heart, I ex-
press my gratitude to Attilio Lupacchini for his membership in the internal ranks of those who sacrificed at freedom’s altar. 
f 
BUFFALO, NEW YORK, RECLAIMED 
ITS FUTURE BY EMBRACING ITS PAST 
(Mr. HIGGINS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, visitors 
to the 1901 Pan-American Exposition, which was held in western New York, were so astounded with the electric light powered by Niagara Falls that Buffalo became known across the world as The City of Light. 
Last week, The New York Times re-
ported to the Nation Buffalo is back, due again to our investments in renew-able energy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JY7.017 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5607 July 29, 2015 
In 2005, we won a Federal licensing 
settlement that directed $279 million from local hydropower proceeds to re-develop Buffalo’s waterfront, a trans-formation that has attracted hundreds of millions of dollars in private invest-ment. 
Access to cheap, clean hydropower 
convinced Yahoo to locate its data and call center in Niagara County, again creating hundreds of jobs. 
Meanwhile, the Steel Winds project 
has built 14 wind turbines along Lake Erie in Lackawanna, creating enough electricity to power 15,000 homes. Along the Buffalo River, the largest solar panel manufacturer in the West-ern Hemisphere is under construction, which will create 3,500 jobs in the solar industry. 
At the turn of the 20th century, Buf-
falo led on energy innovation and thrived because of it. By embracing its past, Buffalo has reclaimed its future. 
f 
DEFUND PLANNED PARENTHOOD 
(Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas asked 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. 
Speaker, yesterday, a third Planned Parenthood video was released regard-ing the selling of aborted baby body parts and organs. 
The fact that this is going on is just 
vile. Our Constitution protects the right to life, and it is unforgiveable for any organization to engage in this kind of trafficking. 
To make matters worse, Planned 
Parenthood receives taxpayer dollars that ultimately help support these vile acts. 
I fully support the House investiga-
tion into Planned Parenthood, and I am proud to support legislation that would stop all Federal funding for Planned Parenthood until these inves-tigations are over. 
That said, I believe Washington 
should follow Texas’ lead and perma-nently defund Planned Parenthood. 
All life is sacred, and I will continue 
to do all I can to protect the lives of the unborn. 
f 
b1215 
50TH ANNIVERSARY OF MEDICARE 
AND MEDICAID 
(Mr. CICILLINE asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, tomor-
row, July 30, marks the 50th anniver-sary of Lyndon Johnson’s signing of the Social Security Act Amendments of 1965 into law and of creating Medi-care and Medicaid in order to meet the healthcare needs of seniors, individuals with disabilities, and working families. 
Today, 55 million Americans receive 
Medicare benefits, and 69 million Americans rely on the healthcare safe-ty net that Medicaid provides. One in three American children receives his 
health insurance coverage through Medicaid. In Rhode Island’s First Dis-trict, which I am proud to represent, more than 92,000 individuals receive Medicare benefits, and almost 100,000 receive Medicaid coverage. 
Mr. Speaker, health care is a neces-
sity of life, and access to quality health care should be a right for every-one and never a privilege of the few. Over the last half century, Medicare and Medicaid have provided millions of Americans with access to quality, af-fordable health care. It is critical that we strengthen these essential pro-grams, enhance benefits, and make sure that all Americans can live with healthcare security and dignity. 
f 
IRAN NUCLEAR DEAL 
(Mr. HOLDING asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, The 
Washington Post reports that the President knew of two secret side deals in the agreement with Iran but failed to inform Congress. More troubling, The Washington Post reports that, while the President and the Secretary of State know the agreements exist, neither has seen them. 
These agreements, which are between 
Iran and the U.N.’s International Atomic Energy Agency, govern the in-spections of Iran’s nuclear facilities. In its article, The Washington Post quotes the Deputy Director of the U.N. agency as saying, ‘‘No American is ever going to get to see them,’’ in speaking of these side agreements. 
Mr. Speaker, no one believes we can 
deal with Iran with a gentlemanly handshake, so the linchpin to any agreement is inspections. Why on Earth would the President make an agreement that includes secret deals between Iran and the U.N. agency which is doing the inspections that no American, including him, will ever see? 
It is beyond my comprehension. Con-
gress needs to reject this bad deal. 
f 
25TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE 
AMERICANS WITH DISABILITIES ACT 
(Ms. GRAHAM asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. GRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, this past 
Sunday marked the 25th anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act. 
This historic piece of legislation pro-
hibits discrimination against those with disabilities, giving them greater access and protections; but the ADA does more than just open doors—it rec-ognizes every individual’s ability to succeed. 
Yesterday, I met with Sarah Gold-
man, a young woman with cerebral palsy who is earning her master’s de-gree at Florida State University. She visited my office to advocate on behalf of ADA protections. As Sarah said, we 
have made great progress in the last 25 years, but there is still so much more work to be done. 
I urge the House to listen to Sarah’s 
words and continue the fight to make sure all Americans are empowered to achieve their own American dreams. 
f 
FAREWELL TRIBUTE TO JOSH 
ZARKA 
(Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to bid farewell and good luck to Josh Zarka, who for the past 4 years has been the Minister for Congressional Affairs at the Embassy of Israel here in Washington, D.C. 
Since 1991, Josh has had a long and 
distinguished career with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, representing the Jewish State in Israel and, indeed, around the world. 
During his time here in D.C., Josh 
has been a major influence in strength-ening the U.S.-Israel relationship; and there is no doubt that his tireless work to promote and strengthen the ties be-tween our two countries has contrib-uted greatly to the safety and security of Israel, of its citizens, and of us here in the United States. 
Josh can be proud of the work that 
he has done here; yet I know that what he values the most is his family—his wife, Esther, and their four children. I wish Josh and his family much success, especially as they prepare for his daughter, Adi’s, upcoming wedding. 
We will miss you, Josh. Stay in 
touch. 
f 
50TH ANNIVERSARY OF VOTING 
RIGHTS ACT 
(Ms. JUDY CHU of California asked 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. 
Speaker, 50 years ago, hundreds of cou-rageous, unarmed men and women marched from Selma to Montgomery to call for the right to vote. They were met with violence, prejudice, and hate; but these brave men and women con-tinued their push for equality. Because of their sacrifice and determination, the historic Voting Rights Act was passed. 
For over 40 years, the Voting Rights 
Act was one of our best tools to combat historic discrimination. It provided critical voter protections to ensure that Americans of all backgrounds had equal access to the ballot box; but with the Supreme Court’s Shelby County de-cision 2 years ago, key provisions were gutted from this act that must be re-stored. 
As we commemorate the 50th anni-
versary of the Voting Rights Act, I urge my Republican colleagues to re-store dignity to our electoral process and ensure that this is a democracy of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JY7.018 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5608 July 29, 2015 
the people and by the people. Allow us 
to vote on meaningful legislation to re-store the Voting Rights Act. 
f 
RECOGNIZING AN UNSUNG HERO 
(Mr. BOST asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I would like 
to recognize an everyday hero from southern Illinois today—U.S. mail car-rier Don Fix, who has worked his route in Belleville, Illinois, for over 20 years. 
In May, Don felt something was 
wrong when he noticed mail piled high at a home in Swansea. Don knew both residents were elderly and had dif-ficulty getting around, so he checked around to the back door and called out their names. He heard Mr. David Nel-son yell back that he and his wife had fallen. Don immediately called the paramedics, who arrived on the scene and took the couple to the hospital. 
I honor Don Fix’s quick and caring 
action as he is more than just a neigh-borhood mailman. Don delivers more than just the mail to the residents he cares about—he also delivers compas-sion. 
f 
BRING GUN SAFETY LEGISLATION 
TO HOUSE FLOOR FOR A VOTE 
(Ms. ESTY asked and was given per-
mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, in Con-
necticut, we know all too well the dev-astation caused by gun violence. We will never stop mourning the lives of the 26 people who were ripped from us by the horrific shootings in Newtown, but just as tragic are the deaths that don’t make national headlines. 
Mr. Speaker, we have a serious prob-
lem with gun violence in this country from which no person, no community is protected. This year alone, in the cap-ital city of Hartford, gun violence has claimed 19 lives. Yet, today, this House is scheduled to adjourn for the next 5 weeks, refusing to bring this urgent public health matter to the House floor, refusing to address gun violence, which is hurting America. 
I have joined with colleagues from 
across the aisle to propose a bipartisan bill to expand background checks to all commercial gun sales—legislation that, if enacted, would have prevented several of the most recent mass shoot-ings. 
I urge the leadership of this House to 
spend August thinking about the 30,000 Americans we lose each year to gun vi-olence and to bring this urgent matter to the full House for a vote when we re-convene in September. 
f 
IN SUPPORT OF THE SOLDIER ACT 
(Mr. NUGENT asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. NUGENT. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to discuss a simple solution to a straightforward problem. 
Eleven years after retiring from the 
military, one of my constituents re-ceived a bill for $1,500 for an alleged overpayment by the Department of De-fense. This is more than a decade later, and the first she is hearing about it is in a letter, demanding payment. More-over, the servicemember is expected to track down and find whatever receipts or documents may be relevant from 11 years ago. 
This isn’t an isolated case. This is 
happening to veterans across this Na-tion. Often, these bills are the result of DOD accounting or system errors. Cer-tainly, if there were an error, whether it be the fault of the servicemember or of the DOD, steps should be taken to remedy that; but the government should not wait a decade before sending the first letter. 
I am introducing a bill today that 
would place a statute of limitations on DOD’s authority to initiate the collec-tion process. This does not prevent the DOD from collecting debts; it simply says it must do it in a timely fashion. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in sup-porting the SOLDIER Act. 
f 
BIPARTISAN SOLUTIONS TO GROW 
U.S. ECONOMY 
(Mr. ASHFORD asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. ASHFORD. Mr. Speaker, when 
we return from our recess, we need to reauthorize the Export-Import Bank. Ex-Im has helped Nebraska businesses grow and export U.S.-made products overseas. In fact, last year, my district exported over $60 million of Nebraska manufactured goods all over the world. Growing U.S. exports mean growing jobs at home. 
Secondly, we need to come together 
and pass a long-term transportation bill. According to a recent report, near-ly a quarter of Nebraska’s bridges are structurally unsound. Beyond safety, investments in infrastructure can cre-ate immediate jobs and long-term eco-nomic growth. 
Lastly, we need to pass a responsible, 
comprehensive immigration reform bill. This would pull hard-working peo-ple out of the shadows, work to attract the best, talented people across the globe, and make our businesses more competitive in the world economy. 
Upon our return, Mr. Speaker, let’s 
commit ourselves to bipartisan solu-tions to these issues. 
f 
DEFUND PLANNED PARENTHOOD 
(Mrs. BLACK asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, I stand 
here profoundly disappointed that the House will leave town today without taking a vote on my legislation to defund Planned Parenthood. Over the past 2 weeks, we have all 
seen the gruesome videos showing the heartless depravity of this organiza-tion. We have issued statements; we have made passionate floor speeches; and we have pledged action. Now our constituents would like to know when we are going to follow through on that promise. 
Today, I am reminded of the words of 
Dietrich Bonhoeffer: ‘‘Silence in the face of evil is itself evil. Not to speak is to speak. Not to act is to act.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, we have a moral obliga-
tion to defund Planned Parenthood, and we must do it now—not when poli-ticians and pundits think it is most po-litically expedient. 
f 
50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE 
VOTING RIGHTS ACT OF 1965 
(Ms. SEWELL of Alabama asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speak-
er, today, I rise in recognition of the upcoming 50th anniversary of the sign-ing of the Voting Rights Act of 1965. 
Our Nation took an important step 
forward 50 years ago when, on August 6, 1965, President Johnson signed into law this landmark legislation. It was a moment that brave men and women, like our colleague J
OHN LEWIS, 
marched for and were willing to die for as they dared to cross the Edmund Pettus Bridge in Selma, Alabama. 
Unfortunately, 2 years ago, the Su-
preme Court struck down section 4, and preclearance and Federal protections for vulnerable communities went away. When the Supreme Court struck down section 4, it did not say that protec-tions were not needed. Rather, it issued a challenge to us here in this House to come up with a modern day formula. I see that as a challenge for all of us in this great House—to come up with a modern day formula to provide protec-tions for vulnerable communities. 
On this 50th anniversary of the land-
mark Voting Rights Act, let us answer this call to action. It is a call worthy of all of our attention. On this recess, let us remark about how wonderful it was that we all came together on March 7, 1965, in order to do what was right. I ask all of you to please con-sider restoring the Voting Rights Act of 1965. It is important for all Ameri-cans. 
f 
b1230 
MOTORCYCLES MEAN FREEDOM 
(Mr. BURGESS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize the upcoming Sturgis motorcycle rally, which will be celebrating its 75th anniversary this year in Sturgis, South Dakota. 
Since the rally’s inception in 1938, 
Sturgis has grown from a single race to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JY7.020 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5609 July 29, 2015 
a weeklong event attended by hundreds 
of thousands from across the United States and, indeed, around the globe. 
Each year more and more riders are 
using their motorcycles to go to the store, go to work, or just go for a ride. 
This growing popularity is good for 
our Nation. Motorcyclists ease road congestion, reduce overall fuel con-sumption, and decrease wear and tear on our Nation’s infrastructure. 
As a cochairman of the Congressional 
Motorcycle Caucus, I offer my best wishes to the attendees of this year’s event. Here is to good weather and safe travels while celebrating the freedom to ride. 
f 
BANGLADESH 
(Ms. GABBARD asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to discuss and raise the dire situ-ation of religious minorities in Ban-gladesh. 
Bangladesh is a country in turmoil. 
There are many concerns about the stability of the country, particularly since flawed elections were held last year and the political violence that has ensued. 
I am particularly concerned over 
issues of religious freedom and, specifi-cally, attacks against the minority Hindus, Christians, Buddhists, and oth-ers in Bangladesh. 
All too often perpetrators of crimes 
against minorities go unpunished. It is up to the Government of Bangladesh to take action to stop those who incite and commit violence and to protect the rights of these minorities. 
I am introducing a resolution today 
calling on the Government of Ban-gladesh to protect human rights of all its citizens, particularly its vulnerable minorities, strengthen democratic in-stitutions and rule of law, and prevent the growth of extremist groups. 
I ask my colleagues to support this 
resolution to help protect the religious freedoms of all people in Bangladesh. 
f 
MILITARY CHAPLAINS 
(Mr. WESTERMAN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today, as did my colleague, the gentleman from South Carolina, to note that today marks the 240th birth-day of the military Chaplain Corps, which was originally founded by the Continental Congress. 
I stand today to honor the men and 
women who serve the spiritual needs of those in uniform. The military chap-lains who serve and have served brave-ly go with their fellow soldiers into combat theaters not to fight, but to fill the role of pastor, counselor, and lis-tener for our armed services. 
Military chaplains are held in espe-
cially high regard within my own of-fice, with Arkansas National Guard 
Captain David Wittee serving as an Army chaplain in addition to serving as my military affairs liaison and a field representative in the Fourth Dis-trict of Arkansas. 
I want to thank Captain Wittee and 
all military chaplains, both current and past, for their service to their fel-low soldiers and for their service to our Nation. 
f 
RESTORE THE VOTING RIGHTS 
ACT 
(Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, this Confederate flag, which is a symbol of systemic oppression and ra-cial subjugation, was recently lowered in the State of South Carolina. 
But this same flag, which symbolizes 
so many inequities in our country, is still flying high in a figurative sense over our country. 
When the U.S. Supreme Court struck 
down the heart of the Voting Rights Act, it signaled that African American voting rights would no longer be pro-tected. 
Pretending that the legacy of poll 
taxes, literacy tests, and blatant dis-crimination was no longer taking place, the Supreme Court symbolically raised this flag when it gutted the Vot-ing Rights Act. 
Now that this flag has come down 
from the halls of South Carolina, it is time that we lower this flag from its perch over the voting rights of African Americans by passing the legislation in the U.S. Congress to restore the Voting Rights Act. 
f 
MORE SECRETS 
(Mr. POE of Texas asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the 
IRS targeted, intimidated, and har-assed many Americans because of their political philosophy. The people are still waiting for answers about why their government is engaged in this So-viet-style behavior. 
First, 2 years of emails were lost. 
Now we learn that the IRS purposely used an internal messaging system—an office communication server—on the sly. They opted not to archive these messages and kept them secret from the eyes of the citizens and Congress. In one email Lois Lerner apparently was told the messaging system was not archived. Her response? ‘‘Perfect.’’ 
So we will never know what was in 
those messages that were intentionally scrubbed. 
There is a pattern here. The Secretary of State was con-
ducting official business on her own untraceable secret email server, and the taxman used its own ‘‘go dark sys-tem’’ to evade transparency. It is just 
another day with the ‘‘most trans-parent administration in history.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, the public has a right to 
know and get answers to all these scan-dals. After years of stonewalling, it is painfully obvious that this administra-tion will not investigate this adminis-tration. 
And that is just the way it is. 
f 
MEDICARE AND MEDICAID 
(Ms. MATSUI asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize the 50th anniversary of Medicare and Medicaid. 
When President Lyndon B. Johnson 
signed Medicare and Medicaid into law, he proclaimed that: 
‘‘No longer will older Americans be 
denied the healing miracle of modern medicine. No longer will illness crush and destroy the savings that they have so carefully put away over a lifetime so that they might enjoy dignity in their later years. No longer will young fami-lies see their own incomes and their own hopes eaten away simply because they are carrying out their deep moral obligations to their parents.’’ 
We need to continue to keep these 
promises by protecting and expanding Medicare and Medicaid. Together, these two programs provide health cov-erage for our Nation’s seniors, people with disabilities, and moms and fami-lies. We must ensure that these pro-grams are here for now and for future generations. 
f 
EXECUTIVE REGULATORY 
OVERREACH 
(Mr. ALLEN asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, before my 
time in Congress, if someone had told me that I would spend 90 percent of my time fighting executive regulatory overreach, nobody would have believed me, but it is the truth. 
In the past 7 months, I have found 
out how out of control the overreach of this administration truly is. With rules such as the Waters of the United States and the Clean Power Plan from EPA, this administration continues to tram-ple on the rights of our citizens and States while hurting our economy along the way. 
That is why I was pleased to cospon-
sor and vote for the REINS Act. This important legislation requires Con-gress to have 70 legislative days to re-view any rules with an economic im-pact over $100 million and ensures Con-gress has oversight before any major rule goes to the President for a signa-ture. 
By allowing Congress to review these 
rules, we can restore accountability and the power of legislating to the leg-islative branch. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JY7.023 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5610 July 29, 2015 
I thank my colleagues in the House 
for passing this important legislation and call on those in the Senate to take swift action to reduce regulatory over-reach. 
f 
VOTING RIGHTS ACT 
(Mr. GALLEGO asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, on Au-
gust 6, we will celebrate the 50th anni-versary of the Voting Rights Act of 1965. 
Mr. Speaker, this landmark law codi-
fied protections to guarantee every American’s right to vote. For the past five decades, the Voting Rights Act has broken down barriers that discouraged or outright prohibited citizens from voting. 
The VRA led to a more inclusive 
electoral system that increasingly re-flected the diversity of the American people. 
Mr. Speaker, the right to vote is cen-
tral to who we are as Americans and to our democracy. 
But this cornerstone of American 
civil rights is unfortunately being threatened today. In too many places across the country, we have seen new measures that create barriers that make it harder to register or vote. 
On this 50th anniversary, we must re-
double our commitment to strength-ening the Voting Rights Act. We can start by restoring the Voting Rights Act to ensure that the rights of all Americans that go to the ballot box and cast a ballot are protected. 
f 
HONORING ADOLPH KIEFER OF 
WADSWORTH 
(Mr. HULTGREN asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize the ‘‘Father of Swimming,’’ Adolph Kiefer, from Wads-worth, Illinois. 
At age 17, Adolph became the 100- 
meter gold medal winner at the 1936 Berlin Olympics. In addition to earning 17 world records, Adolph was the first man in the world to swim the 100-yard backstroke in under a minute and in-vented a flip turn, still used today. 
In 1947, Adolph founded his own com-
pany, inventing the first plastic kickboard and the first nylon swim-suit. Yet, he has considered teaching others his greatest success. 
Upon joining the Navy, Adolph was 
shocked to learn many of his comrades couldn’t swim. He designed a program to teach millions of recruits what he dubbed the victory backstroke. 
As a youth fitness advocate, he 
served the Red Cross for 25 years, co-ordinating the learn-to-swim campaign for Chicago and overseeing lessons for thousands of children. 
Mr. Kiefer just celebrated his 97th 
birthday and still swims every day. I have submitted a letter of support 
for Mr. Kiefer for the Presidential Medal of Freedom. I urge our country to honor a great man from Illinois’ 14th Congressional District. 
f 
UNFINISHED WORK 
(Ms. PLASKETT asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I am 
upset that the House is heading to Au-gust recess today with so much unfin-ished work in front of us. 
We could be working to find a trans-
portation bill that both we and the Senate can agree on, a bill that would begin to fix our broken roads, bridges, and highways. My district, the Virgin Islands, has been hit by nearly 6 years of substantially reduced Federal high-way funding. 
We could be working on an appropria-
tions bill to fund important work for this country. In my district, the Virgin Islands, the Interior Appropriations bill is vitally important. 
This funding would go toward the 
children in our schools. Right now the schools are not structurally sound and are decaying. In fact, a new school hasn’t been built in my home district on the island of St. Croix or St. Thom-as in the last two decades. 
It is shameful to leave town without 
working on a Voting Rights Act. The ability and ease of access to voting must be expanded, not restricted. It must also be further expanded to in-clude the 4 million Americans who do not have the right to vote for their President simply because they live in a territory. 
These men and women love their 
country, they fight for their country, but they are excluded from the most basic democratic function. 
We could be working to fix these and 
a myriad of other things, but, instead, we are leaving with these matters un-attended. This is an embarrassment to this body and must not happen again. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION 
OF H.R. 1994, VA ACCOUNT-ABILITY ACT OF 2015, AND PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3236, SURFACE TRANSPOR-TATION AND VETERANS HEALTH CARE CHOICE IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2015 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, by di-
rection of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 388 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows: 
H. R ES. 388 
Resolved, That at any time after adoption 
of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1994) to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the removal or demotion of employees of the 
Department of Veterans Affairs based on per-formance or misconduct, and for other pur-poses. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five- minute rule. It shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amend-ment under the five-minute rule the amend-ment in the nature of a substitute rec-ommended by the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs now printed in the bill. The com-mittee amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute shall be considered as read. All points of order against the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute are waived. No amendment to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this res-olution. Each such amendment may be of-fered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be sub-ject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. Any Member may de-mand a separate vote in the House on any amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole to the bill or to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or with-out instructions. 
S
EC. 2. Upon adoption of this resolution it 
shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 3236) to provide an extension of Federal-aid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, to provide resource flexibility to the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs for health care services, and for other purposes. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. The bill shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and on any amendment thereto to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided among and controlled by the respective chairs and rank-ing minority members of the Committees on Transportation and Infrastructure, Ways and Means, and Veterans’ Affairs; and (2) one mo-tion to recommit. 
b1245 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
DUNCAN of Tennessee). The gentleman 
from Texas is recognized for 1 hour. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, for the 
purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS), my friend, 
pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consider-ation of this resolution, all time yield-ed is for the purpose of debate only. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JY7.024 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5611 July 29, 2015 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, we are 
here at the end of the work that we have done before our break home for the August recess, where we will have an opportunity to go back to the Amer-ican people and talk with them as they are in our homes, our cities, our neigh-borhoods, our schools, our firehouses, and our places of worship; and we will have a chance to meet and talk with them about the great work that Repub-licans have achieved and done up here in Washington, D.C., during this first half of the year. 
I am very pleased to know that 
today, as we are preparing to leave to go back home for our district work ses-sion, that we are going to be presenting several bills on the floor that are done to try and move forward not only thoughts and ideas that we have for the House of Representatives but, really, to work in the spirit of things with the other body, the United States Senate, so that we can make sure that the American people, their vision, their needs are before the American people. That is why I am here today. 
Mr. Speaker, last year, the American 
people were shocked, once again, by the news that dozens of our Nation’s veterans were left to die while they waited for medical care in the VA. The VA hospital, which is located in so many of our communities around this great Nation, has simply not performed well and, in several instances, has had shocking results. That is also why we are here today. 
In response, Congress passed some-
thing called the Choice Act, which makes it easier to remove senior ex-ecutives at the VA who had underper-formed, who have not done their job properly on behalf of not just the tax-payers of this country, but on behalf of a grateful Nation who is serving the men and women who have given their very best years and lives to this coun-try through their service to the United States military. 
We believe that removing people who 
cannot make wise choices and deci-sions at the VA was the right thing to do. We were trying to put the Presi-dent, his administration, the Sec-retary, and senior managers at the VA not only on notice that we would not tolerate bad behavior, poor decisions, and ineffective management, but that we were going to do something about it. By the way, we felt like they were underperforming to a deserving crowd, and that is our veterans. 
Well, the President agreed with us, 
too. The bill was signed into law. We got that done last year, the Choice Act. It was a good decision by this body when we faced the times where we rec-ognized in not only a public way, but in 
an outpouring of support from veterans who said this has to change. The Re-publican Congress did just that. 
Our chairman of the Committee on 
Veterans’ Affairs from Florida (Mr. M
ILLER ) very quickly and clearly went 
and did an investigation on a bipar-tisan basis, looked at the VA, and made these decisions. That was what we did a year ago. 
Since then, only two VA employees 
have been fired for their role in what is now known as the waiting list scandal. What is this waiting list scandal? The waiting list scandal is a way by which the VA denied veterans an opportunity to come and get the health care that they needed by stringing them out and then deceiving others—including them-selves in the VA—about what the wait-ing times were. They deceived not only these people who were given these long dates; they deceived the management. They also deceived the United States Congress. 
Well, as happens many times, people 
find out. Well, we did find out. This meant that the deaths that were cov-ered up, the veterans that were ne-glected, and the statistics that were provided to us and others were altered. 
One year later, the waiting list grows 
longer and longer and longer for every-one. No doubt, we gave the administra-tion the tools that they asked for that they agree with. Only two people have been fired. 
Mr. Speaker, we were sincere about 
what we did by giving them the author-ity and the responsibility. We expected them to clean it up. I look to not only our chairman, J
EFF MILLER , but we 
look to the VA also to stand up and say they disagreed with that. Not much has happened—certainly not enough. 
We are back here again. Poor per-
formances and bad actors still continue to undermine the VA. They continue to undermine not only the scheduling, they undermine the service; they un-dermine the quality that should be available to our veterans. As a result of this, the ability that we think we are providing to our veterans is dimin-ished. The care for our veterans, wounded and sick veterans, continues to lag. 
Republicans are back at the table. 
Our young chairman, J
EFFMILLER , has 
stayed at the table. He has stayed working on this issue on a bipartisan basis with the members of the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs by knowing what is happening all across this coun-try, learning more about not just the facts of the case, but the stories that come from the veterans themselves, the stories that may come from people who are inside the VA. They are impor-tant to us learning what is really hap-pening. 
Because the VA has a long and well- 
documented history of failing to hold employees accountable, we are back here today with another bill. That is right, another bill that we are going to handle on the floor by this Republican House with Democrats on a bipartisan 
basis, to make it easier to remove or demote employees who do not do their job and who need to be out of that or-ganization. 
We are going to give this organiza-
tion exactly what they are asking for again. We are going to give the VA and their new Veterans Secretary the abil-ity to clean up their mess. We are try-ing our best to hold them accountable yet, at the same time, expect them to do the right thing. 
Yesterday, in testimony, we had our 
chairman say he has confidence in the Secretary; he has confidence that the Secretary can adjust and make these changes, but the law needs to be up-dated and changed. 
That is why we are here today, to 
give the VA the tools that they need— just like when I was a manager in the private sector, I needed the tools to run my organization properly and ef-fectively—the ability to move employ-ees that were not doing their job—per-haps it is a bad fit—or to get rid of em-ployees or even fire them if they are not only not performing their job, but deceptively trying to harm patients in the process. 
Mr. Speaker, this bill would send a 
clear message to employees of the VA, and we intend to do that today. We are going to send a very clear message to them that they either perform properly or, if they are harming our effort to help our veterans, it is time for them to leave. If they are not up to doing the task very well, this Department will be given the opportunity, the law, and the leverage to do just that. 
This bill would send another impor-
tant signal also. If you choose to dem-onstrate the moral courage necessary to stand up for veterans and to blow the whistle on those who are not, we want to make sure that you are pro-tected, that you can come forth inside your own organization of the VA to re-port and root out bad behavior. We must fix this. 
Mr. Speaker, too many times, the 
testimony yesterday revealed that these VA facilities in location after lo-cation after location around this coun-try are deathtraps for our veterans. 
These elder gentlemen, veterans who 
go to seek help, they know it is a deathtrap; and that is why we need to also address this, for the safety of men and women who have protected this great Nation. 
Congress needs to make it clear—and 
we can today—that supervisors at the VA cannot retaliate against whistle-blowers. 
If there is somebody in the organiza-
tion who is willing to tell the truth and come forward, you cannot retaliate against them because they are going to tell the truth about the poor service and responsibility toward aiding our veterans. It will not be tolerated. 
Every Member of this body will have 
an equal opportunity today to say that is the right thing to do because this is what the Secretary is asking for. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JY7.025 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5612 July 29, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, the American people de-
serve to know that, when our veterans are treated poorly, this bill would help them; when our VA employees under-stand that somebody who was going to turn a blind eye before now, we will no longer do that. 
We are going to give the VA the tools 
to root out the problems, to make this better, so that we can honestly look at our men and women and say: Thank you for your service; this grateful Na-tion does care about you. 
Mr. Speaker, it is time for sweeping 
cultural changes at the VA. It is time to remove the bureaucrats who will make excuses, who will hide things, and who will make circumstances dan-gerous and worse for our veterans. 
It is time to hold senior executives 
accountable when the VA underper-forms, and that is why I am joining the American Legion, the VFW, and other veterans associations in supporting H.R. 1994. That is what the testimony revealed yesterday at the Committee on Rules when we heard from not only the chairman of the committee, but others about the importance of this bill. 
This rule would also provide for de-
bate for H.R. 3236, the Surface Trans-portation and Veterans Health Care Choice Improvement Act of 2015. We have two specific purposes that we are here for: first, for the VA; and, second, to make sure that we authorize an ex-tension for the Federal surface trans-portation program through October 29. 
It is a well-known understanding 
that our young chairman, B
ILLSHU-
STER , of the Committee on Transpor-
tation and Infrastructure has been working and working and working. We indicated last year in November and, again, in December that we would allow an extension to this date from last year; and Chairman S
HUSTER said 
he thought he could have a deal by now. 
Well, as it turned out, the United 
States Senate is debating that this week. They are going through a weeklong process to determine what they would like their transportation bill to be like. The bottom line is a thousand-page bill that has not yet passed, that we do not know the sub-stance of, and we are not going to agree with sight unseen. 
Our young chairman, B
ILLSHUSTER , 
has asked that we offer a very polite and reasonable option, and that is give us an opportunity to review this. They have done the hard work, the United States Senate. We will do the same, and we will get that done by October 29. 
b1300 
It would also avoid a shortfall that 
would keep the VA from closing hos-pitals across this country. 
Mr. Speaker, this is the substance of 
what this rule and the underlying leg-islation is all about. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the 
gentleman from Texas for yielding me the customary 30 minutes, and I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to 
the rule and the underlying bills, H.R. 3236, the Surface Transportation and Veterans Health Care Choice Improve-ment Act, and H.R. 1994, the VA Ac-countability Act. 
Yet again, we have a grab bag rule 
that covers multiple bills on wildly dif-ferent subjects—in this case, transpor-tation and veterans care—in one bill; and yet we have a closed rule that is pushing through a last-minute deal that kicks the can down the road yet again on highway reauthorization when there is reason to believe that, if we simply stayed in town and worked another week, we might be able to work with the Senate to get to an end point with regard to a long-term reau-thorization. 
The closed rule here limits the dis-
cussion of alternatives on the issue of transportation funding. Even worse, the bill has two entirely unrelated as-pects. I have never heard of a crazier name than the Surface Transportation and Veterans Health Care Choice Im-provement Act. 
This is part of the problem of this 
body over the last several years. Re-publican leadership has moved towards doing more and more omnibuses and minibuses. That means combining dis-parate bills—transportation, vet-erans—into one bill, which isn’t healthy for the accountability of this body among the electorate. 
If you vote against this bill, for in-
stance, because you don’t like the transportation provisions, does that mean you are against veterans? If you don’t like the veterans provisions and you vote against this bill, does that mean you are against transportation? How easy it would be to simply have two votes on each of these bills so Members on both sides of the aisle can vote their conscience and our constitu-ents can hold us accountable. 
Of course, it is necessary to give the 
VA the authority to transfer $3.3 bil-lion for healthcare services. There is strong agreement on both sides. We could run the bill through on suspen-sion. We wouldn’t even need to open it up for a rule. It would pass with more than a two-thirds vote. But there are problematic additions attached to that part of the bill. It is also combined with yet another temporary fix for our Nation’s highway system, instead of trying to stay in town another week and work on a more permanent fix to help meet the needs of the transpor-tation arteries of our country. 
As you know, Mr. Speaker, 54 percent 
of our Nation’s major roads and bridges are rated poor or mediocre. Forty-five percent of Americans don’t have access to public transit. Congestion produced by our legislative failures here wastes valuable time and money and detracts from the growth of the American econ-omy. It is estimated Americans will lose 8.4 billion hours and 4.45 billion gallons of gas over a decade. That means the average consumer is wasting 
$800 a year and 5 full days of their life away from their kids, away from their family, simply sitting in traffic. Mr. Speaker, that is unacceptable. 
My constituents are no strangers to 
traffic. If you have been to Fort Col-lins, one of the largest cities in my dis-trict and home to one of our great uni-versities, you will find that on highway 25 my constituents endure gridlocked traffic at rush hour, doubling or tri-pling their commuting times. 
Expansion of highway 25 and high- 
speed rail along highway 70 and high-way 36 have been given completion dates of decades from now—60 years, in some cases. Try to imagine being told your doctor wants to slowly break down blockages in your arteries over a period of 60 years. You won’t make it that far. 
Our communities need to do some-
thing about traffic now. Tourism and commerce are the lifeblood of Fort Col-lins, Boulder, and our mountain com-munities like Vail, Frisco, and Breckenridge. For these towns to sur-vive and thrive, we need to tackle our transportation funding needs head-on. 
From our other speakers, you will 
hear a lot about the Export-Import Bank, the one item that somehow, with this grab bag that includes veterans and transportation, there is a strong bipartisan majority for reauthorizing the Export-Import Bank. In fact, 67 Senators in the Republican-led Senate voted to reauthorize the Export-Import Bank, and yet somehow that item didn’t make the grab bag. 
If Congress fails to act, one of the 
most important items is it will result concretely in the loss of tens of thou-sands of American jobs and make American companies less competitive for exports at a time when global com-petitiveness and the global economy is more important than ever, which was left out of this grab bag of bills. 
I understand ideological issues with 
the Export-Import Bank. In a perfect world, I would agree with my col-leagues who argue we shouldn’t need to do this kind of effective subsidy for ex-porters; but if other countries are doing it and it is permissible under WTO and trade rules, we would truly be idiots to unilaterally disarm and not engage in a legal practice that facili-tates the credit of American exporting businesses. Effectively, it would lead to the exporting of more jobs overseas and making American companies less com-petitive in selling their products. 
So, by all means, let’s have the dis-
cussion around multilateral adjust-ments to the type of credit facilities that countries can engage in with ex-porting countries, but let’s not look at unilateral disarmament that makes America less competitive and destroys jobs. 
You will hear a lot about how simple 
it would be, my colleagues would indi-
cate, to simply get this done before we leave. Isn’t it worth another week of our time to save tens of thousands of American jobs? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JY7.026 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5613 July 29, 2015 
The second part of the rule, H.R. 1994, 
the VA Accountability Act, one of the main problems with it is it would cre-ate a culture of fear that would imperil the services our veterans need and de-serve. 
The tragedy in the Phoenix VA sys-
tem is an example. It became known because of a few courageous whistle-blowers. Had this legislation been in place, this tragedy could have been swept under the rug for many more years. 
Without whistleblowers and strong 
whistleblower protections, the VA hos-pital debacle in my State of Colorado, in Aurora, could have even been a worse situation, if you can imagine that. 
This legislation is not just bad for 
whistleblowers, it is also unconstitu-tional. Supreme Court case law has clearly outlined the due process that employees have before their jobs are taken away. This bill turns its back on due process and allows any VA em-ployee to be fired on the spot for ret-ribution. 
The limited process provided in this 
legislation is far below the constitu-tional requirements, which is why the President has promised to veto this bill. All this bill is attempting to do is destroy the whistleblower and profes-sional civil service system and, thus, the livelihood of thousands and the quality of service to our veterans. 
The appropriate action is to get the 
VA to do their job through appropriate legislation which creates true account-ability, which this bill fails to achieve, or discuss how we might reform the dollars we allocate to the VA to best serve our veterans, however possible. 
We will debate an alternative today 
by my colleague, Mr. T
AKANO of Cali-
fornia, that would retain due process but allows the VA to immediately fire any employee who poses a health or safety risk to veterans. Additionally, it prevents employees from staying on paid administrative leave—even being bounced around the VA—by limiting the time to 2 weeks, a similarity to one of the positive aspects of the bill before us today. 
Mr. T
AKANO ’s legislation, for exam-
ple, would have allowed the VA to im-mediately fire those responsible for the Phoenix scandal and kept in place the whistleblower protections that allowed us to find out about the Phoenix scan-dal. 
Mr. Speaker, for these reasons, I op-
pose the rule and the underlying legis-lation, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I admire the gentleman very much. 
We work very well together. But I think it is a misstatement to say that this bill would allow people to be fired on the spot at the VA. That is cer-tainly, I don’t believe, true at all. I be-lieve it would have to be with cause, and the VA would have to have a rea-son. There is nothing in this legislation 
where we would empower people to do things that would not follow proper Federal law nor established rules of procedure for the employee to have the proper amount of protection. But what is stated and understood is, where an employee has been underperforming, misperforming, or has violated their oath of office, where they have a dili-gence to people under their care or where they have done intentional deeds and then tried to cover it up, that would be cause, and that is what this is about. 
This is not about firing someone on 
the spot. I think it would be a misstatement to try and characterize this important legislation that has been well thought through, as well as worked out with the VA, as being from that perspective. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, if we defeat 
the previous question, I will offer an amendment to allow the House to vote on reauthorizing the Export-Import Bank, as proposed by Mr. F
INCHER yes-
terday. It is the same exact language that passed the Senate by a vote of 67– 29. 
Mr. Speaker, the Export-Import 
Bank allows American businesses to compete in global markets and sup-ports hundreds of thousands of jobs. 
I yield 3 minutes to the distinguished 
gentleman from Maryland (Mr. H
OYER ), 
the Democratic whip, to discuss our proposal. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank Mr. P
OLIS from 
Colorado for yielding. 
I rise in opposition to this rule. This 
is our last day in session before we leave for 5 or 6 weeks. We then will have 13 days before the end of the fiscal year. We have a number of things that the American public expects us to do that enjoys almost universal support on this floor, one of which enjoys a sig-nificant majority of support on this floor. 
Mr. Speaker, let me quote the Speak-
er of this House, J
OHN BOEHNER . 
‘‘Above all else,’’ he said as he assumed the Speakership, ‘‘we will welcome the battle of ideas, encourage it, engage in it—openly, honestly, and respectfully.’’ 
‘‘As the Chamber,’’ he went on to 
say, ‘‘closest to the people, the House works best when it is allowed to work its will.’’ He then said, ‘‘I ask all Mem-bers of this body to join me in recog-nizing this common truth.’’ Al Gore, the former Vice-President of the United States, would observe, however, that is an inconvenient truth. 
It is an inconvenient truth because 
the chairman of the Financial Services Committee, representing the minority of this House, is opposed to the Export- Import Bank. He has been opposed to it since we adopted it in 2012, with an overwhelming majority of votes from both sides of the aisle—as a matter of fact, a unanimous vote from the Demo-cratic side of the aisle and over 140 Members from the Republican side of the aisle—just 3 years ago. This rule makes in order, as the gen-
tleman noticed, two bills, one of which I vigorously oppose but won’t spend a lot of time on. While the gentleman is probably correct that it is not imme-diate firing, it is a substantial under-mining of the Civil Service Act adopted so that we would not have a patronage, politically ridden system, but a civil service system based on merit. 
This bill then makes in order an ex-
tension of the highway bill, which cer-tainly we ought to do. It is somewhat ironic that we say it is a 3-month ex-tension. We passed a 5-month exten-sion. I voted for the 5-month extension. Everybody ought to know that we fund it for 5 months, of course. We call it a 3-month extension. I hope that will sat-isfy Senator M
CCONNELL so that he can 
then pass it. 
We then provide for $3.3 billion so 
that we will make sure our veterans hospitals and medical care stays in op-eration. Both of those could have been passed on this House floor by unani-mous consent. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. POLIS. I yield the gentleman an 
additional 1 minute. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman. We now leave for another month the 
Export-Import Bank, which is respon-sible for the creation and retaining of jobs in America. 
We all talk about jobs in America, 
but the Speaker has said, again, that the failure to pass this bill is losing jobs right now. And yet my Republican friends, in tipping their hat to the chairman of the Financial Services Committee, say we are not going to consider that, as they did last month in July. I know we haven’t gotten out of July yet, but we will go through Au-gust, and then we will go through Sep-tember. 
Mr. F
INCHER tells me he thinks that 
bill will be brought to the floor in some form or another in September, but it will have cost us jobs and competitive-ness overseas with the 60 countries that have an export-import bank that are making sure that the purchases of their goods made in their countries are cheaper than the goods sold in our country. That costs American jobs. 
b1315 
We ought to reject this rule, and we 
ought to do what the Speaker of the House said we ought to do; treat one another with respect, and let the House work its will. 
There are 240-plus, maybe 250, maybe 
260, maybe 270 votes. You only need 218 to pass the Export-Import Bank on this floor. 
I will yield to anybody who says: No, 
Mr. H
OYER , you are wrong; it doesn’t 
have the majority vote. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has again ex-pired. 
Mr. POLIS. I yield the gentleman an 
additional 30 seconds. 
Mr. HOYER. I will yield to anybody 
on this floor who will say: Mr. H
OYER , 
you are wrong. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JY7.027 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5614 July 29, 2015 
Apparently, there is nobody on the 
floor who is going to suggest that the will of this House, as represented by a majority that would vote on this bill, would not be for extending the Export- Import Bank, saving American jobs, making sure that America is competi-tive in the international markets. 
My colleagues, reject this rule. Exer-
cise our responsibility to the American people and to American workers, and let’s pass the Export-Import Bank today before we go home. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I want to thank the distinguished 
gentleman for not only his words and the spirit of what he said, but I want him to know that, several years ago, as he approached me as I became chair-man of the Rules Committee, I assured the gentleman that I would do my very best, within my ability, and he has done also, as well as his team that also sits at the Rules Committee. 
I want to thank the distinguished 
gentleman because part of what our job is, yes, to represent our Speaker and the things that are done, but also to make sure the spirit in which we do it is done properly, and I appreciate the 
gentleman. I think his spirit was good today. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. W
ELCH ), a member of the 
Oversight and Government Reform committee and a former member of the Rules Committee. 
Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, two of the 
things a proud and confident and re-sponsible nation will do—no matter how challenging—are, one, to invest in its future and, two, to care for its vet-erans. This bill pretends to do both. Actually, it does neither. 
Yes, it will keep the highway bill on 
life support for another short-term ex-tension. It used to be 5 months. Now, it is going to be 3 months. 
Yes, it will allow the VA to make in-
ternal fund transfers to keep our hos-pitals open through September, but once again, in another act of serial ir-responsibility, Congress is ignoring its duty to do its job of passing a long- term transportation bill. 
It leaves our communities and States 
in suspension. It recklessly adds unnec-essary construction costs to our tax-payers and lets potholes get deeper and bridges more dangerous. We need a long-term transportation bill—6 years, not 3 months. 
Regarding the VA, do we meet our 
obligations to provide for the health care of our veterans through internal fund transfers? Our veterans and our VA need a fully funded budget. It needs funds, not fund transfers. 
Veteran healthcare demand shot up 
10 percent, but the budget is only up 2.8 percent, shackled by mindless and de-structive sequester caps. We should end them. 
Mr. Speaker, this bill is not written 
to address problems; it is designed to deny they exist. Mr. Speaker, this bill is not an exam-
ple of Congress doing its job; it is yet another example of Congress evading 
its responsibilities. 
I will vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). 
(Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was 
given permission to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, let 
me thank the gentleman from Colo-rado, and let me thank my good friend from Texas as well. Let me use a great philosopher’s statement of a couple of decades ago: ‘‘Can we all get along?’’ 
As I stand here, on the Surface 
Transportation and Veterans Health Care Choice Improvement Act of 2015 that is now with the rule before us, it is obvious that we are trying to take a divergent pathway. 
I was one of the first Members of 
Congress to go down in front of my vet-erans hospital to stand and to demand quality health care for our veterans, to ask that the system be fixed. I take no backseat, along with other Members, to ensuring that our veterans get what they need, and stand in line to make sure that they are not defaulted on by the American people. 
H.R. 1994 eliminates the due process 
rights of whistleblowers who have been key to drawing attention to any ma-nipulation or coverups taking place. They are bringing back to the floor this bill, calling it an accountability bill; but, in essence, it is to go after hard-working employees and fire them and eliminating their opportunity to explain or to have due process. That is not the American way. 
This is not a bill that helps veterans. 
In fact, it takes away consistent, long- working employers who see something and say something, and so I am voting ‘‘no’’ on the bill and this rule. 
Then the surface transportation had 
a wonderful opportunity to do a 6-year bill, to look for pay-fors that Members could bring together and support; yet my metro, the Houston metro, will be suffering. Our highways and other sur-face transportation entities, safety will be suffering. Employees will not be paid. 
Here we go again with a short-term 
opportunity. I remember doing a 6-year transportation bill, where I opened up the hike and bike trails of my commu-nity in Houston. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. POLIS. I yield the gentlewoman 
an additional 10 seconds. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. I would offer to 
say that a highway bill, 6 years, or a surface transportation bill for 6 years is a bipartisan American way to do things. 
Why don’t we do that for the Amer-
ican people and do it now? Vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule. 
Mr. Speaker, as a senior member of the 
Homeland Security, I rise to speak on H.R. 3236, Surface Transportation and Veterans 
Health Care Choice Improvement Act of 2015,’’ which reauthorizes federal-aid highway and transit programs for three months— through October 29, 2015—by transferring $8.1 billion from other federal funds to the Highway Trust Fund to cover projected trust fund shortfalls over that time period. 
The bill also allows the Veterans Affairs De-
partment (VA) to use $3.4 billion provided last year for the Veterans Choice health care pro-gram to pay for care provided since May 1 to veteran patients by non-VA providers under VA Care in the Community programs. 
The bill also is intended to give the VA the 
funding flexibility needed to prevent the pos-sible closure of some VA hospitals in coming weeks. 
Mr. Speaker, instead of this 90-day tem-
porary extension, I would have strongly pre-ferred that we were debating a comprehen-sive, fair, equitable, and long-term transpor-tation reauthorization bill the nation des-perately needs. We have had two years to do so. 
Democrats want such a bill as does the 
President, but apparently our friends across the aisle do not since they have spent the last two years wasting time on advocating policies wanted by no one except for the right-wing ex-tremists of the Tea Party. 
But I reluctantly support this emergency but 
temporary measure because as the Depart-ment of Transportation has reported, if we do not act now highway trust fund balances by the beginning of August will reach dangerously low levels and result in a reduction of pay-ments to states by an average of 28 percent. 
Many states have already begun to cancel 
or delay planned construction projects, threat-ening 700,000 thousands of jobs, including 106,100 jobs in my home state of Texas. 
Mr. Speaker, the Highway Trust Fund was 
created in 1956 during the Eisenhower Admin-istration to help finance construction of the Interstate Highway System, which modernized the nation’s transportation infrastructure and was instrumental in making the United States the world’s dominant economic power for two generations. 
Our national leaders then understood that 
investing in our roads and bridges strength-ened our economy, created millions of good- paying jobs, and improved the quality of life for all Americans. 
It is currently composed of two accounts 
that fund federal-aid highway and transit projects built by states. Federal funding from the trust fund accounts for a major portion of state transportation spending. 
The Highway Trust Fund is financed by gas-
oline and diesel taxes, which until the last dec-ade produced a steady increase in revenues sufficient to accommodate increased levels of spending on highway and transit projects. 
However, those tax rates—18.4 cents/gallon 
federal tax on gasoline and a 24.4 cents/gal-lon tax on diesel fuel—have remained un-changed since 1993 and were not indexed to inflation so the value of those revenues has eroded over the years, and, combined with the fact that vehicles have been getting increas-ingly better mileage, the revenues deposited into the Highway Trust Fund beginning last decade have not kept pace with highway and transit spending from the trust fund. 
Consequently, since 2008, Congress has 
periodically had to transfer at the 11th hour 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K29JY7.029 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5615 July 29, 2015 
general Treasury revenues into the trust fund 
to pay for authorized highway and transit spending levels and avoid a funding shortfall. 
The total amount to date is more than $54 
billion. 
Obviously, this practice is economically inef-
ficient and injects uncertainty in the highway construction plans, projects, and schedules of state and local transportation agencies, not to mention the anxiety it causes to workers and businesses whose economic livelihood is de-pendent on those projects. 
Mr. Speaker, the last transportation author-
ized by Congress for 4 years or more, SAFETEA–LU, expired on September 30, 2009, at the end of FY 2009. 
Because Congress and the Administration 
could not agree to a new reauthorization, it was necessary to resort to stop-gap temporary extensions on no less than eight occasions spanning a period of 910 days before Con-gress finally enacted the Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act’’ (MAP–21 Act) on July 6, 2012, which reauthorized high-way and transportation programs through Fis-cal Year 2014, a little more than two years, or until September 30, 2014. 
MAP–21 was intended as a short-term 
measure to give Congress and the Administra-tion breathing room to reach agreement on a long-term reauthorization bill. 
Yet, as Mr. L
EVIN, the Ranking Member of 
the Ways and Means Committee, has often pointed out, since gaining the majority in 2010, our Republican colleagues have failed to take any action to sustain the Highway Trust Fund over the long-term and shore up vital infra-structure projects and has not held even a sin-gle hearing on financing options for the High-way Trust Fund. 
Instead, House Republicans have wasted 
the nation’s time voting to repeal the Afford-able Care Act at least 59 times, waging a War on Women, pursuing partisan investigations into Benghazi, the IRS, and the trying to over-turn President Obama’s executive actions that make our immigration enforcement laws less inhumane. 
Instead of doing their job, House Repub-
licans big new idea is to attack the President for doing his job. 
Mr. Speaker, it is long past time for this 
Congress, and especially the House majority, to focus on the real problems and challenges facing the American people. 
And one of the biggest of those challenges 
is ensuring that America has a transportation policy and the infrastructure needed to com-pete and win in the global economy of the 21st Century. 
To do that we have to extend the reauthor-
ization of current transportation programs and to authorize the transfer of the funds to the Highway Trust Fund needed to fund author-ized construction projects and keep 700,000 workers, including 106,100 in Texas on the job. 
But that is only a start and just a part of our 
job. 
The real work that needs to be done in the 
remaining days of this Congress is to reach an agreement on a long-term highway and trans-portation bill that is fair, equitable, fiscally re-sponsible, creates jobs and leads to sustained economic growth. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I con-
tinue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
3⁄4 
minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY ), the 
ranking member of the Financial Serv-ices Subcommittee on Capital Markets and Government Sponsored Enter-prises. 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. Mr. Speaker, this weekend, 64 Senators voted to renew the Export- Import Bank’s charter, which expired on June 30. More than 240 Members are on record supporting the Bank, and ac-cording to The Wall Street Journal, there are many more. 
As I quote, ‘‘some Republicans esti-
mated that as many as 300 of the 434 current House Members’’ would sup-port a measure similar to the one that passed the Senate; yet despite this overwhelming support, we have been denied a vote on the House of Rep-resentatives to renew the Export-Im-port Bank. 
Last year, Ex-Im helped underwrite 
over $27 billion in U.S. exports. It sup-ported thousands of small businesses and about 164,000 jobs across our coun-try. Since 2009, the Bank has supported over 1.3 million jobs. The Bank does all of this at no cost—no cost—to the American taxpayer. In fact, the Ex-Im Bank sent over $675 million to the Treasury last year—actual dollars—to help pay down the deficit. 
According to a letter sent by CBO 
just last week, using accounting stand-ards, reauthorizing the Ex-Im would save taxpayers $2.3 billion over the next 5 years; yet American companies have been disadvantaged. They have been unilaterally disadvantaged of hav-ing the export assistance that over 60 different nations are providing their export-import banks. 
Only 1 of the top 10 exporting coun-
tries in the world does not have an ex-port credit agency now that can fi-nance export deals—just one—and that is the United States of America. That is because this Congress failed to do what every other Congress has done since FDR, and that is to reauthorize the Export-Import Bank. 
It creates jobs, creates money for the 
Treasury. It helps small businesses. 
Vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question, 
‘‘no’’ on the rule. Let’s bring it to the floor today for a vote. 
[From the Wall Street Journal, July 28, 2015] 
SMALL BUSINESSES BEARBURDEN OF EX-IM 
BANKSHUTDOWN  
(By Nick Timiraos and Kristina Peterson) 
WASHINGTON .—Political opponents have 
managed to shut the U.S. Export-Import Bank for the most of the summer by arguing it rewards politically connected corporate giants. 
But the bank and its supporters say the 
burden of the agency’s shutdown for now will hit small businesses that lack the resources of industrial titans such as Boeing Co. and General Electric Co. 
‘‘Small businesses are the ones that are 
going to be hurt first and the most,’’ said Rep. Denny Heck (D., Wash.), a proponent of reauthorizing the bank’s charter. 
The Ex-Im Bank, a federal agency that fi-
nances exports, stopped accepting new loans at the beginning of July after Congress al-
lowed its charter to expire. While a majority of lawmakers in Congress support reauthor-izing the 81-year-old agency in some form, conservative Republicans who control key leadership positions have so far prevented a vote in the House of Representatives. 
Supporters had pinned their hopes on re-
opening the bank as part of a bill extending highway funding that expires Friday. But House and Senate leaders have had trouble agreeing on that transportation measure be-fore their annual August recess that begins this week, which means they are likely to leave Washington without addressing the Ex- Im Bank. 
The bank’s backers have sought to rally 
support in recent weeks by highlighting the potential for lost sales at small businesses, a group that is both politically sympathetic and close to lawmakers in almost every con-gressional district. 
President Barack Obama has called on 
Congress to reauthorize the agency, and most of the bank’s supporters expect law-makers to follow suit later this year. On Monday, 64 senators voted for an amendment to reopen the bank, and some Republicans estimated that at least 300 of the 434 current House lawmakers would vote similarly, given the chance. 
‘‘At some point we’ll miss out on a busi-
ness opportunity that will be of such mag-nitude that it will catch the attention of the public, and we’ll respond,’’ said Rep. Frank Lucas (R., Okla.), who supports the bank’s reauthorization. 
Additional opportunities to resuscitate the 
agency will arrive when Congress passes a spending measure needed to avoid a partial government shutdown by Oct. 1 or if the House and Senate negotiate a long-term highway bill in the fall. 
Still, some lawmakers said the way in 
which the bank has missed multiple opportu-nities to stay open exposes the political chal-lenges ahead. ‘‘I wouldn’t hold my breath that it’s going to get funded in September,’’ said Rep. Matt Salmon, an Arizona Repub-lican who supports the bank. 
Big businesses say closing the bank for 
good will leave them at enough of a dis-advantage against European and Asian com-petitors, which benefit from export-credit agencies at home, that they will move pro-duction abroad. For now, they say they are getting along fine. 
‘‘This is not something that creates near- 
term financial risk for Boeing,’’ said Dennis Muilenburg, the company’s chief executive, on a conference call with reporters last week. 
Indeed, one risk for the bank is that its ab-
sence hasn’t had any immediate shock. ‘‘The Export-Import Bank expired,’’ said Sen. Ted Cruz (R., Texas), one of the bank’s loudest critics, at a recent rally on Capitol Hill. ‘‘You notice the sky hasn’t fallen?’’ 
Critics of the bank say Washington 
shouldn’t be picking winners and losers, and that any hardship for businesses is part of a necessary recalibration. 
The bank says that view is short-sighted. 
‘‘When our charter lapses, you won’t read about massive layoffs in the paper. Small businesses don’t put out press releases when they lose out on a sale,’’ Fred Hochberg, chairman of the Ex-Im Bank who in the 1990s worked closely with entrepreneurs as an offi-cial at the Small Business Administration, said before the bank closed last month. 
Around 90% of loans backed by Ex-Im 
Bank last year went to small businesses, the highest level in more than a decade. Small businesses represent a much smaller share of loans by dollar volume, around 25%, because Ex-Im backs expensive loans for aircraft and other industrial equipment makers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.004 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5616 July 29, 2015 
Some businesses and their workers say 
that count overlooks firms that don’t export directly but feed into supply chains. Yanke Machine Shop Inc. in Boise, Idaho, was one of 22 different U.S. companies that fulfilled an order for 150 pieces of construction equip-ment worth $37 million for a 2013 engineering project in Cameroon. 
‘‘What a lapse does is it kills opportunity. 
You’ve got to have opportunity before you have work on the floor,’’ said Dirk Christison, who works in customer support for the heavy-steel fabrication company. 
At risk could be deals like one that Ray 
Garcia Jr., the principal of an energy con-sulting firm that arranges investment for in-frastructure projects in Latin America, has put together to export American equipment for a $300 million gas-to-liquid plant in Para-guay. 
He said the project is one of three in South 
and Central America that is now in limbo. ‘‘We have spent two years developing these projects just to have the rug pulled out from under us for political reasons,’’ said Mr. Gar-cia, a self-described conservative Republican from Houston. 
Mr. Garcia said that without Ex-Im, the 
deal would go to a foreign company or large multinational, leaving his U.S. manufactur-ers without contracts. ‘‘Small businesses that do not have $1 billion in capital to fa-cilitate projects like these do benefit and can compete on a global platform armed with Ex-Im Bank,’’ he said. 
Ex-Im’s Bank limbo state stands in con-
trast to those of a similar agency. When the Small Business Administration last week stopped accepting new loans under its flag-ship program, which reached its borrowing limit on Thursday, the House and Senate quickly passed an extension. 
Because existing loans aren’t imperiled by 
the Ex-Im Bank’s shutdown, the lapse cre-ated a ‘‘soft landing’’ for most customers, said Gary Mendell, president of Meridian Fi-nance Group in Santa Monica, Calif., which arranges financing for exporters. ‘‘We’ve been telling customers to see if you can stand tough until the end of July,’’ he said. 
As the prospect of Ex-Im Bank’s reauthor-
ization grows more distant, Mr. Mendell said more firms will run into difficulty as their working-capital loans or credit insurance ex-pires. An overlooked casualty, he added, is that small businesses that have never ex-ported have virtually no financing options right now. 
‘‘If the private sector were interested in 
doing this, they would be doing it by now,’’ said Mr. Mendell. 
Even the bank’s critics have taken note of 
the potential plight of small firms. On the eve of the agency’s shutdown last month, Sen. David Vitter (R., La.), expressed alarm that financing for thousands of small busi-nesses might be at stake and said the agency should come up with a way for those compa-nies to secure financing from the SBA. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I con-
tinue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
3⁄4 
minutes to the gentleman from Wash-ington (Mr. H
ECK), a member of the Fi-
nancial Services Committee and a lead-er in the effort to reauthorize the Ex-port-Import Bank. 
Mr. HECK of Washington. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise to ask the Chamber to reject the rule so that we might, indeed, offer an amendment to reauthorize the Ex-port-Import Bank for three reasons. 
One, it is the will of the United 
States Congress; two, it does good; three, if we don’t do it, great harm will 
be visited upon the American economy. 
It has already been, I think, very 
clearly demonstrated it is the will of this body, both in the Senate and here. 
I do want to remind you that, for 81 
years, 16 times, Democrats and Repub-licans, no matter how conservative or how liberal, the United States has re-authorized the Export-Import Bank. It does good. That is why they do it. 
In fact, I would respectfully suggest 
that the votes were there in Rules Committee yesterday to allow this amendment. The good gentleman from Texas who chairs—and he is a gen-tleman; he is a good gentleman— opened up his comments by saying 9,000 jobs in and around his district in the State of Texas, attributable to the Ex-port-Import Bank, they hang in the balance. 
It does good—last year, 164,000 jobs 
supported by the Export-Import Bank, $675 million transferred to the Treas-ury. It reduces the deficit. It creates jobs. Why don’t we want more of this? Call me crazy, I guess. 
If we don’t do it, harm will come to 
us. Read this morning’s Wall Street Journal. Small businesses already—not prospectively—are already suffering job loss in States throughout this great country. 
The fact of the matter is not reau-
thorizing does constitute unilateral disarmament. About 3 weeks ago, two academics, one from Canada, one from New York, concluded the big winner if we fail to reauthorize. It is China. They are rubbing their hands. They are rub-bing their hands. 
Listen, this isn’t about software or 
apples or film. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. POLIS. I yield an additional 30 
seconds to the gentleman. 
Mr. HECK of Washington. It is about 
our manufacturing base. Who says we don’t need more good manufacturing jobs? We need more good manufac-turing jobs. 
Let me conclude on this note. Omi-
nously, and without drama, hear me, from my heart to your ears. In the very near future, major manufacturers will announce that they are offshoring cer-tain manufacturing capacity because they have to, to compete in a global economy. The global economy has in-creased fivefold since 1980. 
Get in the game, people. Reauthorize 
the Export-Import Bank. Defeat the rule. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I want 
to thank the gentleman for his kind words, not only of truth, but also I want to thank him for coming up and being with several other Members who sat through hours’ worth of debate and discussion. 
Mr. H
ECKserved honorably well yes-
terday, and he does again today, and I thank him very much. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I say to my 
colleague from Texas, we have so many speakers on our side of the aisle—in 
fact, both sides of the aisle—folks like Mr. F
INCHER and others who want to 
reauthorize the Export-Import Bank. 
If he has additional time, I know that 
our Members would also appreciate the opportunity to talk about it, as our time is running short. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
3⁄4minutes to 
the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. K IL-
DEE), a member of the Financial Serv-
ices Committee. 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank 
my friend for yielding. 
I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this rule so 
that we can bring up, as my colleagues have said, something that ought to be done in a bipartisan fashion, with little significant opposition, and that is the reauthorization of an entity that helps drive the American economy, put Americans to work, and helps us to compete in an increasingly competitive global environment, and that is the Ex-port-Import Bank. 
b1330 
In 2012, Ex-Im was passed with 330 
votes in the House, 78 in the Senate, 60 percent of Republicans in both bodies supporting the Export-Import Bank, joining Democrats in doing so. 
There is so much partisanship that 
invades and infects this place. But when it comes to American jobs, sup-porting American manufacturers, put-ting hard-working Americans to work in jobs that have higher wages, we have great discussions here about the grow-ing inequality in wages. 
We don’t all agree on the solutions. 
But one solution we ought to agree on is the reauthorization of the Export- Import Bank because we know export jobs pay higher wages. This ought to be a no-brainer. 
There are 59,000 jobs in my own State 
of Michigan as a result of the Export- Import Bank and the work that they do. In the last 6 years, there have been $200 billion in exports. 
We can have big disagreements on 
how we ought to deal with income in-equality in this country, but we ought not have any disagreement when we see the Export-Import Bank, which de-livers money to the Federal Treasury, helps us deal with that problem, puts Americans to work, and makes us more competitive. We ought to do this in a bipartisan fashion, and we ought to do it now. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I con-
tinue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ), a member of the 
Ways and Means Committee. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. I appreciate the 
gentleman’s courtesy, and I appreciate the way he framed this rule debate. 
Mr. Speaker, we have sort of a hodge-
podge here of items that really deserve careful, sustained attention. There is no reason to lump this together. These are important items. And, sadly, the way it has been structured shuts down debate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.005 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5617 July 29, 2015 
There is no room under this rule for 
the Ex-Im Bank. I appreciate person after person coming to the floor, ac-knowledging that there is broad bipar-tisan interest in the reauthorization of the Ex-Im Bank and no rational reason to reject it. It is going to have serious consequences, as my friend from Wash-ington pointed out. 
But there is another area that we are 
discussing here today that could also make a huge difference for our econ-omy because we are dodging again our responsibilities to deal with a country that is falling apart as it is falling be-hind. 
My friend from Texas was too polite. 
The reason we don’t have a 6-year reau-thorization is because the House has not met its responsibility to outline how we pay for it. We are still trying to pay for 2015 infrastructure with 1993 dollars. 
Now we have got legislation that ac-
tually mirrors what Ronald Reagan did in 1982, when he called upon Congress to come back, raise the user fee 125 per-cent, and be able to put hundreds of thousands of Americans to work, and maintain our roads and bridges and transit. We are not doing that. 
We have legislation in Ways and 
Means that has the broadest support of any major piece of legislation in Con-gress—organized labor, business, con-tractors, truckers, AAA, engineers—all committed to raising the user fee. They say: Charge us more so that we are going to be able to thrive. 
My friend from Colorado pointed out 
that the American public is paying now in congestion, in damage to their cars. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
H
OLDING ). The time of the gentleman 
has expired. 
Mr. POLIS. I yield the gentleman an 
additional 15 seconds. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Work next 
week. Fund the transportation bill. Let the committee know what parameters they have and be able to revitalize and rebuild this country. It is time for us to step up. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, our col-
leagues are making really, really good points about what we need to do. 
The gentleman from Pennsylvania, 
B
ILLSHUSTER , and the Republican ma-
jority is committed to doing exactly what they have talked about: getting our work done. 
In fairness, it has taken the United 
States Senate until this week, and they have a 1,000-page transportation bill that we are not simply going to say: Let’s just agree to that. 
It is going to come over to us after 
they have done their work. With great respect, we are trying to make sure that we are continuing the funding. We are using mechanisms that would be available. 
The right thing to do is to measure 
three times and saw once. We are not going to accept, by unanimous consent or another agreement, a 1,000-page bill. 
On the Republican side, we read bills 
before we pass them. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
my time. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Wash-ington (Mr. H
ECK), a leader in the bi-
partisan efforts to reauthorize the Ex-port-Import Bank and a member of the Financial Services Committee. 
Mr. HECK of Washington. Mr. Speak-
er, I said earlier that the first, most immediate damage as a result of our failure to reauthorize the Export-Im-port Bank will be visited upon small businesses. 
It occurs to me that a little bit of 
color in that regard would serve us well, giving the benefit of the doubt to those who are opposing our opposition to the rule so that we can reauthorize the Export-Import Bank. 
Let me give you the data. The Ex-
port-Import Bank has approximately 90 percent of its transactions going to small businesses, about 90 percent. 
Most of us tend to think about those 
as all direct loans, but they aren’t. The fact of the matter is the bulk of them are what we would call accounts re-ceivable insurance. 
But there are also revolving lines of 
credit. There are also loan guarantees, not actual direct loans. And these, again, are small businesses. 
These are businesses like Manhasset 
Specialty Company in Yakima, Wash-ington, which makes music stands and has a global market. Thirty-five per-cent of its sales are exports, and a good portion of them are assisted by the Ex-port-Import Bank. 
In my district, Pexco in Fife, Wash-
ington, makes traffic control equip-ment. They are growing their export business with the assistance of the Ex-port-Import Bank. So it is the small businesses that first will feel the dam-age. 
But for those of you who say, yes, but 
the biggest share of the dollars go to big businesses, let’s go back to Eco-nomics 101. 
A lot of people point to Boeing. La-
dies and gentlemen, Boeing does not manufacture airplanes. If that sur-prises you, please pay attention to what I am about to say. 
Boeing does not manufacture air-
planes. They design them. They assem-ble them with the assistance of 15,000 businesses in their supply chain, about half of whom are small businesses. 
In the tiny town of Puyallup, rel-
atively speaking, in my district, there are 17 businesses within the city limits whose principal customer is Boeing. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. POLIS. I yield the gentleman an 
additional 30 seconds. 
Mr. HECK of Washington. Small busi-
nesses will be hurt first. Over the long term, big businesses will be hurt. 
I did not say earlier lightly. I did not 
say earlier in hyperbole that we will have major announcements causing grievous damage to the manufacturing base of America. We cannot allow that to happen. We simply must, for the sake of 
small businesses and for the sake of our manufacturing base, reauthorize 
the Export-Import Bank. It reduces the deficit. It creates jobs. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I will 
continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-
self the remainder of my time. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-
sent to insert the text of my amend-ment in the R
ECORD along with extra-
neous material immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Colorado? 
There was no objection. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I strongly 
urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ and defeat the previous question so we can bring forward the bipartisan effort to reauthorize the Export-Import Bank. 
Now, again, I have a great deal of 
sympathy and respect for my col-leagues who believe that these kinds of back-door subsidies have no place in a global trade regime. That is a reason-able and defensible viewpoint. 
The proper avenue to advocate for 
that is multilaterally. There are a lot of ways that companies have and will and governments have and do try to give themselves a nationalistic advan-tage in international trade. 
In the competition between Airbus 
and Boeing alone, books could be writ-ten about the efforts of both sides— whether it is our side through military contracts; whether it is their side, Eu-rope—to give back-door allowable sub-sidies that put their own companies at an advantage. 
If we unilaterally fail to reauthorize 
the Export-Import Bank, we are put-ting American exporters at a disadvan-tage because the dozens of other coun-tries that engage in these allowable kinds of credit facilities will still do so to the detriment of American jobs and American businesses. 
We recently had a debate in these 
very Chambers about trade promotion authority. Soon there will be discus-sions about TPP and T-TIP. 
Where was that discussion around 
TPA in the instructions to the Presi-dent about credit facilities and Export- Import Bank and what would and wouldn’t be allowable? 
These kinds of discussions need to be 
had multilaterally. To unilaterally dis-arm makes no sense. 
Even if one ideologically believes 
that we should not be engaging in these efforts, surely what is more im-portant and what trumps that is to make sure that this is not a part of the global trade regime. 
So long as it is, for America not to 
engage in this allowable practice of credit facilities extended through the Export-Import Bank puts American jobs at a disadvantage, will lead to fur-ther outsourcing of American jobs and hurt American businesses. 
Mr. Speaker, this rule covers two sig-
nificant, but wholly unrelated, bills. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JY7.035 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5618 July 29, 2015 
We have heard arguments here in this 
limited time, this limited debate, about Federal highway funding, about veterans’ care and VA workers, about the Export-Import Bank. 
I am sure, Mr. Speaker, that many 
viewers are confused as to what we are even talking about or how is it even possible that, in 1 hour, we are cov-ering the transportation needs of our 
country, the VA system, and a program allowable under trade rules that helps make American companies more com-petitive. 
Unfortunately, rather than con-
tinuing our work next week, the major-ity has put several pieces of disparate legislation into a grab bag in a smoky backroom manner that, unfortunately, will continue to fail to address the most important transportation con-cerns or the already expiration of the Export-Import Bank before this body goes home for a month. 
It is unfortunate that, under this 
rule, this institution is not even al-lowed to bring forward an amendment we know would pass to reauthorize the Export-Import Bank. 
It is a shame that veterans’ issues 
have somehow been combined with a highway issue and a minibus that de-tracts from transparency. 
That is why I urge my colleagues to 
vote ‘‘no’’ and defeat the previous ques-tion. Vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself the balance of my time. 
I want to thank not only the gen-
tleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS), but 
also our colleagues on the Democratic side of the aisle who I thought most generously fought this battle today. 
The bottom line is that they know 
and we know, Mr. Speaker, that we are addressing two vitally important issues that Congress must step up to the plate on. 
One is a request that comes directly 
from the VA, for us to fund a gap of $3.4 billion that is necessary to fund hos-pitals of the VA to make sure that they are able to provide services to our vet-erans. It is critical. To vote against that I think is a mistake. 
I think to vote for a chance where 
Republicans are trying to balance the needs through not only the appropri-ators—H
AL ROGERS , our chairman, 
JEFFMILLER , our Veterans Committee 
chairman, are trying to come together, Mr. Speaker, to put together the money and the need to run the business based upon a reality discussion with the Secretary of Veterans Affairs of their need to run the business, to have the money, but also to have the mana-gerial abilities to move their employ-ees that are not performing satisfac-torily, employees who do have an oath as healthcare providers to do their very best and to be honest about the sched-uling and the proper procedures nec-essary to our veterans. 
b1345 
What this rule is about and the un-
derlying legislation is vital—vital—to our Nation’s veterans. That is why we 
are here today. 
Now, secondly, we are here because 
Republicans want to make sure that we are faithful. We understand that, in each of our congressional districts, that we are active and involved to try and ensure that the roads and bridges and railways and ports and all these activities that deal with infrastructure and transportation are continuing down a pathway without us getting frustrated, without us throwing up our hands and giving up, but actually to work with the existing chairman, who is doing an awesome job, B
ILLSHUSTER , 
to make sure that we are putting forth the money—P
AUL RYAN, chairman of 
the Ways and Means Committee—try-ing to find the money necessary, lots of hard work, hours of discussion, moving towards a correct target. 
In this process, we have our col-
leagues on the other side of this wall— who are literally there now as they are working in the Rotunda—to move leg-islation; we are allowing them that time because they are moving a trans-portation bill as we speak, but it is a 1,000-page bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I am not in favor and I 
think my colleagues in here are not in favor and B
ILLSHUSTER is not, which is 
really what matters, as the chairman, to say give me a shot at looking at the bill when they finish it. 
Speaker B
OEHNER is saying let’s 
make sure we deal with the things that must be dealt with before we go on our work time back home for the month, where we go back home and deal with the American people, because we plan to do this. That is what we are doing. 
This is not unusual; it is perfectly 
normal, but I think we are doing a heck of a job and the right thing to ad-dress the issues—veterans, straight up, money, the ability to run their busi-ness right, so that we know we have done what we can do; and, secondly, to move transportation. 
I think every single Member of this 
body, Democrat and Republican, should support these because they are worthy ideas about moving us forward, our country. We can look at the American people straight on and say we have ad-dressed two of the issues that were on our plate. 
I urge adoption of the rule. I know 
that our colleagues want to get moving today, so I am going to look forward to debate that will follow. I urge support of the underlying legislation in the bills. 
Mr. HINOJOSA. Mr. Speaker, I rise to op-
pose this rule and support the gentleman’s motion to defeat the previous question—in order to allow for a vote on the Export-Import Bank reauthorization. 
Re-authorizing the Export-Import Bank is an 
economic imperative and letting it lapse before Congress goes on Recess is completely irre-sponsible and inexcusable. 
The bank is an unbridled, market-driven 
success story which has broad bipartisan sup-port in both Houses of this Congress as well as support from the majority of Americans. The bank supports hundreds of thousands 
of good paying jobs in this country. If we fail to act, we will shut off a lifeline for many of our small businesses and exporters. 
In my District alone, the Bank has supported 
thousands of small business and manufac-turing jobs. These are good jobs in a very high-need area that would not have been pos-sible without the Bank, and which now are in danger. 
Mr. Speaker, we should let the will of the 
people work its way and allow a vote on the Reauthorization of the Ex-Im Bank. 
The material previously referred to 
by Mr. P
OLIS is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 388 O FFERED BY  
MR. POLIS OF COLORADO  
Strike section 2 of the resolution and in-
sert: 
SEC. 2. Upon adoption of this resolution, it 
shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 3236) to provide an extension of Federal-aid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, to provide resource flexibility to the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs for health care services, and for other purposes. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. The bill shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and on any amendment thereto to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided among and controlled by the respective chairs and rank-ing minority members of the Committees on Transportation and Infrastructure, Ways and Means, and Veterans’ Affairs; (2) the amend-ment specified in section 3 of this resolution, which shall be considered as pending fol-lowing the conclusion of such debate, shall be in order without intervention of any point of order, shall be considered as read, shall be separately debatable for one hour equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and rank-ing minority member of the Committee on Financial Services or their respective des-ignees, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for a di-vision of the question; and (3) one motion to recommit with or without instructions. 
S
EC. 3. The amendment referred to in sec-
tion 2 of this resolution is as follows: 
Page 3, after the table of contents, insert 
the following: 
TITLE V—EXPORT-IMPORT BANK 
Sec. 5001. Short title. 
Subtitle A—Taxpayer Protection Provisions 
and Increased Accountability 
Sec. 5101. Reduction in authorized amount 
of outstanding loans, guaran-tees, and insurance. 
Sec. 5102. Increase in loss reserves. Sec. 5103. Review of fraud controls. Sec. 5104. Office of Ethics. Sec. 5105. Chief Risk Officer. Sec. 5106. Risk Management Committee. Sec. 5107. Independent audit of bank port-
folio. 
Sec. 5108. Pilot program for reinsurance. 
Subtitle B—Promotion of Small Business 
Exports 
Sec. 5201. Increase in small business lending 
requirements. 
Sec. 5202. Report on programs for small and 
medium-sized businesses. 
Subtitle C—Modernization of Operations 
Sec. 5301. Electronic payments and docu-
ments. 
Sec. 5302. Reauthorization of information 
technology updating. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\K29JY7.033 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5619 July 29, 2015 
Subtitle D—General Provisions 
Sec. 5401. Extension of authority. 
Sec. 5402. Certain updated loan terms and 
amounts. 
Subtitle E—Other Matters 
Sec. 5501. Prohibition on discrimination 
based on industry. 
Sec. 5502. Negotiations to end export credit 
financing. 
Sec. 5503. Study of financing for information 
and communications tech-nology systems. 
At the end of the bill, add the following: 
TITLE V—EXPORT-IMPORT BANK 
SECTION 5001. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Export-Im-
port Bank Reform and Reauthorization Act of 2015’’. 
Subtitle A—Taxpayer Protection Provisions 
and Increased Accountability 
SEC. 5101. REDUCTION IN AUTHORIZED AMOUNT 
OF OUTSTANDING LOANS, GUARAN-TEES, AND INSURANCE. 
Section 6(a) of the Export-Import Bank 
Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635e(a)) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
graph (4); and 
(2) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(2) A PPLICABLE AMOUNT DEFINED .—In this 
subsection, the term ‘applicable amount’, for each of fiscal years 2015 through 2019, means $135,000,000,000. 
‘‘(3) F
REEZING OF LENDING CAP IF  
DEFAULTRATE IS 2 PERCENT OR MORE .—If the 
rate calculated under section 8(g)(1) is 2 per-cent or more for a quarter, the Bank may not exceed the amount of loans, guarantees, and insurance outstanding on the last day of that quarter until the rate calculated under section 8(g)(1) is less than 2 percent.’’. 
SEC. 5102. INCREASE IN LOSS RESERVES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6 of the Export- 
Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635e) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating subsection (b) as sub-
section (c); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(b) R
ESERVE REQUIREMENT .—The Bank 
shall build to and hold in reserve, to protect against future losses, an amount that is not less than 5 percent of the aggregate amount of disbursed and outstanding loans, guaran-tees, and insurance of the Bank.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 5103. REVIEW OF FRAUD CONTROLS. 
Section 17(b) of the Export-Import Bank 
Reauthorization Act of 2012 (12 U.S.C. 635a– 6(b)) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(b) R
EVIEW OF FRAUD CONTROLS .—Not 
later than 4 years after the date of the enact-ment of the Export-Import Bank Reform and Reauthorization Act of 2015, and every 4 years thereafter, the Comptroller General of the United States shall— 
‘‘(1) review the adequacy of the design and 
effectiveness of the controls used by the Ex-port-Import Bank of the United States to prevent, detect, and investigate fraudulent applications for loans and guarantees and the compliance by the Bank with the con-trols, including by auditing a sample of Bank transactions; and 
‘‘(2) submit a written report regarding the 
findings of the review and providing such recommendations with respect to the con-trols described in paragraph (1) as the Comp-troller General deems appropriate to— 
‘‘(A) the Committee on Banking, Housing, 
and Urban Affairs and the Committee on Ap-propriations of the Senate; and ‘‘(B) the Committee on Financial Services 
and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives.’’. 
SEC. 5104. OFFICE OF ETHICS. 
Section 3 of the Export-Import Bank Act of 
1945 (12 U.S.C. 635a) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(k) O
FFICE OF ETHICS .— 
‘‘(1) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established 
an Office of Ethics within the Bank, which shall oversee all ethics issues within the Bank. 
‘‘(2) H
EAD OF OFFICE .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The head of the Office of 
Ethics shall be the Chief Ethics Officer, who shall report to the Board of Directors. 
‘‘(B) A
PPOINTMENT .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of the Export-Import Bank Reform and Reauthor-ization Act of 2015, the Chief Ethics Officer shall be— 
‘‘(i) appointed by the President of the Bank 
from among persons— 
‘‘(I) with a background in law who have ex-
perience in the fields of law and ethics; and 
‘‘(II) who are not serving in a position re-
quiring appointment by the President of the United States before being appointed to be Chief Ethics Officer; and 
‘‘(ii) approved by the Board. ‘‘(C) D
ESIGNATED AGENCY ETHICS OFFICIAL .— 
The Chief Ethics Officer shall serve as the designated agency ethics official for the Bank pursuant to the Ethics in Government Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App. 101 et seq.). 
‘‘(3) D
UTIES .—The Office of Ethics has ju-
risdiction over all employees of, and ethics matters relating to, the Bank. With respect to employees of the Bank, the Office of Eth-ics shall— 
‘‘(A) recommend administrative actions to 
establish or enforce standards of official con-duct; 
‘‘(B) refer to the Office of the Inspector 
General of the Bank alleged violations of— 
‘‘(i) the standards of ethical conduct appli-
cable to employees of the Bank under parts 2635 and 6201 of title 5, Code of Federal Regu-lations; 
‘‘(ii) the standards of ethical conduct es-
tablished by the Chief Ethics Officer; and 
‘‘(iii) any other laws, rules, or regulations 
governing the performance of official duties or the discharge of official responsibilities that are applicable to employees of the Bank; 
‘‘(C) report to appropriate Federal or State 
authorities substantial evidence of a viola-tion of any law applicable to the perform-ance of official duties that may have been disclosed to the Office of Ethics; and 
‘‘(D) render advisory opinions regarding 
the propriety of any current or proposed con-duct of an employee or contractor of the Bank, and issue general guidance on such matters as necessary.’’. 
SEC. 5105. CHIEF RISK OFFICER. 
Section 3 of the Export-Import Bank Act of 
1945 (12 U.S.C. 635a), as amended by section 5104, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(l) C
HIEF RISKOFFICER .— 
‘‘(l) I NGENERAL .—There shall be a Chief 
Risk Officer of the Bank, who shall— 
‘‘(A) oversee all issues relating to risk 
within the Bank; and 
‘‘(B) report to the President of the Bank. ‘‘(2) A
PPOINTMENT .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of the Ex-port-Import Bank Reform and Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2015, the Chief Risk Officer shall be— 
‘‘(A) appointed by the President of the 
Bank from among persons— 
‘‘(i) with a demonstrated ability in the 
general management of, and knowledge of and extensive practical experience in, finan-cial risk evaluation practices in large gov-
ernmental or business entities; and 
‘‘(ii) who are not serving in a position re-
quiring appointment by the President of the United States before being appointed to be Chief Risk Officer; and 
‘‘(B) approved by the Board. ‘‘(3) D
UTIES .—The duties of the Chief Risk 
Officer are— 
‘‘(A) to be responsible for all matters re-
lated to managing and mitigating all risk to which the Bank is exposed, including the programs and operations of the Bank; 
‘‘(B) to establish policies and processes for 
risk oversight, the monitoring of manage-ment compliance with risk limits, and the management of risk exposures and risk con-trols across the Bank; 
‘‘(C) to be responsible for the planning and 
execution of all Bank risk management ac-tivities, including policies, reporting, and systems to achieve strategic risk objectives; 
‘‘(D) to develop an integrated risk manage-
ment program that includes identifying, prioritizing, measuring, monitoring, and managing internal control and operating risks and other identified risks; 
‘‘(E) to ensure that the process for risk as-
sessment and underwriting for individual transactions considers how each such trans-action considers the effect of the transaction on the concentration of exposure in the over-all portfolio of the Bank, taking into ac-count fees, collateralization, and historic de-fault rates; and 
‘‘(F) to review the adequacy of the use by 
the Bank of qualitative metrics to assess the risk of default under various scenarios.’’. 
SEC. 5106. RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3 of the Export- 
Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635a), as amended by sections 5104 and 5105, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(m) R
ISKMANAGEMENT COMMITTEE .— 
‘‘(1) E STABLISHMENT —There is established 
a management committee to be known as the ‘Risk Management Committee’. 
‘‘(2) M
EMBERSHIP .—The membership of the 
Risk Management Committee shall be the members of the Board of Directors, with the President and First Vice President of the Bank serving as ex officio members. 
‘‘(3) D
UTIES .—The duties of the Risk Man-
agement Committee shall be— 
‘‘(A) to oversee, in conjunction with the 
Office of the Chief Financial Officer of the Bank— 
‘‘(i) periodic stress testing on the entire 
Bank portfolio, reflecting different market, industry, and macroeconomic scenarios, and consistent with common practices of com-mercial and multilateral development banks; and 
‘‘(ii) the monitoring of industry, geo-
graphic, and obligor exposure levels; and 
‘‘(B) to review all required reports on the 
default rate of the Bank before submission to Congress under section 8(g).’’. 
(b) T
ERMINATION OF AUDIT COMMITTEE .— 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Board of Direc-tors of the Export-Import Bank of the United States shall revise the bylaws of the Bank to terminate the Audit Committee established by section 7 of the bylaws. 
SEC. 5107. INDEPENDENT AUDIT OF BANK PORT-
FOLIO. 
(a) A UDIT.—The Inspector General of the 
Export-Import Bank of the United States shall conduct an audit or evaluation of the portfolio risk management procedures of the Bank, including a review of the implementa-tion by the Bank of the duties assigned to the Chief Risk Officer under section 3(1) of the Export-Import Bank Act of 1945, as amended by section 5105. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than one year after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.035 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5620 July 29, 2015 
not less frequently than every 3 years there-
after, the Inspector General shall submit to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives a written report containing all findings and determinations made in car rying out subsection (a). 
SEC. 5108. PILOT PROGRAM FOR REINSURANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any pro-
vision of the Export-Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635 et seq.), the Export-Import Bank of the United States (in this section re-ferred to as the ‘‘Bank’’) may establish a pilot program under which the Bank may enter into contracts and other arrangements to share risks associated with the provision of guarantees, insurance, or credit, or the participation in the extension of credit, by the Bank under that Act. 
(b) L
IMITATIONS ON AMOUNT OF RISK-SHAR-
ING.— 
(1) P ER CONTRACT OR OTHER ARRANGE -
MENT .—The aggregate amount of liability 
the Bank may transfer through risk-sharing pursuant to a contract or other arrangement entered into under subsection (a) may not exceed $1,000,000,000. 
(2) P
ER YEAR .—The aggregate amount of li-
ability the Bank may transfer through risk- sharing during a fiscal year pursuant to con-tracts or other arrangements entered into under subsection (a) during that fiscal year may not exceed $10,000,000,000. 
(c) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—Not later than one 
year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter through 2019, the Bank shall submit to Congress a written report that contains a detailed analysis of the use of the pilot program carried out under subsection (a) during the year pre-ceding the submission of the report. 
(d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed to affect, im-pede, or revoke any authority of the Bank. 
(e) T
ERMINATION .—The pilot program car-
ried out under subsection (a) shall terminate on September 30, 2019. 
Subtitle B—Promotion of Small Business 
Exports 
SEC. 5201. INCREASE IN SMALL BUSINESS LEND-
ING REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2(b)(1)(E)(v) of 
the Export-Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635(b)(1)(E)(v)) is amended by striking ‘‘20 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘25 percent’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by subsection (a) shall apply with re-spect to fiscal year 2016 and each fiscal year thereafter. 
SEC. 5202. REPORT ON PROGRAMS FOR SMALL 
AND MEDIUM-SIZED BUSINESSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 8 of the Export- 
Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635g) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(k) R
EPORT ON PROGRAMS FOR SMALL AND  
MEDIUM -SIZED BUSINESSES .—The Bank shall 
include in its annual report to Congress under subsection (a) a report on the pro-grams of the Bank for United States busi-nesses with less than $250,000,000 in annual sales.’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment 
made by subsection (a) shall apply with re-spect to the report of the Export-Import Bank of the United States submitted to Con-gress under section 8 of the Export-Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635g) for the first year that begins after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
Subtitle C—Modernization of Operations 
SEC. 5301. ELECTRONIC PAYMENTS AND DOCU-
MENTS. 
Section 2(b)(1) of the Export-Import Bank 
Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635(b)(1)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(M) Not later than 2 years after the date 
of the enactment of the Export-Import Bank Reform and Reauthorization Act of 2015, the Bank shall implement policies— 
‘‘(i) to accept electronic documents with 
respect to transactions whenever possible, including copies of bills of lading, certifi-cations, and compliance documents, in such manner so as not to undermine any potential civil or criminal enforcement related to the transactions; and 
‘‘(ii) to accept electronic payments in all 
of its programs.’’. 
SEC. 5302. REAUTHORIZATION OF INFORMATION 
TECHNOLOGY UPDATING. 
Section 3(j) of the Export-Import Act of 
1945 (12 U.S.C. 635a(j)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘2012, 2013, and 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘2015 through 2019’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘(I) the 
funds’’ and inserting ‘‘(i) the funds’’; and (3) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘2012, 2013, and 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘2015 through 2019’’. 
Subtitle D—General Provisions 
SEC. 5401. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7 of the Export- 
Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635f) is amended by striking ‘‘2014’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’. 
(b) D
UAL-USEEXPORTS .—Section 1(c) of 
Public Law 103–428 (12 U.S.C. 635 note) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘the date on which the author-ity of the Export-Import Bank of the United States expires under section of the Export- Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635f)’’. 
(c) S
UB-SAHARAN AFRICA ADVISORY COM-
MITTEE .—Section 2(b)(9)(B)(iii) of the Export- 
Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635(b)(9)(B)(iii)) is amended by striking ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘the date on which the authority of the Bank expires under section 7’’. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall take effect on the earlier of the date of the enactment of this Act or June 30, 2015. 
SEC. 5402. CERTAIN UPDATED LOAN TERMS AND 
AMOUNTS. 
(a) L OANTERMS FOR MEDIUM -TERMFINANC -
ING.— 
Section 2(a)(2)(A) of the Export-Import 
Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635(a)(2)(A)) is amended— 
(1) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and in-
serting a semicolon; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(iii) with principal amounts of not more 
than $25,000,000; and’’. 
(b) C
OMPETITIVE OPPORTUNITIES RELATING  
TOINSURANCE .—Section 2(d)(2) of the Export- 
Import Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635(d)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘$10,000,000’’ and in-serting ‘‘$25,000,000’’. 
(c) E
XPORT AMOUNTS FOR SMALL BUSINESS  
LOANS .—Section 3(g)(3) of the Export-Import 
Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635a(g)(3)) is amended by striking ‘‘$10,000,000’’ and insert-ing ‘‘$25,000,000’’. 
(d) C
ONSIDERATION OF ENVIRONMENTAL EF-
FECTS .—Section (a)(1)(A) of the Export-Im-
port Bank Act of 1945 (12 U.S.C. 635i– 5(a)(1)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘$10,000,000 or more’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘$25,000,000 (or, if less than $25,000,000, the threshold established pursuant to inter-national agreements, including the Common Approaches for Officially Supported Export Credits and Environmental and Social Due Diligence, as adopted by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development Council on June 28, 2012, and the risk-man-agement framework adopted by financial in-stitutions for determining, assessing, and managing environmental and social risk in projects (commonly referred to as the ‘Equa-
tor Principles’)) or more’’. 
(e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply with respect to fiscal year 2016 and each fiscal year there-after. 
Subtitle E—Other Matters 
SEC. 5501. PROHIBITION ON DISCRIMINATION 
BASED ON INDUSTRY. 
Section 2 of the Export-Import Bank Act of 
1945 (6 U.S.C. 635 et seq.) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘(k) P
ROHIBITION ON DISCRIMINATION BASED  
ONINDUSTRY .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
this Act, the Bank may not— 
‘‘(A) deny an application for financing 
based solely on the industry, sector, or busi-ness that the application concerns; or 
‘‘(B) promulgate or implement policies 
that discriminate against an application based solely on the industry, sector, or busi-ness that the application concerns. 
‘‘(2) A
PPLICABILITY .—The prohibitions 
under paragraph (1) apply only to applica-tions for financing by the Bank for projects concerning the exploration, development, production, or export of energy sources and the generation or transmission of electrical power, or combined heat and power, regard-less of the energy source involved.’’. 
SEC. 5502. NEGOTIATIONS TO END EXPORT CRED-
IT FINANCING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 11 of the Export- 
Import Bank Reauthorization Act of 2012 (12 U.S.C. 635a–5) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), 
by striking ‘‘Secretary of the Treasury (in this section referred to as the ’Secretary’)’’ and inserting ‘‘President’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘(OECD)’’ and inserting ‘‘(in 
this section referred to as the ‘OECD’)’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘ultimate goal of elimi-
nating’’ and inserting ‘‘possible goal of eliminating, before the date that is 10 years after the date of the enactment of the Ex-port-Import Bank Reform and Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2015,’’; 
(2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘Sec-
retary’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘President’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) R
EPORT ON STRATEGY .—Not later than 
180 days after the date of the enactment of the Export-Import Bank Reform and Reau-thorization Act of 2015, the President shall submit to Congress a proposal, and a strat-egy for achieving the proposal, that the United States Government will pursue with other major exporting countries, including OECD members and non-OECD members, to eliminate over a period of not more than 10 years subsidized export-fmancing programs, tied aid, export credits, and all other forms of government-supported export subsidies. 
‘‘(d) N
EGOTIATIONS WITHNON-OECD MEM-
BERS .—The President shall initiate and pur-
sue negotiations with countries that are not OECD members to bring those countries into a multilateral agreement establishing rules 3 and limitations on officially supported ex-port credits. 
‘‘(e) A
NNUAL REPORTS ON PROGRESS OF NE-
GOTIATIONS .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of the Export-Im-port Bank Reform and Reauthorization Act of 2015, and annually thereafter through cal-endar year 2019, the President shall submit to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives a report on the progress of any negotiations described in subsection (d).’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.036 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5621 July 29, 2015 
(a) shall apply with respect to reports re-
quired to be submitted under section 11(b) of the Export-Import Bank Reauthorization Act of 2012 (12 U.S.C. 635a–5(b)) after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 5503. STUDY OF FINANCING FOR INFORMA-
TION AND COMMUNICATIONS TECH-NOLOGY SYSTEMS. 
(a) A NALYSIS OF INFORMATION AND COMMU -
NICATIONS TECHNOLOGY INDUSTRY USE OF  
BANK PRODUCTS .—The Export-Import Bank 
of the United States (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Bank’’) shall conduct a study of the extent to which the products offered by the Bank are available and used by compa-nies that export information and commu-nications technology services and related goods. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—In conducting the study re-
quired by subsection (a), the Bank shall ex-amine the following: 
(1) The number of jobs in the United States 
that are supported by the export of informa-tion and communications technology serv-ices and related goods, and the degree to which access to financing will increase ex-ports of such services and related goods. 
(2) The reduction in the financing by the 
Bank of exports of information and commu-nications technology services from 2003 through 2014. 
(3) The activities of foreign export credit 
agencies to facilitate the export of informa-tion and communications technology serv-ices and related goods. 
(4) Specific proposals for how the Bank 
could provide additional financing for the ex-portation of information and communica-tions technology services and related goods through risk-sharing with other export cred-it agencies and other third parties. 
(5) Proposals for new products the Bank 
could offer to provide financing for exports of information and communications tech-nology services and related goods, includ-ing— 
(A) the extent to which the Bank is author-
ized to offer new products; 
(B) the extent to which the Bank would 
need additional authority to offer new prod-ucts to meet the needs of the information and communications technology industry; 
(C) specific proposals for changes in law 
that would enable the Bank to provide in-creased financing for exports of information and communications technology services and related goods in compliance with the credit and risk standards of the Bank; 
(D) specific proposals that would enable 
the Bank to provide increased outreach to the information and communications tech-nology industry about the products the Bank offers; and 
(E) specific proposals for changes in law 
that would enable the Bank to provide the fi-nancing to build information and commu-nications technology infrastructure, in com-pliance with the credit and risk standards of the Bank, to allow for market access oppor-tunities for United States information and communications technology companies to provide services on the infrastructure being financed by the Bank. 
(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Bank shall submit to Congress a report that contains the results of the study required by subsection (a). 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT 
ITREALLY MEANS  
(21) This vote, the vote on whether to order 
the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against ordering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about 
what the House should be debating. 
Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the 
House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R-Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ 
The Republican majority may say ‘‘the 
vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule ....  When the 
motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment’’ 
In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House 
of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ 
Clearly, the vote on the previous question 
on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on ordering the previous question. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, on that I 
demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15-minute vote on ordering the previous question will be followed by 5- minute votes on adopting the resolu-tion, if ordered; and suspending the rules and passing H.R. 1300. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 242, nays 180, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 483] 
YEAS—242 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman 
Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen 
Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.037 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5622 July 29, 2015 
NAYS—180 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard 
Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal 
Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—11 
Carney Carter (TX) Clawson (FL) Costa Engel Eshoo 
Levin Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Pelosi Price, Tom 
Wilson (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during 
the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. 
b1416 
Mr. LOWENTHAL and Ms. KELLY of 
Illinois changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Mr. BARTON changed his vote from 
‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the previous question was ordered. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Stated against: Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I was not 
present during rollcall vote No. 483. I would like to reflect that on rollcall vote No. 483 I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
(By unanimous consent, Mr. D
ENT 
was allowed to speak out of order.) WASHINGTON KASTLES CHARITY CLASSIC  
Mr. DENT. Mr. Speaker, I am gath-
ered here today with some of my col-leagues because we participated in the Washington Kastles Charity Classic. We had a wonderful time for charity. 
I just wanted to mention this. The 
Washington Kastles, who were founded in 2008 and is the tennis team for the city of Washington, have made more than $1 million in charitable donations. 
The Charity Classic is an extension 
of those efforts, with 100 percent of the ticket proceeds benefiting Tragedy As-sistance Program for Survivors, or TAPS, the DC Public Education Fund, and Food & Friends. 
Fans can choose which organization 
they support. It is a great cause. 
We had a tennis match, Stars v. 
Stripes. I am sorry to report that the Stars defeated the Stripes, having been in the Stripes the last 3 years. They fi-nally won one, but we are very excited for them. It is nice to be talking about something other than golf on the House floor. 
I also wanted to acknowledge one 
person with us here today, Martina Hingis, who is in the audience. She is up there in the gallery. She just won Wimbledon Doubles Championship, women’s and mixed doubles. She won both the women’s doubles title and the mixed doubles title. She is on the Washington Kastles. 
We just wanted to acknowledge all 
the folks who played: Representatives S
COTT, D OLD, Y ODER , B USTOS and 
BEATTY . Where is J ARED HUFFMAN with 
the big serve? He is back there. 
We had a wonderful time. Senator 
FLAKE , Senator M ERKLEY , and the rest 
of the Kastles could not be with us today. They are traveling. But we just wanted to thank them all for this won-derful effort. We need more tennis. 
At this time we would like to present 
this trophy, this cup, from the Stripes to the Stars, who defeated us. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
F
ORTENBERRY ). Without objection, 5- 
minute voting will continue. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the resolution. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I demand a 
recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 243, noes 183, not voting 7, as follows: 
[Roll No. 484] 
AYES—243 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton 
Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost 
Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck 
Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert 
Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren 
Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa 
Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Ratcliffe Reed 
Reichert Renacci 
Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOES—183 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) 
Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro 
DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.009 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5623 July 29, 2015 
Green, Al 
Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) Lynch 
Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) 
Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine 
Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—7 
Carney 
Carter (TX) Clawson (FL) Engel 
Levin Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Price, Tom 
b1427 
So the resolution was agreed to. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
FIRST RESPONDER ANTHRAX 
PREPAREDNESS ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-
finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1300) to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to make anthrax vaccines and antimicrobials available to emergency response providers, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. K
ING) that the House suspend the rules 
and pass the bill, as amended. 
This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 424, nays 0, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 485] 
YEAS—424 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton 
Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black 
Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat 
Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson 
Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard 
Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) 
Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love 
Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent 
Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross 
Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires 
Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky 
Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—9 
Carney 
Carter (TX) Clawson (FL) Engel Foster 
Jones Levin Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
Price, Tom 
b1435 
Mr. SANFORD changed his vote from 
‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So (two-thirds being in the affirma-
tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
f 
VA ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 2015 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Madam 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and add any extraneous material in the R
ECORD on H.R. 1994, as 
amended. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mrs. 
WALORSKI ). Is there objection to the re-
quest of the gentleman from Florida? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 388 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 1994. 
The Chair appoints the gentleman 
from Nebraska (Mr. F
ORTENBERRY ) to 
preside over the Committee of the Whole. 
b1538 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 1994) to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the removal or demotion of employees of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs based on performance or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.011 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5624 July 29, 2015 
misconduct, and for other purposes, 
with Mr. F ORTENBERRY in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the 
bill is considered read the first time. 
The gentleman from Florida (Mr. 
M
ILLER ) and the gentleman from Cali-
fornia (Mr. T AKANO ) each will control 
30 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Florida. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Chairman, my bill would provide 
the Secretary of the Department of Veterans Affairs with yet another tool to instill accountability, much-needed accountability at the Department of Veterans Affairs, by allowing him or her to remove or demote any employee for poor performance or misconduct. 
The bill also contains language to 
protect—and let me say that again to the Members here on the floor, to pro-tect—whistleblowers by stipulating that an employee may not be removed under this new authority if they have an open claim at the Office of Special Counsel until that claim is closed. 
Now, to add even more protections 
for those who blow the whistle at VA, my bill would also set up a new process to be used in addition to any other process that is currently allowed by law, which would protect whistle-blowers from retaliation by removal while they bring issues to light up through their chain of command. 
My bill also makes changes to the 
Senior Executive Service performance evaluation system. It also allows the Secretary to recoup a portion of an SES employee’s retirement benefits if they are convicted of a felony related to their work performance and limits paid administrative leave to 14 days within a 1-year timeframe for any VA employee. H.R. 1994, as amended, would also extend to 18 months the proba-tionary period for all new VA employ-ees to ensure a complete evaluation be-fore offering permanent status. 
Finally, Mr. Chairman, my bill re-
quires that GAO do a study on time and space that is spent on union activi-ties. I agree with all of my colleagues that a great majority of VA’s employ-ees are hard-working public servants who are dedicated to providing the quality health care and benefits that our veterans have earned, and I am sure that the majority of these employ-ees who are dedicated to the mission of the Department are just as frustrated as most of us are that problem employ-ees continue to be moved to new posi-tions or placed in a corner as opposed to removing them from the payroll. 
We have seen how the presence of 
poor performers and misconduct rang-ing from unethical practices to out-right criminal behavior can spread like a cancer throughout the workforce. When the Secretary comes across this presence of poor performance or mis-conduct, as we have seen time and time again across our country, such as Phoe-nix, Denver, central Alabama, Phila-
delphia, Los Angeles, in my home State of Florida, and in many other places across our Nation, it is nearly impossible to remove that cancer in a reasonable amount of time due to cur-rent civil service rules. 
This is not just my view. A recent 
GAO study found that it can take 6 months to a year, or sometimes signifi-cantly longer, Mr. Chairman, to fire poor performing government employ-ees. More telling, last month, VA’s Deputy Secretary Gibson sat before our Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and admitted that it was too difficult to fire a substandard employee. We should all agree that it defies common sense for it to take many months or even years to fire a poor performing em-ployee at VA. 
We, as Members of Congress, and the 
American citizens appreciate the sac-rifices that our veterans have made and always argue that they deserve nothing but the highest quality care and treatment, but in my view, bad employees mean bad customer service and an impediment to the quality serv-ices that our veterans have earned. If we truly want for our veterans to have the very best, then the status quo sim-ply is no longer acceptable. 
I know there are concerns that this 
bill will hurt the Department’s ability to recruit and retain good employees and hurt employee morale, but I think nothing could be further from the truth. The best way to improve morale is to get rid of the causes of the dys-function that we currently see at the VA. Nobody enjoys working for an or-ganization that fails to hold poor per-formance accountable, and the only employees the VA should want to re-cruit are those who want to work in an environment where they know every-one is respected and can be held ac-countable for their actions. 
Some have also said that this bill is 
not needed because VA fires employees all the time, but the raw numbers, Mr. Chairman, just don’t tell that story. Following a year in which we witnessed the biggest scandal in VA history, only three—let me repeat, three—employees of a workforce of over 340,000 people have been successfully fired for wait time manipulation. These numbers, or lack thereof, make it clear that more work needs to be done to turn the tide at VA and change the culture within the Department. 
b1445 
That is why this legislation is not 
punitive but is necessary if we truly want the Secretary to make the changes this Congress, the American people, and, most importantly, our vet-erans expect to see made. 
I know that the unions oppose this 
and continue to compare my bill to current law in an attempt to illustrate what they think my bill is lacking, in their opinion; but comparing my bill to current law ignores the far too often egregious effects of current civil serv-ice laws which have contributed to the 
scandals at VA. 
Yes, the bill before us today is dif-
ferent from current law, because the current law needs to be changed, and that is what I and many of my col-leagues are trying to accomplish with this legislation. Despite our attempts to reach a measure of common ground with the unions, they have made it clear from the beginning that pretty much anything but the status quo will not garner their support. 
Well, we have proven that the status 
quo is not working. It is failing the mission of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and it is failing the veterans the VA is supposed to serve. Mr. Chair-man, it is time for a change. The Sec-retary needs the ability to make real reforms, and he needs to be able to do it quicker than the current average timeline of 6 to 12 months to remove a single employee. 
It has also come to my attention 
that the administration has recently come out saying that they strongly op-pose the bill and could potentially veto it if it arrives at the President’s desk; but this removal authority for all VA employees is modeled after the same authority provided in the Choice Act that was passed by the House and the Senate and signed by the President last summer, the same authority that, at the bill signing almost exactly this time last year, the President said: ‘‘If you engage in an unethical practice, if you cover up a serious problem, you should be fired . . . It shouldn’t be that difficult.’’ 
Mr. Chair, I am not sure why the 
President has changed his position al-most exactly a year later. 
The voice of the unions should not be 
heard over the voice of our veterans. We need to continue to push for the same change we pushed for last year. Now is not the time to change our be-lief in the need for greater account-ability within VA. 
Our veterans still expect us to con-
tinue to advocate for them as more and more of VA’s missteps are brought to light every single day, whether they are on the front page of the paper or not. We cannot continue to put the needs of employees whose performance or misconduct would not be tolerated in the private sector ahead of our Na-tion’s veterans because we are scared of change or because we don’t want to upset the unions. 
Ladies and gentlemen, if we do not at 
least try to give the Secretary the tools he or she needs to hold VA em-ployees accountable, then we as a Con-gress are just as culpable for any fu-ture VA failures as the antiquated civil service laws that foster those failures now. 
There is not a doubt in my mind that 
all of my colleagues here today care for our Nation’s veterans; but today, we can decide to stand with our veterans 
or we can decide to stand with the sta-tus quo, which I believe has failed them and the American public for far too long. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JY7.044 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5625 July 29, 2015 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOV-
ERNMENT REFORM , 
Washington, DC, July 27, 2015. 
Hon. J EFFMILLER , 
Chairman, Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, 
Washington, DC. 
DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : I write concerning 
H.R. 1994, the VA Accountability Act of 2015, as amended by the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. As you know, the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs received an original referral and the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform a secondary referral when the bill was introduced on April 23, 2015. I recog-nize and appreciate your desire to bring this legislation before the House of Representa-tives in an expeditious manner, and accord-ingly, the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform will forego action on the bill, as amended. 
The Committee takes this action with our 
mutual understanding that by foregoing con-sideration of H.R. 1994, as amended, at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or simi-lar legislation. Further, I request your sup-port for the appointment of conferees from the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform during any House-Senate con-ference convened on this or related legisla-tion. 
Finally, I would ask that a copy of our ex-
change of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during floor consideration, to memorialize our under-standing. 
Sincerely, 
J
ASON CHAFFETZ . 
Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , 
COMMITTEE ON VETERANS AFFAIRS , 
Washington, DC, July 27, 2015. 
Hon. J ASON CHAFFETZ , 
Chairman, House Committee on Oversight and 
Government Reform, Washington, DC. 
DEARCHAIRMAN CHAFFETZ : In reference to 
your letter on July 27, 2015, I write to con-firm our mutual understanding regarding H.R. 1994, as amended, the ‘‘VA Account-ability Act of 2015.’’ 
I appreciate the house Committee on Over-
sight and Government Reform’s waiver of consideration of provisions under its juris-diction and its subject matter as specified in your letter. I acknowledge that the waiver was granted only to expedite floor consider-ation of H.R. 1994, as amended, and does not in any way waive or diminish the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform’s jurisdictional interests over this legislation or similar legislation. I will sup-port a request from the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform for ap-pointment to any House-Senate conference on H.R. 1994, as amended. Finally, I will also support your request to include a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter in the Congressional Record during floor consider-ation. 
Again, thank you for your assistance with 
these matters. 
With warm personal regards, I am 
Sincerely, 
J
EFFMILLER , 
Chairman. 
Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise in opposition to H.R. 1994. We 
are all frustrated that the VA is not moving fast enough to hold bad em-ployees accountable, but I do not be-lieve H.R. 1994 would lead to real, long- term accountability at the VA. In fact, I believe it would have the opposite ef-
fect by possibly shielding poor-per-forming VA employees from ever being removed. 
This bill violates longstanding Su-
preme Court precedent regarding our Constitution’s promise of due process rights. Our Constitution guarantees that we cannot be deprived of life, lib-erty, or property without due process of law. Our veterans were willing to lay down their lives to defend this basic promise. 
The Supreme Court of the United 
States has determined that our Con-stitution gives Federal employees the right to due process, meaning fair no-tice and a chance to respond, before losing their jobs. As lawmakers, we do not have the power to revoke this con-stitutional principle of fairness and due process for a select group of people, no matter how outraged we may feel. I be-lieve it is wrong to assume that VA employees are guilty until proven inno-cent. 
If H.R. 1994 were enacted, I believe 
courts could very well overturn any re-movals as a violation of those employ-ees’ due process rights. They could then reinstate and give backpay to those who were removed. Bad employ-ees would become permanent fixtures at the VA. 
We all agree that VA needs to use the 
current tools it has more vigorously to remove poor-performing employees, but we should not throw out important constitutional protections to arbitrary actions simply because some claim it is too difficult to follow the law or be faithful to our basic principles of fair-ness. 
H.R. 1994 would provide a new tool to 
VA managers, but perhaps not the tool imagined by its supporters. Bad man-agers and political appointees would have the ability to threaten the liveli-hoods of honest VA workers trying to follow VA regulations and policy, thus reinforcing the culture of fear and re-luctance to speak out against poor management or malfeasance at the VA. If these employees were fired, they would have very little opportunity to tell their side of the story. 
H.R. 1994 would make VA the only at- 
will workplace within the Federal Gov-ernment. Veterans desperately need our Nation’s top doctors, nurses, and counselors to choose to work at the VA, and it is already hard enough to recruit them away from the private sector. 
An article last week in USA Today 
found that VA has 41,500 unfilled med-ical jobs, ‘‘forcing vets into costly pri-vate care.’’ Removing basic civil serv-ice protections—and basic fairness— would make VA an even less desirable place to work and add to these recruit-ing woes. 
Keep in mind that over 30 percent of 
VA employees are veterans themselves. They deserve better than to find them-
selves in a workplace that strips them of basic constitutional protections— again, protections that they fought to defend. This bill is nothing more than an at-
tempt to destroy the civil service using the VA as a test case. It would em-power the very individuals who have often perpetuated the worst VA scan-dals—VA managers—to threaten the livelihood of hard-working, frontline VA employees and silence the voices of the whistleblowers we rely on to tell us when something is wrong. 
For all of our frustration with the 
VA, the continued existence of a non-partisan civil service is vital if we are to fix the mess at the VA and provide our veterans with the benefits and services that we have promised them and that they have earned. 
As the Merit Systems Protection 
Board has stated in a report from May: ‘‘Due process is available for the whis-tleblower, the employee who belongs to the ‘wrong’ political party, the reserv-ist whose periods of military service are inconvenient to the boss, the scape-goat, and the person who has been mis-judged based on faulty information. Due process is a constitutional require-ment and a small price to pay to en-sure the American people receive a merit-based civil service rather than a corrupt spoils system.’’ 
We should not, under the guise of 
‘‘accountability,’’ destroy one of the best tools we have to provide the bene-fits and services we have promised our veterans. That tool is a nonpartisan and nonpolitical VA workforce. 
We need to take steps to protect the 
vast majority of the high-performing VA workforce from being fired at the whim of capricious or retaliatory man-agers or political appointees, not to make it even easier. 
I believe H.R. 1994 violates our Con-
stitution. The administration has issued a veto threat, and if enacted, H.R. 1994 would not stand up in a court of law. Ultimately, veterans would be harmed the most when courts overturn this policy and then reinstate bad em-ployees at the VA. 
Instead of scapegoating the vast ma-
jority of hard-working VA employees, Congress should look for real opportu-nities to reform our civil service in a manner that is constitutional, while providing adequate resources and bet-ter policies to provide outcomes at the VA. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, it is amazing that every single Democrat in the Congress last year voted in favor of the very same rules and regulations. 
I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman 
from Colorado (Mr. L AMBORN ), from the 
Fifth Congressional District. 
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in strong support of H.R. 1994, and I thank Chairman M
ILLER for bringing 
this critical issue to light. 
Like the chairman, I am on the side 
of veterans, and we in this Nation have a sacred trust to take care of the men and women who have defended our free-dom. Without accountability in the VA, we cannot properly care for our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JY7.045 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5626 July 29, 2015 
veterans. While I believe the great ma-
jority of VA employees are dedicated and hard-working Americans doing the right thing for our veterans, there are those in the VA who have not acted in the best interest of our veterans, and these individuals must be terminated. 
The fact that only three employees 
were successfully fired due to wait time manipulations is a disgrace. The current system is broken. Poor and me-diocre performance that endangers our veterans should not be tolerated. 
H.R. 1994 will help remove bad actors 
more easily from the VA system, ena-bling the remaining dedicated employ-ees to better serve our veterans. The bill will protect whistleblowers. 
Accountability in the VA needs to 
happen now, and I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 1994. 
Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chairman, may I 
inquire as to how much time is remain-ing? 
The CHAIR. The gentleman has 23 
minutes remaining. 
Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
Just in quick response to my good 
friend, Chairman M
ILLER , bringing up 
the issue of the SES provision, yes, most of us did vote for the Choice Act, the provision that dealt with the SES reform to make it easier to fire those employees. That number of employees is a very small number. It is about 400. We are talking about addressing the entire 300,000-strong employees. 
Let me just say that at the time I 
wish we had spent more time reviewing the constitutionality. I do believe the constitutionality of that action is also in question. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Will the gen-
tleman yield? 
Mr. TAKANO. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Florida. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. I thank my 
good friend for yielding, but I would also say that the Constitution of the United States protects even a single in-dividual. So to say that it is only a small group should not be anything in this discussion. 
I would assure you that the President 
of the United States would have had ample time to be able to go through and review it before he signed it into law. 
Mr. TAKANO. Reclaiming my time, 
let me just say that I believe the Con-stitution applies to the Senior Execu-tive Service as well as all of the 300,000 employees of the Veterans Administra-tion. 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman 
from Nevada (Ms. T
ITUS). 
Ms. TITUS. Mr. Chairman, as a mem-
ber of the House Veterans’ Affairs Committee, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 1994, the so-called VA Account-ability Act of 2015. 
We all agree on the importance of ac-
countability for those who care for our Nation’s heroes, but this is the wrong way to go about it. We are indeed throwing out the baby with the bathwater. My colleagues have outlined a num-
ber of reasons to oppose this legisla-tion, including questionable constitu-tionality, the elimination of long-standing and important due process procedures for employees, and the dam-age it would do to whistleblower pro-tections; but I would like to focus on the big picture, on the impact this will have on VA employees, many of whom are veterans themselves, and on our ef-forts to recruit the best employees pos-sible to serve our veterans. 
b1500 
This legislation takes VA employees, 
from janitors who clean the facilities and guards who protect the hospital, to the nurses caring for our Nation’s he-roes and the doctors providing critical care for our veterans, and moves them into second-class status. 
If H.R. 1994 passes, we will create a 
two-tiered Federal system, with VA employees less respected, less re-warded, and less protected than others. The VA already struggles to attract the best and brightest to serve our Na-tion’s heroes. If this legislation passes, we will make it even harder to recruit and retain the most qualified and best trained workforce at the VA. 
I know this because, in Las Vegas, we 
face challenges to fully staff our brand- new state-of-the-art hospital, and if the bill passes, we will lose an important recruitment tool, and our veterans will be the ones who are hurt. 
Let’s not fool ourselves here. This is 
just another piece of the Republican agenda to demonize public employees and privatize government services. Today, it is the VA. Tomorrow, it will be another agency that they don’t like—who knows, the EPA, the TSA, the FAA, the USDA. 
I urge my colleagues to oppose this 
legislation. Don’t ‘‘Scott Walkerize’’ the Federal Government. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. B
ILIRAKIS ), 
vice chairman of the full committee and my colleague from the Second Con-gressional District of Florida. 
Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
today to support the VA Account-ability Act. The brave women and men who return from serving our country should be able to receive timely access to quality care. Our veterans have earned our respect and admiration. 
In general, I believe that most em-
ployees at the VA are dedicated to our Nation’s heroes. However, a culture of mediocrity has permeated the VA. Too many employees who perform terribly are not fired. 
This bill before us today will allow 
the VA Secretary to fire employees more easily, but the heart of this issue is about the quality of care for vet-erans. If bad actors stay at the VA, that hurts veterans. 
Opponents speak in hypotheticals, 
but hypotheticals mean nothing in the face of overwhelming evidence. We know about the real negligence that goes on unpunished. This is a disservice 
to those who have borne the battle. 
The Washington Post reported on a 
VA employee who took a veteran seek-ing treatment for drug abuse to a crackhouse in a government vehicle and left the veteran there overnight. Sadly, it took over a year to fire that employee. That is inexcusable. 
According to the VA data given to 
the committee, only three VA employ-ees have been fired since the Arizona wait time scandal, specifically for data 
manipulation. That is unreasonable. 
This bill is needed because our Na-
tion’s heroes deserve better. That is the bottom line. We must protect our veterans. Support this bill. 
Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
AS-
CRELL ). 
Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Chairman, I 
want to start by saying I am in opposi-tion to this accountability bill, but I want to commend the chairman and the ranking member and the rest of the members of the Veterans’ Affairs Com-mittee. I think you have done a good job—and I don’t come up here and say that too often—because you have made it bipartisan. 
Now, what possessed you to bring 
this bill to the floor and use the word ‘‘accountability,’’ I am trying to figure that out because we want account-ability. I am a veteran, and I have fought. 
I have got a record for 18 years, in 
the forefront, running point on vet-erans issues, from waiting for so darn long to get an appointment, to the lat-est problems we have had in the VA concerning addressing our TBI patients and our post-traumatic stress disorder patients. No one is more disappointed than me in what transpired in the VA last year. 
As a vet, I was proud to support the 
bipartisan VA reform legislation that became law in response, but this bill isn’t about making the VA better or ensuring better care and treatment for our veterans. 
This bill is about trying to score 
some political points, an underhanded attempt to strip VA employees, and I don’t think you really want to do that, but that is the result. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Will the gen-
tleman yield? 
Mr. PASCRELL. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Florida. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Did you vote 
for the Veterans Access Choice and Ac-countability Act last year? 
Mr. PASCRELL. Yes, I did. Mr. MILLER of Florida. This lan-
guage is the same language that was in there. It does not take away the rights that you say are being taken away. You voted for the same thing last year. 
Mr. PASCRELL. Reclaiming my 
time, in the context of what we did a year ago and the context of what is now under the guise of accountability is very different to me. I read both bills, the one we voted on last year and this bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JY7.046 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5627 July 29, 2015 
There is important workplace protec-
tions that do not exist in this bill, and that is my position. We cannot start off by blaming unions, blaming the VA. 
We have been through this before. 
There are some bad actors there. We are trying to get rid of them, and I want to get rid of them faster than you want to get rid of them, but I don’t want to take down the whole group. 
We paint with a very wide brush. We 
have done this with other Federal agencies. The reality is that the civil service protections available to these employees and all other Federal em-ployees actually protect whistle-blowers—that is in the law already— and allow them to come forward when they see wrongdoing, without fearing some retaliation. 
Whistleblowers were how we discov-
ered the problems, Mr. Chairman, in the first place. That is how we found out about what was going on in Phoe-nix and in some other places. Correct me if I am wrong; I think you will agree with me. 
I agree that poorly performing em-
ployees have no place at the VA—or any other Federal agency for that mat-ter. We agree on both sides of the aisle. We can’t—as some have said, you guys are in favor of the vets, and we are not in favor of the vets. 
Come on. We are away from that. We 
did that 15 years ago. That didn’t work. 
I agree that poorly performing em-
ployees have no place at the VA—or any other Federal agency, not just this one. This demonization of government employees that my colleagues are spearheading does not encourage pro-ductive work and, frankly, is just plain wrong. 
I urge my colleagues to oppose this 
legislation. We are not going to make these folks any more accountable by demonizing the work. 
By the way, just as you can’t have 
community policing without police, you have got to understand, you can-not have service with thousands and thousands of positions being vacant be-cause you don’t want to spend the money. 
That is at one of the cores; it may 
not be the most fundamental reason. That is one of the reasons at least why we can’t provide service. 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. B
YRNE ). The 
Committee will rise informally. 
The Speaker pro tempore (Mrs. 
WALORSKI ) assumed the chair. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT 
A message in writing from the Presi-
dent of the United States was commu-nicated to the House by Mr. Brian Pate, one of his secretaries. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Committee will resume its sitting. 
f 
VA ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 2015 
The Committee resumed its sitting. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, I don’t believe I have mentioned the unions one time, but I now think I 
understand why the disparity in the vote. The senior executive level that we passed the accountability for last year is nonunionized, and the people that we are talking about today are unionized. 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman 
from the First District of Tennessee (Mr. R
OE). 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Chairman, 
it is a pleasure to join my colleagues on the House floor today to speak in support of H.R. 1994, the VA Account-ability Act, as amended. 
I would like to begin by noting that 
most of the VA’s 300,000-plus employees are honest, hard-working folks who get up every day and go to work with the sole intention of helping our veterans, just as they do at Mountain Home VA Medical Center in my hometown of Johnson City, Tennessee. 
With the scandals at the VA medical 
centers and reports of whistleblower retribution, it has become evident that there are more bad apples than we would like to believe. 
The VA Accountability Act would 
provide the flexibility necessary for the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to re-move these bad actors and send a mes-sage about the type of performance that we expect for our veterans. 
Additionally, this bill would provide 
frontline employees with increased whistleblower protections from ret-ribution from superiors and colleagues through the office of special counsel. 
As a member of the Veterans’ Affairs 
Subcommittee on Oversight and Inves-tigations and as a veteran myself, I un-derstand how crucial it is for whistle-blowers to continue coming forward with allegations of mismanagement, misconduct, and outright negligence. If whistleblowers don’t feel safe stepping forward, we will never, never be able to fix the problems at the VA. 
I think it is important to note that 
nothing in this bill compels the Sec-retary to remove anyone. Let me say that again. Nothing in this bill re-quires the Secretary to remove anyone. It simply gives the Secretary the tools necessary to remove bad employees, which would be a welcomed authority, I would think. 
Mr. Chairman, we must change the 
culture at the VA. As the second larg-est employing Department in the U.S. Government, second only to the De-partment of Defense, there are far too many bureaucratic hurdles in place to reasonably and responsibly manage it. 
Just one thing about spending at the 
VA, Mr. Chairman, I have been on the Veterans’ Affairs Committee since I have been in Congress, 6
1⁄2years. The 
budget is up 74 percent. We are spend-ing the money. We need to spend it more wisely. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
legislation for our Nation’s veterans. 
Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chairman, I am 
glad that my colleagues on the other side believe that we need to protect whistleblowers. It is precisely the at- will nature, making all of the 200,000 
employees of the VA at-will employees, which makes them more vulnerable to the caprices of managers and makes them less likely to want to come for-ward as whistleblowers. 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT ). 
Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise to oppose H.R. 1994, which seeks to transform 300,000 VA personnel to what we call at-will employees, capable of being fired based on anything, includ-ing their beliefs and not their merit necessarily. It effectively destroys the civil service as it is and as we know it at the VA. 
Now, some jaded colleagues of mine 
would look at this bill and say it is just a clever attempt to drive a wedge be-tween our Nation’s veterans—all of whom we ardently support on both sides of the aisle—between those vet-erans and the civil servants who serve them at the VA and the unions that represent them. 
This bill strips due process rights 
away from every nonmanagement VA employee, including over 100,000 vet-erans. That is the key, is that there are 100,000 veterans themselves affected by this bill; and they will lose rights as a result if this bill passes. 
Now, H.R. 1994 will have a chilling ef-
fect on those willing to speak out, and that has been addressed amply here-tofore, but I am here to say it goes be-yond whistleblowers. Whistleblowers in this country have a lot of protections. 
This goes beyond whistleblowers be-
cause, remember, a lot of the bad ac-tors at the VA that have led to the Phoenix situation and the others that we have seen are management people. 
Think of it. If we take away the due 
process rights of employees, not only who would serve as whistleblowers to blow the whistle on bad management conduct, but we take away their rights to due process before they lose their jobs; what we are doing to them is that we are perpetuating this culture of tacit compliance with bad actor man-agers at VA. 
For example, if an employee simply 
doesn’t want to go along with an im-proper and an unethical practice that a manager is asking him or her to do, that employee right now can say: No, I am not going to do it. 
If we pass this bill and they refuse to 
do it, they can be fired for not doing it. This is not the way to serve our Na-tion’s veterans. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. B
ENISHEK ), 
chairman of the Health Subcommittee. 
b1515 
Mr. BENISHEK. Mr. Chairman, today 
I rise in support of H.R. 1994, legisla-tion to allow the VA Secretary to fire employees because of poor performance or misconduct. I want to thank Chair-man M
ILLER for his strong leadership 
on this bill. 
The VA Committee has been relent-
less in our pursuit of answers and ac-countability for our veterans since the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JY7.048 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5628 July 29, 2015 
wait time scandal first surfaced. And, 
yet, the VA has only held three indi-viduals responsible for these unaccept-able failings. 
I am the father of a veteran, and I 
served our returning heroes as a doctor at the Iron Mountain VA hospital for 20 years. I know exactly the quality of our veterans, and they deserve so much better. 
In northern Michigan, we all know 
that, if you don’t do your job, you get fired. It is that simple. 
The VA needs to remember that it is 
not there to serve the VA, it is there to serve our veterans. Until we refocus the VA on this fundamental and sacred mission, we will continue to have the issues of mismanagement and incom-petence that have plagued the Depart-ment. 
This bill takes an important step in 
that direction. I am pleased to support it. I urge my colleagues to do the same. 
Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I just want to address again the fact 
that most of us did, in fact, vote for the Veterans Access, Choice and Ac-countability Act SES provision. 
I want to reiterate that the courts— 
not Congress, not the President—deter-mine whether a law we pass comports with the Constitution. 
In hindsight, we should have given 
that SES provision closer scrutiny. We might have reacted a bit too hastily to the Phoenix scandal. We were all, I think, unified in our outrage. 
However, that SES provision is now 
working its way through the court sys-tem and is very well possibly going to be overturned. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from the First District of Kan-sas (Mr. H
UELSKAMP ). 
Mr. HUELSKAMP. I thank the chair-
man. I appreciate the opportunity to speak in support of our legislation. 
Mr. Chairman, we do know in the last 
year there has been a lot of talk about accountability at the VA. Unfortu-nately, though, there has not been enough action or change by the VA under this administration. 
This bill provides much-needed tools 
to ensure the VA Secretary has the au-thority and the responsibility to re-move corrupt or incompetent employ-ees. 
As a Member of Congress, I am sim-
ply tired of hearing stories about em-ployees placed on indefinite adminis-trative leave or getting early retire-ment with full benefits for offenses that should get them fired, if we really cared about the veterans. 
Ultimately, here is the purpose of 
this bill: ending the culture of non-accountability at the VA. My bill, the Whistleblower Testimony Travel Act, is also included. 
It provides much-needed protections 
for courageous whistleblowers who tes-tify before Congress about the short-falls of this agency. It might be hard to believe, Mr. 
Chairman, but, currently, if a VA whis-tleblower is invited to testify before Congress, they are required to use their personal vacation time and personally cover all their own travel expenses. 
This bill would ensure that brave em-
ployees who report to Congress and the public on what is broken within the VA can do so on official time and be com-pensated by the VA for their travel costs. 
Ultimately, this legislation is about 
protecting our veterans. It is about making sure our veterans are treated with dignity and respect. It is about making certain that our brave veterans have a VA that works for them, not the other way around. 
Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chairman, may I 
inquire as to the time remaining? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from California has 12 minutes remain-ing. 
Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chairman, I just 
want to state for the record that, as of last year, under the current due proc-ess regime in effect at the VA, 872 per-manent employees were removed, 487 more resigned in lieu of being fired, and 958 probationary employees were terminated. 
So it is indeed very possible under 
the current due process regime for em-ployees to be disciplined and dismissed. We need to work more closely with the VA to make sure that we empower managers to utilize the current proc-esses in place. 
I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman 
from Maryland (Ms. E
DWARDS ). 
Ms. EDWARDS. I thank the gen-
tleman from California. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposi-
tion to H.R. 1994, the so-called VA Ac-countability Act. 
I am the daughter of a career service-
member and a veteran. I, too, was out-raged last year at the findings that wait time records were falsified at the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
But I have to tell you—and it has 
been said on the other side—my father actually received really good care and services in VA, as hundreds of thou-sands of veterans do all across this country, by the hundreds of thousands of veteran employees and workers at the VA. 
I recall that, in my State of Mary-
land, 10 percent of our population are veterans, and we are a small State. We all care about veterans and the care that they receive. 
Just before adjourning for our Au-
gust district work period last year, Congress passed and I voted for and the President signed into law the Veterans Access, Choice and Accountability Act. 
That law gave the VA Secretary ex-
panded authority to fire or demote Senior Executive Service employees, capped the amount of bonuses the VA could pay each year, and it required the VA to establish penalties for em-ployees who knowingly submit false wait time data. 
Well, enough already. Almost 1 year 
later House Republicans are not only here skipping town early with a whole 
bunch of unfinished business, but they are spending the last day of the session on an ideological bill that is aimed to disparage Federal employees. 
All employees, including Federal em-
ployees, must be held to the highest standards for their quality of work and their behavior. There are mechanisms that are in place to enforce those standards for all Federal employees, including those at the Veterans Af-fairs. 
The main provision of the bill would 
single out nonmanagement VA employ-ees, including over 100,000 veterans in the workforce to be fired or demoted without due process. 
We work really closely with our em-
ployees at the Baltimore regional of-fice and the Washington, D.C., Medical Center. These people, many veterans 
themselves, are dedicated. They care deeply about the patients they serve and the mission of the administration. 
This legislation is nothing more than 
a last-minute attempt by House Repub-licans to terminate, demoralize, and unfairly blame Federal employees and shrink the government so it can’t do anything for the American people. 
I will work with like-minded Mem-
bers of Congress who want to do the right thing and provide the right kind of oversight. But this is not the an-swer, and it would destroy VA’s merit- based civil service system. 
Let me just say this is not about ac-
countability. It is not about whistle-blowers. It is not about improving serv-ices for our Nation’s veterans. 
This bill is nothing more than union- 
busting. Let’s just call it what it is. It is union-busting, and it needs to be stopped. 
The House Republicans should be 
ashamed of trying to use VA employees and Federal employees for their own political gain. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, I would remind the gentlewoman that she voted at the last minute be-fore the August work recess for the Veterans Access, Choice and Account-ability Act. The same language is in there now. The only difference is it did not cover union employees. This one does. 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman 
from the Sixth District of Colorado (Mr. C
OFFMAN ). 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in strong support of H.R. 1994, the VA Accountability Act. 
You don’t have to look any further 
than my hometown of Aurora, Colo-rado, to see that the VA is in desperate need of fundamental reforms. 
What happens when the VA bursts its 
budget on a single construction project by over $1 billion? Nobody gets fired. Nobody gets disciplined. Nobody is at fault. 
Of course, that is not technically 
true. The VA was willing to fire one person involved, a whistleblower at-tempting to warn VA leaders early on of the growing problems with the project. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JY7.050 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5629 July 29, 2015 
To make matters worse, the VA 
didn’t just fail to discipline the people in charge of the Aurora project, but they awarded the VA’s construction chief over $600,000 in bonuses and let him retire with a full pension. 
There is a culture of bureaucratic in-
competence and corruption within the VA which is hurting our Nation’s vet-erans and wasting billions of taxpayer dollars. 
The VA Accountability Act is an im-
portant step in the right direction, and I urge its full support. 
Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. B
ROWN ), the ranking mem-
ber of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee. 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, let me just say, first of all, that I have been on this committee for the entire time I have been in Congress, 23 years. 
What I have always enjoyed about 
this committee is the bipartisan nature of this committee. But let me just tell you this bill, H.R. 1994, I do not sup-port. 
The gentleman from Florida, Chair-
man M
ILLER , has said repeatedly that 
we voted for this provision in the Choice Act. And the only reason we did it was because these were union people or not union people. 
I went to every single meeting, every 
single conference, and this provision that you are talking about—the devil is always in the details. 
Maybe we need to make sure we read 
every bill closely because I was not— yes, the Secretary has the authority to fire people. But we want to make sure that they have due process. 
We are voting to give the VA the ad-
ditional resources they need to do away with the backlog. 
Would the gentleman from Florida 
respond to that. Because none of us were voting for H.R. 1994. It was a bad year for Congress, a bad year for the American people. 
I yield to the gentleman from Flor-
ida. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. I would say 
to the gentlewoman from Florida that, if she would ask a question, I will be more than happy to answer her ques-tion. 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, Chairman M
ILLER has said re-
peatedly that this provision that you have was in the base bill of the Choice program and that we all knew that we were voting to give the Secretary addi-tional authority to fire people. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. That is cor-
rect. 
The Acting CHAIR. The time of the 
gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. TAKANO. I yield an additional 1 
minute to the gentlewoman. 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Yesterday in 
the committee I heard someone say that the goal is to close all of the VA facilities and privatize it. 
Now, let me be clear that that is not 
the goal of the Members on the Demo-cratic side. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, I would also say that H.R. 4031 last year was a stand-alone bill that dealt specifically with firing senior ex-ecutive-level individuals, the same lan-guage that is in here now for the rest of the VA. 
The Democrats unanimously sup-
ported that language in the Veterans Access, Choice and Accountability Act. 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman 
from the State of Indiana (Mrs. W
ALORSKI ). 
Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise today in support of the VA Ac-countability Act. I also want to thank Chairman M
ILLER for sponsoring this 
bill and for his work to reform the De-partment of Veterans Affairs. 
It wasn’t long ago that news reports 
of VA mismanagement made headlines across this country. Reports surfaced of veterans dying due to mismanaged wait times and senior executives re-
ceiving bonuses instead of receiving punishment for knowingly allowing this negligence to occur. 
Over the past year, the Veterans’ Af-
fairs Committee has continued to un-cover instances of mismanagement or misconduct by VA employees. 
We discovered the VA often does not 
hold employees accountable for their actions. When the VA attempts to take disciplinary action against an em-ployee, the process is so complicated and lengthy that such action rarely oc-curs. 
In May, VA Deputy Secretary Sloan 
Gibson admitted that it was very dif-ficult to fire bad employees. For too long, taxpayers have been footing the bill to pay poor-performing employees to provide substandard care to our vet-erans. 
Only in government are special pro-
tections put in place that protect those who cannot appropriately do their job. 
However, I also recognize there are 
individuals in the VA who do a great job for our veterans, and they should be commended for that. 
This legislation simply builds on last 
year’s law that gave the VA Secretary the authority to remove employees for poor performance or misconduct. 
The VA Accountability Act of 2015 
expands that power further to the en-tire VA workforce, giving the Sec-retary increased authority to remove employees who are not meeting the standards of service that veterans de-serve and taxpayers expect. 
In addition, the legislation protects 
whistleblowers and would shorten the appeal period and end what many vet-erans believe is a never-ending process to remove employees who may be dam-aging the Department’s reputation and, even worse, putting veterans at risk. 
b1530 
This bill takes those steps to ensure 
our Nation’s servicemen and -women receive the care they rightfully de-serve. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in 
supporting this bill because our vet-erans deserve nothing but the best. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I just want to point out we keep get-
ting back to this point about every-body voted for the SES provision that is only now being extended to all em-ployees now, but I want to remind my colleagues that that provision was part of a large, large conference report that included the $10 billion to address the problems we had in Phoenix. There were 1,500 graduate medical education slots. It was a huge, huge, huge bill. 
There were a number of people who 
did have concerns about the provision that affected the SES employees, but given the enormity of the situation we were trying to address, I believe that many folks just believe that it was the best thing to do to come together on a bipartisan basis and pass a bill that ad-dressed the situation in Phoenix. 
I also want to address another issue. 
H.R. 1994 does not protect whistle-blowers to the extent that whistle-blowers are protected now under the current regime. In fact, it creates extra hurdles for whistleblowers, and I bring this point up because we would not know about the terrible egregious situ-ation in Phoenix without whistle-blowers coming forward. 
What do I mean by that? This bill 
does nothing to protect the firing of a whistleblower who has not yet filed an official complaint before they even have the opportunity to report danger to patient safety, wrongdoing, malfea-sance, or discrimination. 
This bill will encourage bad employ-
ees to file for whistleblower status to prevent themselves from being fired, and these bad employees will overbur-den the office of special counsel with frivolous complaints. 
Now, if you are an at-will employee 
and you are under threat of immediate dismissal, an immediate threat to your livelihood, that is even more of an in-timidating situation for that employee not to want to come forward as a whis-tleblower. 
Mr. Chairman, I believe that this bill 
actually worsens the situation for whistleblowers and does not protect them more; it protects them less. It gives them extra burdens. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I would say that the statutory defini-
tion in chapter 5 of a whistleblower ‘‘means a complaint by an employee of the Department disclosing, or assisting another employee to disclose, a poten-tial violation of any law, rule, or regu-lation, or gross mismanagement, gross waste of funds, abuse of authority, or substantial and specific danger to pub-lic health and safety.’’ 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman 
from Louisiana, Dr. Abraham, an able- bodied member of our committee. 
Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the chairman for bringing up this very strong bill which, in my opin-ion, will be lifesaving for some of our Nation’s heroes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JY7.051 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5630 July 29, 2015 
I rise today in support of the VA Ac-
countability Act of 2015. I am a proud original cosponsor of the bill, and I be-lieve the legislation is vital to rooting out the pervasive bureaucracy that plagues the Federal Government. 
As a direct result of this broken sys-
tem, we have seen instances where a VA employee actually took a patient to a crackhouse to get a ‘‘fix.’’ It took an entire year for that employee to be fired—an entire year. 
As a direct result of this broken sys-
tem, we have seen senior employees caught participating in retaliation against whistleblowers, only to remain on the job. 
As a direct result of this broken sys-
tem, we have seen employees who were caught manipulating veterans’ dis-ability claims. 
Do you know what happened to those 
employees? They were promoted. They received bonuses. This is unacceptable on so many levels, and it is time for it to stop. We have to make the VA work for the veteran. The current law pro-tects those who have forgotten that they work for the veteran, not the other way around. 
Even the Veterans Affairs Depart-
ment’s own Deputy Secretary, Sloan Gibson, as you heard before, recently admitted at a congressional hearing that ‘‘it is too hard to fire someone at the VA.’’ There is no excuse for those who fail to do their job and then get promoted, none. 
H.R. 1994 is a giant step forward in 
ensuring that good employees are pro-tected, ensuring whistleblowers are protected, and, most importantly, that our Nation’s heroes are protected. 
I urge my colleagues to stand up for 
the veterans who have to stand up for us by supporting the VA Account-ability Act of 2015. 
Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chairman, I re-
serve the balance of my time. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
OS-
TELLO ), from the Sixth District. 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Chairman, should the Secretary of the VA be allowed to remove or demote an employee of the Department for poor performance or misconduct? That is the question, as I see it. 
Common sense to me dictates that, if 
an employee is poorly performing or has demonstrated incompetence or dis-honesty, as we have seen at VAs in Philadelphia and across the country, we need to be able to get rid of them— common sense. 
I hear those who are speaking about 
due process violations implicit or ex-plicit in this legislation, and I simply just don’t see it. For one, there was a law passed last Congress; I wasn’t here then, but it was part of a larger, broad-er bill that brought more money to the VA, and with more money, there should be more accountability. I think that is common sense. 
Here is the example: Poorly per-
forming employee, employee who mis-behaves, demoted or terminated? Under 
this bill, that employee, within 7 days, gets to file an expedited appeal with the Merit Systems Protection Board, and then the MSPB would have to make a final decision within 45 days. If you get fired, if you get demoted, if you think that that was wrong, there is a process that is in place to address that. 
This comes on the heels of a lot of 
problems in the VA. We need more ac-countability, and we need more trans-parency, and we hear that all the time. This bill addresses that. 
This bill also provides more protec-
tions to whistleblowers. It is the coura-geous whistleblowers, through their te-nacity, that have brought a lot of the problems forward. This bill seeks to protect them. 
I want to thank the chairman for his 
leadership. 
Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I wish to address this issue of the ap-
peals process that takes place post facto. The Supreme Court decisions and case law make very clear that Fed-eral employees are entitled to due process on the front end and that this bill clearly does not meet that upfront, front-loaded due process moment. 
Clearly, 45 days, the Board that 
makes these decisions, if they don’t make a decision, the decision for the firing stands, so they do not have to make a firm decision, and there is no appeal. There is no appeal. That deci-sion is final. 
I want to remind my colleagues that 
the Secretary of the VA hopefully is al-ways appointed by the President with a sense of merit, but I remind you that these are political appointees con-firmed by the Senate, as are the top ap-pointees in any Federal department. 
You do away with due process rights, 
you do away with the very cornerstone of a merit-based civil service system. You subject it long term to becoming a spoils system to be dismissed, rehired at the whim of any incoming adminis-tration. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
My bill provides all employees an ap-
peal to the MSPB. Post-depravation is not an issue; and regarding pre-depra-vation due process, my bill provides the same protections as the Choice Act, which the MSPB has held does not, on its face, violate the due process clause. 
I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman 
from American Samoa (Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN ), a new member of our 
committee. 
Mrs. RADEWAGEN. Mr. Chairman, I 
want to thank Chairman M ILLER for in-
troducing this important legislation that will increase accountability in the VA. 
For too long, our veterans, including 
the large number I represent in Amer-ican Samoa, have been subjected to im-proper treatment, long wait times, and 
other serious matters that have yet to be addressed. 
This commonsense legislation, of 
which I am proud to be a cosponsor, will enable the VA to hold those who do not perform their duties account-able, which will surely lead to better services for our veterans. No longer should our veterans come second to lifelong bureaucrats who have gamed the system while our veterans have 
suffered. 
I want to be clear that I believe the 
vast majority of those VA employees who serve our veterans do so honorably and are dedicated to making sure that those they serve are awarded the serv-ices and benefits they have so right-fully earned. However, it is clear that there are some bad apples in the VA, and we must not let them continue to ruin the bunch. 
Mr. Chairman, I want to, once again, 
thank Chairman M
ILLER for his work 
on this bill, and I look forward to see-ing it signed into law. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, I would like to ask how much time is remaining. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Florida has 2
1⁄2minutes. The gen-
tleman from California has 2 minutes. 
Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. 
I just want to remind my colleagues 
that the front-end provisions that were accorded to the SES employees, we stripped them completely of the front- end due process. 
Only with a regulatory move by the 
VA itself, instituted a 5-day procedure of due process because they, too, be-lieved that case law required at least some front end, and that was over the objections of many of my colleagues. That rule was over the objections of many of my colleagues. 
H.R. 1994 strips away front-end due 
process for all 348,728 employees, of whom 114,740 are veterans. Before we paint them as faceless bureaucrats, one of every three VA employees is a vet-eran who has laid their life on the line for our country. I think we need to talk about our VA employees with re-spect. 
Even my good friend, the chairman of 
the VA committee, has said the vast majority of the employees are good, hard-working, competent, good-inten-tioned people. They deserve to be treat-ed fairly; they deserve to be treated with respect. 
Certainly, our frontline employees, 
our frontline employees, we need to protect them from a capricious, politi-cally motivated manager who will fire them at will and intimidate them into not being a whistleblower. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ). 
Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
in strong support of the VA Account-ability Act. 
In his recent remarks at the VFW na-
tional convention in Pittsburgh, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JY7.052 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5631 July 29, 2015 
Barack Obama discussed the outbreak 
of Legionnaire’s disease at the Pitts-burgh VA that killed six veterans and sickened many more. 
The Office of the Inspector General 
concluded that systemic failures and mismanagement at the VA were to blame for the outbreak, and the Presi-dent stated unequivocally: ‘‘Whenever there are any missteps, there is no ex-cuse.’’ 
Mr. Chairman, that is the essence of 
the VA Accountability Act. With the enactment of this important legisla-tion, there is no longer any excuse for chronic dysfunction at the VA. There is no excuse for the VA keeping bad employees, placing them on indefinite paid leave, or rewarding them with lav-ish bonuses. There is no excuse for the VA looking the other way when there is retaliation against courageous whis-tleblowers. 
Simply put, this legislation ensures 
that there is no excuse for the VA fail-ing our veterans and their families anymore. 
I thank the committee for its hard 
work on this legislation, and I urge my colleagues to support this bill. 
b1545 
Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chairman, I have 
no further requests for time, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
In closing, there has been a lot said 
today about a lack of due process. I do want to remind my colleagues that, in the Cleveland Board of Education v. Loudermill of 1985, it basically states that, if post-deprivation due process in-cludes a full hearing, on appeal, the Su-preme Court has long held that pre- deprivation due process need only be minimal, to only include notice of charges, an explanation of the evi-dence, and an opportunity to present their side of the story. 
In fact, in the Merit Systems Protec-
tion Board ruling, the administrative law judge in the Hellman case basically said he did not find the response period was so short—it was 5 days—as to con-stitute on its face a due process viola-tion, i.e., lack of meaningful oppor-tunity to respond to the charges. 
There has been a lot said so far, and 
I am sure there will be more that will be said on the floor as amendments are brought; but I encourage all of my col-leagues to support H.R. 1994, as amend-ed. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Chair, I 
rise today in opposition to H.R. 1994, the VA Accountability Act of 2015. While no member of this body will deny that there is a need for fundamental and transparent reform at the De-partment of Veterans Affairs this bill does nothing to address the systematic issues that have plagued the VA. 
Currently, VA Management has many dif-
ferent routes to hold their employees account-able through existing law. H.R. 1994 would allow the VA to immediately fire employees for poor performance, violating a worker’s right to 
due process. I’m concerned that the bill would effectively make the VA the only ‘‘at-will’’ fed-eral agency and this would further deplete the talent and retention of the public servants who serve our veterans. 
I fully support Mr. T
AKANO ’s amendment in 
nature of a substitute which would allow the VA to immediately suspend without pay any employee who’s suspected misconducted threatened health or safety then allow the em-ployee to tell their side of the story, preventing cases of political patronage and an increase in false whistleblower cases. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Chair, I rise today in 
opposition to H.R. 1994, the so-called ‘‘VA Ac-countability Act of 2015.’’ There is nothing more important than providing for the men and women who have made so many sacrifices for our country. However, today’s legislation is a fake solution and provides no real fix to the fundamental problems at the VA. 
This legislation turns hundreds of thousands 
of VA employees—including many who served in the armed services and are veteran’s them-selves—into at-will employees. As a result, this would open the door for political abuse and witch-hunts, effectively creating a mecha-nism where career federal employees could be removed because of their views or political affiliation. In addition, turning individuals into at-will employees would likely discourage whistleblowers from coming forward out of fear of being terminated. Moreover, if this legisla-tion passes, the Department of Veterans Af-fairs would be the only federal agency with at- will employment, making it harder to recruit and retain the best and brightest employees who are needed to serve our veterans. 
I was disappointed that a substitute amend-
ment offered by Congressman T
AKANO was 
not adopted. Rep. T AKANO ’s amendment 
would immediately suspend without pay any employee that is found to put a veteran’s health and safety in jeopardy. However, it also ensures that all employees—included whistle-blowers—are granted their constitutional right 
to due process. On the other hand, H.R. 1994 would dismantle civil service protections that have been in place for decades. It would strip away important protections for federal workers and would deny a VA employee the oppor-tunity to appeal a decision to the full Merit Systems Protection Board. 
Unfortunately, nothing in this bill addresses 
the systemic problems that continue to plague the VA health care system. I urge my col-leagues to oppose this legislation. 
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. H
ULTGREN ). 
All time for general debate has expired. 
Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be 
considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule. 
It shall be in order to consider as an 
original bill for the purpose of amend-ment under the 5-minute rule the amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute recommended by the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs, printed in the bill. The committee amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be con-sidered as read. 
The text of the committee amend-
ment in the nature of a substitute is as follows: 
H.R. 1994 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘VA Account-
ability Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. REMOVAL OR DEMOTION OF EMPLOYEES 
BASED ON PERFORMANCE OR MIS-CONDUCT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 7 of title 38, United 
States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 715. Employees: removal or demotion based 
on performance or misconduct 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary may remove 
or demote an individual who is an employee of the Department if the Secretary determines the performance or misconduct of the individual warrants such removal or demotion. If the Sec-retary so removes or demotes such an indi-vidual, the Secretary may— 
‘‘(1) remove the individual from the civil serv-
ice (as defined in section 2101 of title 5); or 
‘‘(2) demote the individual by means of— ‘‘(A) a reduction in grade for which the indi-
vidual is qualified and that the Secretary deter-mines is appropriate; or 
‘‘(B) a reduction in annual rate of pay that 
the Secretary determines is appropriate. 
‘‘(b) P
AY OF CERTAIN DEMOTED INDIVID -
UALS.—(1) Notwithstanding any other provision 
of law, any individual subject to a demotion under subsection (a)(2)(A) shall, beginning on the date of such demotion, receive the annual rate of pay applicable to such grade. 
‘‘(2) An individual so demoted may not be 
placed on administrative leave or any other cat-egory of paid leave during the period during which an appeal (if any) under this section is ongoing, and may only receive pay if the indi-vidual reports for duty. If an individual so de-moted does not report for duty, such individual shall not receive pay or other benefits pursuant 
to subsection (e)(5). 
‘‘(c) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 30 
days after removing or demoting an individual under subsection (a), the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and House of Representatives notice in writing of such removal or demotion and the reason for such removal or demotion. 
‘‘(d) P
ROCEDURE .—(1) The procedures under 
section 7513(b) of title 5 and chapter 43 of such title shall not apply to a removal or demotion under this section. 
‘‘(2)(A) Subject to subparagraph (B) and sub-
section (e), any removal or demotion under sub-section (a) may be appealed to the Merit Sys-tems Protection Board under section 7701 of title 5. 
‘‘(B) An appeal under subparagraph (A) of a 
removal or demotion may only be made if such appeal is made not later than seven days after the date of such removal or demotion. 
‘‘(e) E
XPEDITED REVIEW BY ADMINISTRATIVE  
JUDGE .—(1) Upon receipt of an appeal under 
subsection (d)(2)(A), the Merit Systems Protec-tion Board shall refer such appeal to an admin-istrative judge pursuant to section 7701(b)(1) of title 5. The administrative judge shall expedite any such appeal under such section and, in any such case, shall issue a decision not later than 45 days after the date of the appeal. 
‘‘(2) Notwithstanding any other provision of 
law, including section 7703 of title 5, the deci-sion of an administrative judge under para-graph (1) shall be final and shall not be subject to any further appeal. 
‘‘(3) In any case in which the administrative 
judge cannot issue a decision in accordance with the 45-day requirement under paragraph (1), the removal or demotion is final. In such a case, the Merit Systems Protection Board shall, within 14 days after the date that such removal or demotion is final, submit to Congress and the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and House of Representatives a report that ex-plains the reasons why a decision was not issued in accordance with such requirement. 
‘‘(4) The Merit Systems Protection Board or 
administrative judge may not stay any removal or demotion under this section. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K29JY7.053 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5632 July 29, 2015 
‘‘(5) During the period beginning on the date 
on which an individual appeals a removal from the civil service under subsection (d) and ending on the date that the administrative judge issues a final decision on such appeal, such individual may not receive any pay, awards, bonuses, in-centives, allowances, differentials, student loan repayments, special payments, or benefits. 
‘‘(6) To the maximum extent practicable, the 
Secretary shall provide to the Merit Systems Protection Board, and to any administrative judge to whom an appeal under this section is referred, such information and assistance as may be necessary to ensure an appeal under this subsection is expedited. 
‘‘(f) W
HISTLEBLOWER PROTECTION .—(1) In the 
case of an individual seeking corrective action (or on behalf of whom corrective action is sought) from the Office of Special Counsel based on an alleged prohibited personnel practice de-scribed in section 2302(b) of title 5, the Secretary may not remove or demote such individual under subsection (a) without the approval of the Special Counsel under section 1214(f) of title 5. 
‘‘(2) In the case of an individual who has filed 
a whistleblower complaint, as such term is de-fined in section 731 of this title, the Secretary may not remove or demote such individual under subsection (a) until the central whistle-blower office under section 732(h) of this title has made a final decision with respect to the whistleblower complaint. 
‘‘(g) T
ERMINATION OF INVESTIGATIONS BY OF-
FICE OF SPECIAL COUNSEL .—Notwithstanding 
any other provision of law, the Special Counsel (established by section 1211 of title 5) may termi-nate an investigation of a prohibited personnel practice alleged by an employee or former em-ployee of the Department after the Special Counsel provides to the employee or former em-ployee a written statement of the reasons for the termination of the investigation. Such statement may not be admissible as evidence in any judi-cial or administrative proceeding without the consent of such employee or former employee. 
‘‘(h) R
ELATION TO TITLE 5.—The authority 
provided by this section is in addition to the au-thority provided by subchapter V of chapter 75 of title 5 and chapter 43 of such title. 
‘‘(i) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) The term ‘individual’ means an indi-
vidual occupying a position at the Department but does not include— 
‘‘(A) an individual, as that term is defined in 
section 713(g)(1); or 
‘‘(B) a political appointee. ‘‘(2) The term ‘grade’ has the meaning given 
such term in section 7511(a) of title 5. 
‘‘(3) The term ‘misconduct’ includes neglect of 
duty, malfeasance, or failure to accept a di-rected reassignment or to accompany a position in a transfer of function. 
‘‘(4) The term ‘political appointee’ means an 
individual who is— 
‘‘(A) employed in a position described under 
sections 5312 through 5316 of title 5 (relating to the Executive Schedule); 
‘‘(B) a limited term appointee, limited emer-
gency appointee, or noncareer appointee in the Senior Executive Service, as defined under para-graphs (5), (6), and (7), respectively, of section 3132(a) of title 5; or 
‘‘(C) employed in a position of a confidential 
or policy-determining character under schedule C of subpart C of part 213 of title 5 of the Code of Federal Regulations.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— 
(1) C LERICAL .—The table of sections at the be-
ginning of such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘715. Employees: removal or demotion based on 
performance or misconduct.’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING .—Section 4303(f) of title 5, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of paragraph 
(2); (B) by striking the period at the end of para-
graph (3) and inserting ‘‘, or’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) any removal or demotion under section 
715 of title 38.’’. 
SEC. 3. REQUIRED PROBATIONARY PERIOD FOR 
NEW EMPLOYEES OF DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) P ROBATIONARY PERIOD .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 7 of title 38, United 
States Code, as amended by section 2, is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 717. Probationary period for employees 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding sections 
3321 and 3393(d) of title 5, the appointment of a covered employee shall become final only after such employee has served a probationary period of 18 months. The Secretary may extend a pro-bationary period under this subsection at the discretion of the Secretary. 
‘‘(b) C
OVERED EMPLOYEE .—In this section, the 
term ‘covered employee’— 
‘‘(1) means any individual— ‘‘(A) appointed to a permanent position with-
in the competitive service at the Department; or 
‘‘(B) appointed as a career appointee (as that 
term is defined in section 3132(a)(4) of title 5) within the Senior Executive Service at the De-partment; and 
‘‘(2) does not include any individual with a 
probationary period prescribed by section 7403 of this title. 
‘‘(c) P
ERMANENT HIRES.—Upon the expiration 
of a covered employee’s probationary period under subsection (a), the supervisor of the em-ployee shall determine whether the appointment becomes final based on regulations prescribed for such purpose by the Secretary.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— 
(A) C LERICAL .—The table of sections at the 
beginning of such chapter, as amended by sec-tion 2, is further amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘717. Probationary period for employees.’’. 
(B) C
ONFORMING .—Title 5, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(i) in section 3321(c)— (I) by striking ‘‘Service or’’ and inserting 
‘‘Service,’’; and 
(II) by inserting at the end before the period 
the following: ‘‘, or any individual covered by section 717 of title 38’’; and 
(ii) in section 3393(d), by adding at the end 
after the period the following: ‘‘The preceding sentence shall not apply to any individual cov-ered by section 717 of title 38.’’. 
(b) A
PPLICATION .—Section 717 of title 38, 
United States Code, as added by subsection (a)(1), shall apply to any covered employee (as that term is defined in subsection (b) of such section 717, as so added) appointed after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 4. TREATMENT OF WHISTLEBLOWER COM-
PLAINTS IN DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 7 of title 38, United 
States Code, is further amended by adding at the end the following new subchapter: 
‘‘SUBCHAPTER II—WHISTLEBLOWER 
COMPLAINTS 
‘‘§ 731. Whistleblower complaint defined 
‘‘In this subchapter, the term ‘whistleblower 
complaint’ means a complaint by an employee of the Department disclosing, or assisting another employee to disclose, a potential violation of any law, rule, or regulation, or gross mis-management, gross waste of funds, abuse of au-thority, or substantial and specific danger to public health and safety. 
‘‘§ 732. Treatment of whistleblower complaints 
‘‘(a) F
ILING .—(1) In addition to any other 
method established by law in which an employee may file a whistleblower complaint, an employee of the Department may file a whistleblower com-
plaint in accordance with subsection (g) with a supervisor of the employee. 
‘‘(2) Except as provided by subsection (d)(1), 
in making a whistleblower complaint under paragraph (1), an employee shall file the initial complaint with the immediate supervisor of the employee. 
‘‘(b) N
OTIFICATION .—(1) Not later than four 
business days after the date on which a super-visor receives a whistleblower complaint by an employee under this section, the supervisor shall notify, in writing, the employee of whether the supervisor determines that there is a reasonable likelihood that the complaint discloses a viola-tion of any law, rule, or regulation, or gross mismanagement, gross waste of funds, abuse of authority, or substantial and specific danger to public health and safety. The supervisor shall retain written documentation regarding the whistleblower complaint and shall submit to the next-level supervisor and the central whistle-blower office described in subsection (h) a writ-ten report on the complaint. 
‘‘(2) On a monthly basis, the supervisor shall 
submit to the appropriate director or other offi-cial who is superior to the supervisor a written report that includes the number of whistle-blower complaints received by the supervisor under this section during the month covered by the report, the disposition of such complaints, and any actions taken because of such com-plaints pursuant to subsection (c). In the case in which such a director or official carries out this paragraph, the director or official shall submit such monthly report to the supervisor of the di-rector or official and to the central whistle-blower office described in subsection (h). 
‘‘(c) P
OSITIVE DETERMINATION .—If a super-
visor makes a positive determination under sub-section (b)(1) regarding a whistleblower com-plaint of an employee, the supervisor shall in-clude in the notification to the employee under such subsection the specific actions that the su-pervisor will take to address the complaint. 
‘‘(d) F
ILING COMPLAINT WITHNEXT-LEVEL SU-
PERVISORS .—(1) If any circumstance described in 
paragraph (3) is met, an employee may file a whistleblower complaint in accordance with subsection (g) with the next-level supervisor who shall treat such complaint in accordance with this section. 
‘‘(2) An employee may file a whistleblower 
complaint with the Secretary if the employee has filed the whistleblower complaint to each level of supervisors between the employee and the Secretary in accordance with paragraph (1). 
‘‘(3) A circumstance described in this para-
graph are any of the following circumstances: 
‘‘(A) A supervisor does not make a timely de-
termination under subsection (b)(1) regarding a whistleblower complaint. 
‘‘(B) The employee who made a whistleblower 
complaint determines that the supervisor did not adequately address the complaint pursuant to subsection (c). 
‘‘(C) The immediate supervisor of the em-
ployee is the basis of the whistleblower com-plaint. 
‘‘(e) T
RANSFER OF EMPLOYEE WHOFILES 
WHISTLEBLOWER COMPLAINT .—If a supervisor 
makes a positive determination under subsection (b)(1) regarding a whistleblower complaint filed by an employee, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(1) inform the employee of the ability to vol-
unteer for a transfer in accordance with section 3352 of title 5; and 
‘‘(2) give preference to the employee for such 
a transfer in accordance with such section. 
‘‘(f) P
ROHIBITION ON EXEMPTION .—The Sec-
retary may not exempt any employee of the De-partment from being covered by this section. 
‘‘(g) W
HISTLEBLOWER COMPLAINT FORM.—(1) 
A whistleblower complaint filed by an employee under subsection (a) or (d) shall consist of the form described in paragraph (2) and any sup-porting materials or documentation the em-ployee determines necessary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.015 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5633 July 29, 2015 
‘‘(2) The form described in this paragraph is a 
form developed by the Secretary, in consultation with the Special Counsel, that includes the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(A) An explanation of the purpose of the 
whistleblower complaint form. 
‘‘(B) Instructions for filing a whistleblower 
complaint as described in this section. 
‘‘(C) An explanation that filing a whistle-
blower complaint under this section does not preclude the employee from any other method established by law in which an employee may file a whistleblower complaint. 
‘‘(D) A statement directing the employee to in-
formation accessible on the Internet website of the Department as described in section 735(c). 
‘‘(E) Fields for the employee to provide— ‘‘(i) the date that the form is submitted; ‘‘(ii) the name of the employee; ‘‘(iii) the contact information of the employee; ‘‘(iv) a summary of the whistleblower com-
plaint (including the option to append sup-porting documents pursuant to paragraph (1)); and 
‘‘(v) proposed solutions to complaint. ‘‘(F) Any other information or fields that the 
Secretary determines appropriate. 
‘‘(3) The Secretary, in consultation with the 
Special Counsel, shall develop the form de-scribed in paragraph (2) by not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this sec-tion. 
‘‘(h) C
ENTRAL WHISTLEBLOWER OFFICE .—(1) 
The Secretary shall ensure that the central whistleblower office— 
‘‘(A) is not an element of the Office of the 
General Counsel; 
‘‘(B) is not headed by an official who reports 
to the General Counsel; 
‘‘(C) does not provide, or receive from, the 
General Counsel any information regarding a whistleblower complaint except pursuant to an action regarding the complaint before an admin-istrative body or court; and 
‘‘(D) does not provide advice to the General 
Counsel. 
‘‘(2) The central whistleblower office shall be 
responsible for investigating all whistleblower complaints of the Department, regardless of whether such complaints are made by or against an employee who is not a member of the Senior Executive Service. 
‘‘(3) The Secretary shall ensure that the cen-
tral whistleblower office maintains a toll-free hotline to anonymously receive whistleblower complaints. 
‘‘(4) In this subsection, the term ‘central whis-
tleblower office’ means the Office of Account-ability Review or a successor office that is estab-lished or designated by the Secretary to inves-tigate whistleblower complaints filed under this section or any other method established by law. 
‘‘§ 733. Adverse actions against supervisory 
employees who commit prohibited personnel actions relating to whistleblower com-plaints 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—(1) In accordance with 
paragraph (2), the Secretary shall carry out the following adverse actions against supervisory employees whom the Secretary, an administra-tive judge, the Merit Systems Protection Board, the Office of Special Counsel, an adjudicating body provided under a union contract, a Fed-eral judge, or the Inspector General of the De-partment determines committed a prohibited per-sonnel action described in subsection (c): 
‘‘(A) With respect to the first offense, an ad-
verse action that is not less than a 14-day sus-pension and not more than removal. 
‘‘(B) With respect to the second offense, re-
moval. 
‘‘(2)(A) Except as provided by subparagraph 
(B), and notwithstanding subsections (b) and (c) of section 7513 and section 7543 of title 5, the provisions of subsections (d) and (e) of section 713 of this title shall apply with respect to an adverse action carried out under paragraph (1). ‘‘(B) An employee who is notified of being the 
subject of a proposed adverse action under para-graph (1) may not be given more than five days following such notification to provide evidence to dispute such proposed adverse action. If the employee does not provide any such evidence, or if the Secretary determines that such evidence is not sufficient to reverse the determination to propose the adverse action, the Secretary shall carry out the adverse action following such five- day period. 
‘‘(b) L
IMITATION ON OTHER ADVERSE AC-
TIONS .—With respect to a prohibited personnel 
action described in subsection (c), if the Sec-retary carries out an adverse action against a supervisory employee, the Secretary may carry out an additional adverse action under this sec-tion based on the same prohibited personnel ac-tion if the total severity of the adverse actions do not exceed the level specified in subsection (a). 
‘‘(c) P
ROHIBITED PERSONNEL ACTION DE-
SCRIBED .—A prohibited personnel action de-
scribed in this subsection is any of the following actions: 
‘‘(1) Taking or failing to take a personnel ac-
tion in violation of section 2302 of title 5 against an employee relating to the employee— 
‘‘(A) filing a whistleblower complaint in ac-
cordance with section 732 of this title; 
‘‘(B) filing a whistleblower complaint with the 
Inspector General of the Department, the Spe-cial Counsel, or Congress; 
‘‘(C) providing information or participating as 
a witness in an investigation of a whistleblower complaint in accordance with section 732 or with the Inspector General of the Department, the Special Counsel, or Congress; 
‘‘(D) participating in an audit or investigation 
by the Comptroller General of the United States; 
‘‘(E) refusing to perform an action that is un-
lawful or prohibited by the Department; or 
‘‘(F) engaging in communications that are re-
lated to the duties of the position or are other-wise protected. 
‘‘(2) Preventing or restricting an employee 
from making an action described in any of sub-paragraphs (A) through (F) of paragraph (1). 
‘‘(3) Conducting a peer review or opening a 
retaliatory investigation relating to an activity of an employee that is protected by section 2302 of title 5. 
‘‘(4) Requesting a contractor to carry out an 
action that is prohibited by section 4705(b) or section 4712(a)(1) of title 41, as the case may be. 
‘‘§ 734. Evaluation criteria of supervisors and 
treatment of bonuses 
‘‘(a) E
VALUATION CRITERIA .—(1) In evaluating 
the performance of supervisors of the Depart-ment, the Secretary shall include the criteria de-scribed in paragraph (2). 
‘‘(2) The criteria described in this subsection 
are the following: 
‘‘(A) Whether the supervisor treats whistle-
blower complaints in accordance with section 732. 
‘‘(B) Whether the appropriate deciding offi-
cial, performance review board, or performance review committee determines that the supervisor was found to have committed a prohibited per-sonnel action described in section 733(b) by an administrative judge, the Merit Systems Protec-tion Board, the Office of Special Counsel, an adjudicating body provided under a union con-tract, a Federal judge, or, in the case of a settle-ment of a whistleblower complaint (regardless of whether any fault was assigned under such set-tlement), the Secretary. 
‘‘(b) B
ONUSES .—(1) The Secretary may not pay 
to a supervisor described in subsection (a)(2)(B) an award or bonus under this title or title 5, in-cluding under chapter 45 or 53 of such title, dur-ing the one-year period beginning on the date on which the determination was made under such subsection. 
‘‘(2) Notwithstanding any other provision of 
law, the Secretary shall issue an order directing a supervisor described in subsection (a)(2)(B) to 
repay the amount of any award or bonus paid under this title or title 5, including under chap-ter 45 or 53 of such title, if— 
‘‘(A) such award or bonus was paid for per-
formance during a period in which the super-visor committed a prohibited personnel action as determined pursuant to such subsection (a)(2)(B); 
‘‘(B) the Secretary determines such repayment 
appropriate pursuant to regulations prescribed by the Secretary to carry out this section; and 
‘‘(C) the supervisor is afforded notice and an 
opportunity for a hearing before making such repayment. 
‘‘§ 735. Training regarding whistleblower com-
plaints 
‘‘(a) T
RAINING .—The Secretary, in coordina-
tion with the Whistleblower Protection Ombuds-man designated under section 3(d)(1)(C) of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), shall annually provide to each employee of the Department training regarding whistleblower complaints, including— 
‘‘(1) an explanation of each method estab-
lished by law in which an employee may file a whistleblower complaint; 
‘‘(2) an explanation of prohibited personnel 
actions described by section 733(c) of this title; 
‘‘(3) with respect to supervisors, how to treat 
whistleblower complaints in accordance with section 732 of this title; 
‘‘(4) the right of the employee to petition Con-
gress regarding a whistleblower complaint in ac-cordance with section 7211 of title 5; 
‘‘(5) an explanation that the employee may 
not be prosecuted or reprised against for dis-closing information to Congress in instances where such disclosure is permitted by law, in-cluding under sections 5701, 5705, and 7732 of this title, under section 552a of title 5 (commonly referred to as the Privacy Act), under chapter 93 of title 18, and pursuant to regulations promul-gated under section 264(c) of the Health Insur-ance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (Public Law 104–191); 
‘‘(6) an explanation of the language that is re-
quired to be included in all nondisclosure poli-cies, forms, and agreements pursuant to section 115(a)(1) of the Whistleblower Protection En-hancement Act of 2012 (5 U.S.C. 2302 note); and 
‘‘(7) the right of contractors to be protected 
from reprisal for the disclosure of certain infor-mation under section 4705 or 4712 of title 41. 
‘‘(b) C
ERTIFICATION .—The Secretary shall an-
nually provide training on merit system protec-tion in a manner that the Special Counsel cer-tifies as being satisfactory. 
‘‘(c) P
UBLICATION .—(1) The Secretary shall 
publish on the Internet website of the Depart-ment, and display prominently at each facility of the Department, the rights of an employee to file a whistleblower complaint, including the in-formation described in paragraphs (1) through (7) of subsection (a). 
‘‘(2) The Secretary shall publish on the Inter-
net website of the Department, the whistle-blower complaint form described in section 732(g)(2). 
‘‘§ 736. Reports to Congress 
‘‘(a) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—The Secretary shall 
annually submit to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform of the House of Representa-tives, and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report that includes— 
‘‘(1) with respect to whistleblower complaints 
filed under section 732 during the year covered by the report— 
‘‘(A) the number of such complaints filed; ‘‘(B) the disposition of such complaints; and ‘‘(C) the ways in which the Secretary ad-
dressed such complaints in which a positive de-termination was made by a supervisor under subsection (b)(1) of such section; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.015 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5634 July 29, 2015 
‘‘(2) the number of whistleblower complaints 
filed during the year covered by the report that are not included under paragraph (1), includ-ing— 
‘‘(A) the method in which such complaints 
were filed; 
‘‘(B) the disposition of such complaints; and ‘‘(C) the ways in which the Secretary ad-
dressed such complaints; and 
‘‘(3) with respect to disclosures made by a con-
tractor under section 4705 or 4712 of title 41— 
‘‘(A) the number of complaints relating to 
such disclosures that were investigated by the Inspector General of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs during the year covered by the re-port; 
‘‘(B) the disposition of such complaints; and ‘‘(C) the ways in which the Secretary ad-
dressed such complaints. 
‘‘(b) N
OTICE OF OFFICE OF SPECIAL COUNSEL  
DETERMINATIONS .—Not later than 30 days after 
the date on which the Secretary receives from the Special Counsel information relating to a whistleblower complaint pursuant to section 1213 of title 5, the Secretary shall notify the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate of such information, including the determination made by the Special Counsel.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AND CLERICAL AMEND -
MENTS .— 
(1) C ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Such chapter 
is further amended by inserting before section 701 the following: 
‘‘SUBCHAPTER I—GENERAL EMPLOYEE 
MATTERS’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of such chapter is amend-ed— 
(A) by inserting before the item relating to sec-
tion 701 the following new item: 
‘‘
SUBCHAPTER I —GENERAL EMPLOYEE MATTERS ’’; 
and 
(B) by adding at the end the following new 
items: 
‘‘SUBCHAPTER II —WHISTLEBLOWER COMPLAINTS  
‘‘731. Whistleblower complaint defined. 
‘‘732. Treatment of whistleblower complaints. ‘‘733. Adverse actions against supervisory em-
ployees who commit prohibited personnel actions relating to whistleblower complaints. 
‘‘734. Evaluation criteria of supervisors and 
treatment of bonuses. 
‘‘735. Training regarding whistleblower com-
plaints. 
‘‘736. Reports to Congress.’’. 
SEC. 5. REFORM OF PERFORMANCE APPRAISAL 
SYSTEM FOR SENIOR EXECUTIVE SERVICE EMPLOYEES OF THE DE-PARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) P ERFORMANCE APPRAISAL SYSTEM .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 7 of title 38, United 
States Code, is further amended by inserting after section 717, as added by section 3, the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘§ 719. Senior executives: performance ap-
praisal 
‘‘(a) P
ERFORMANCE APPRAISAL SYSTEM .—(1) 
The performance appraisal system for individ-uals employed in senior executive positions in the Department required by section 4312 of title 5 shall provide, in addition to the requirements of such section, for five annual summary ratings of levels of performance as follows: 
‘‘(A) One outstanding level. ‘‘(B) One exceeds fully successful level. ‘‘(C) One fully successful level. ‘‘(D) One minimally satisfactory level. ‘‘(E) One unsatisfactory level. ‘‘(2) The following limitations apply to the 
rating of the performance of such individuals: 
‘‘(A) For any year, not more than 10 percent 
of such individuals who receive a performance rating during that year may receive the out-
standing level under paragraph (1)(A). 
‘‘(B) For any year, not more than 20 percent 
of such individuals who receive a performance rating during that year may receive the exceeds fully successful level under paragraph (1)(B). 
‘‘(3) In evaluating the performance of an indi-
vidual under the performance appraisal system, the Secretary shall take into consideration— 
‘‘(A) any complaint or report (including any 
pending or published report) submitted by the Inspector General of the Department, the Comp-troller General of the United States, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, or any other appropriate person or entity, related to any facility or program managed by the indi-vidual, as determined by the Secretary; 
‘‘(B) efforts made by the individual to main-
tain high levels of satisfaction and commitment among the employees supervised by the indi-vidual; and 
‘‘(C) the criteria described in section 734(a)(2) 
of this title. 
‘‘(b) C
HANGE OF POSITION .—(1) At least once 
every five years, the Secretary shall reassign each individual employed in a senior executive position to a position at a different location that does not include the supervision of the same personnel or programs. The Secretary shall make such reassignments on a rolling basis based on the date on which an individual was originally assigned to a position. 
‘‘(2) The Secretary may waive the requirement 
under paragraph (1) for any such individual, if the Secretary submits to the Committees on Vet-erans’ Affairs of the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives notice of the waiver and an expla-nation of the reasons for the waiver. 
‘‘(c) R
EPORT .—Not later than March 1 of each 
year, the Secretary shall submit to the Commit-tees on Veterans’ Affairs and Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs and Over-sight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives a report on the performance ap-praisal system of the Department under sub-section (a). Each such report shall include, for the year preceding the year during which the report is submitted, each of the following: 
‘‘(1) All documentation concerning each of the 
following for each individual employed in a sen-ior executive position in the Department: 
‘‘(A) The initial performance appraisal. ‘‘(B) The higher level review, if requested. ‘‘(C) The recommendations of the performance 
review board. 
‘‘(D) The final summary review. ‘‘(E) The number of initial performance rat-
ings raised as a result of the recommendations of the performance review board. 
‘‘(F) The number of initial performance rat-
ings lowered as a result of the recommendations of the performance review board. 
‘‘(G) Any adverse action taken against any 
such individual who receives a performance rat-ing of less than fully successful. 
‘‘(2) The review of the Inspector General of 
the Department of the information described in subparagraphs (A) through (D) of paragraph (1). 
‘‘(3) A summary of the documentation pro-
vided under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(d) D
EFINITION OF SENIOR EXECUTIVE POSI-
TION.—In this section, the term ‘senior executive 
position’ has the meaning given that term in section 713(g)(3) of this title.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of such chapter, as amended by section 3, is further amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 717 the following new item: 
‘‘719. Senior executives: performance ap-
praisal.’’. 
(3) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 4312(b) 
of title 5, United States Code, is amended— 
(A) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; (B) in paragraph (3), by striking the period at 
the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) that, in the case of the Department of 
Veterans Affairs, the performance appraisal sys-tem meets the requirements of section 719 of title 38.’’. 
(b) R
EVIEW OF SES M ANAGEMENT TRAINING .— 
(1) R EVIEW .—Not later than 180 days after the 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall enter into a contract with a nongovernmental entity to review the management training program for individuals employed in senior executive positions (as such term is defined in section 713(g)(3) of title 38, United States Code) of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs that is being provided as of the date of the enactment of this Act. Such review shall include a comparison of the training pro-vided by the Department of Veterans Affairs to the management training provided for senior ex-ecutives of other Federal departments and agen-cies and to the management training provided to senior executives in the private sector. The con-tract shall provide that the nongovernmental entity must complete and submit to the Sec-retary a report containing the findings and con-clusions of the review by not later than 180 days after the date on which the Secretary and the nongovernmental entity enter into the contract. 
(2) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 60 
days after the date on which the Secretary re-ceives the report under paragraph (1), the Sec-retary shall submit to the Committees on Vet-erans’ Affairs of the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives the report together with a plan for carrying out the recommendations contained in the report. 
SEC. 6. REDUCTION OF BENEFITS FOR MEMBERS 
OF THE SENIOR EXECUTIVE SERVICE WITHIN THE DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS CONVICTED OF CER-TAIN CRIMES. 
(a) R EDUCTION OF BENEFITS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 7 of title 38, United 
States Code, is further amended by inserting after section 719, as added by section 5, the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘§ 721. Senior executives: reduction of benefits 
of individuals convicted of certain crimes 
‘‘(a) R
EDUCTION OF ANNUITY FOR REMOVED  
EMPLOYEE .—The Secretary shall order that the 
covered service of an individual removed from a senior executive position under section 713 of this title shall not be taken into account for purposes of calculating an annuity with respect to such individual under chapter 83 or chapter 84 of title 5, if— 
‘‘(1) the individual is convicted of a felony 
that influenced the individual’s performance while employed in the senior executive position; and 
‘‘(2) before such order is made, the individual 
is afforded notice and an opportunity for a hearing conducted by another department or agency of the Federal Government. 
‘‘(b) R
EDUCTION OF ANNUITY FOR RETIRED EM-
PLOYEE .—(1) The Secretary may order that the 
covered service of an individual who is subject to a removal or transfer action under section 713 of this title but who leaves employment at the Department prior to the issuance of a final deci-sion with respect to such action shall not be taken into account for purposes of calculating an annuity with respect to such individual under chapter 83 or chapter 84 of title 5, if— 
‘‘(A) the individual is convicted of a felony 
that influenced the individual’s performance while employed in the senior executive position; and 
‘‘(B) before such order is made, the individual 
is afforded notice and an opportunity for a hearing conducted by another department or agency of the Federal Government. 
‘‘(2) The Secretary shall make such an order 
not later than seven days after the date of the conclusion of a hearing referred to in paragraph (1)(B) that determines that such order is lawful. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.015 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5635 July 29, 2015 
‘‘(c) A DMINISTRATIVE REQUIREMENTS .—(1) Not 
later than 30 days after the Secretary issues an order under subsection (a) or (b), the Director of the Office of Personnel Management shall recal-culate the annuity of the individual. 
‘‘(2) A decision regarding whether the covered 
service of an individual shall be taken into ac-count for purposes of calculating an annuity under subsection (a) or (b) is final and may not be reviewed by any department or agency or any court. 
‘‘(d) L
UMP-SUMANNUITY CREDIT .—Any indi-
vidual with respect to whom an annuity is re-duced under subsection (a) or (b) shall be enti-tled to be paid so much of such individual’s lump-sum credit as is attributable to the period of covered service. 
‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) The term ‘covered service’ means, with re-
spect to an individual subject to a removal or transfer action under section 713 of this title, the period of service beginning on the date that the Secretary determines under such section that such individual engaged in activity that gave rise to such action and ending on the date that such individual is removed from the civil service or leaves employment at the Department prior to the issuance of a final decision with re-spect to such action, as the case may be. 
‘‘(2) The term ‘lump-sum credit’ has the mean-
ing given such term in section 8331(8) or section 8401(19) of title 5, as the case may be. 
‘‘(3) The term ‘senior executive position’ has 
the meaning given such term in section 713(g)(3) of this title. 
‘‘(4) The term ‘service’ has the meaning given 
such term in section 8331(12) or section 8401(26) of title 5, as the case may be.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of chapter 7 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 719, as added by section 5, the fol-lowing new item: 
‘‘721. Senior executives: reduction of benefits of 
individuals convicted of certain crimes.’’. 
(b) A
PPLICATION .—Section 721 of title 38, 
United States Code, as added by subsection (a)(1), shall apply to any action of removal or transfer under section 713 of title 38, United States Code, commencing on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 7. LIMITATION ON ADMINISTRATIVE LEAVE 
FOR EMPLOYEES DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) L IMITATION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 7 of title 38, United 
States Code, is further amended by inserting after section 721, as added by section 6, the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘§ 723. Limitation on administrative leave 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-
section (b), the Secretary may not place any covered individual on administrative leave, or any other type of paid non-duty status without charge to leave, for more than a total of 14 days during any 365-day period. 
‘‘(b) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive the 
limitation under subsection (a) and extend the administrative leave or other paid non-duty sta-tus without charge to leave of a covered indi-vidual placed on such leave or status under sub-section (a) if the Secretary submits to the Com-mittees on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and House of Representatives a detailed explanation of the reasons the individual was placed on ad-ministrative leave or other paid non-duty status without charge to leave and the reasons for the extension of such leave or status. Such expla-nation shall include the name of the covered in-dividual, the location where the individual is employed, and the individual’s job title. 
‘‘(c) C
OVERED INDIVIDUAL .—In this sub-
section, the term ‘covered individual’ means an employee of the Department— 
‘‘(1) who is subject to an investigation for pur-
poses of determining whether such individual should be subject to any disciplinary action 
under this title or title 5; or 
‘‘(2) against whom any disciplinary action is 
proposed or initiated under this title or title 5.’’. 
(2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of such chapter, as amended by section 6, is further amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 721 the following new item: 
‘‘723. Limitation on administrative leave.’’. 
(b) A
PPLICATION .—Section 723 of title 38, 
United States Code, as added by subsection (a)(1), shall apply with respect to any 365-day period beginning on or after the date of enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 8. TREATMENT OF CONGRESSIONAL TESTI-
MONY BY DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS EMPLOYEES AS OF-FICIAL DUTY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 7 of title 38, United 
States Code, is further amended by inserting after section 723, as added by section 7, the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘§ 725. Congressional testimony by employees: 
treatment as official duty 
‘‘(a) C
ONGRESSIONAL TESTIMONY .—An em-
ployee of the Department is performing official duty during the period with respect to which the employee is testifying in an official capacity in front of either House of Congress, a committee of either House of Congress, or a joint or select committee of Congress. 
‘‘(b) T
RAVEL EXPENSES .—The Secretary shall 
provide travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, in accordance with applica-ble provisions under subchapter I of chapter 57 of title 5, to any employee of the Department of Veterans Affairs performing official duty de-scribed under subsection (a).’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-
tions at the beginning of such chapter is further amended by inserting after the item relating to section 723, as added by section 7, the following new item: 
‘‘725. Congressional testimony by employees: 
treatment as official duty.’’. 
SEC. 9. LIMITATION ON AWARDS AND BONUSES 
PAID TO EMPLOYEES OF DEPART-MENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
Section 705 of the Veterans Access, Choice, 
and Accountability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113– 146; 38 U.S.C. 703 note) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 705. LIMITATION ON AWARDS AND BO-
NUSES PAID TO EMPLOYEES OF DE-PARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
‘‘The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall en-
sure that the aggregate amount of awards and bonuses paid by the Secretary in a fiscal year under chapter 45 or 53 of title 5, United States Code, or any other awards or bonuses author-ized under such title or title 38, United States Code, does not exceed the following amounts: 
‘‘(1) With respect to each of fiscal years 2015 
through 2018, $300,000,000. 
‘‘(2) With respect to each of fiscal years 2019 
through 2024, $360,000,000.’’. 
SEC. 10. COMPTROLLER GENERAL STUDY OF DE-
PARTMENT TIME AND SPACE USED FOR LABOR ORGANIZATION ACTIV-ITY. 
(a) S TUDY REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study on the amount of time spent by Department of Veterans Affairs employees car-rying out organizing activities relating to labor organizations and the amount of space in De-partment facilities used for such activities. The study shall include a cost-benefit analysis of the use of such time and space for such activities. 
(b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 90 
days after the completion of the study required under subsection (a), the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committees on Veterans’ Af-fairs of the Senate and House of Representatives a report on the results of the study. The Acting CHAIR. No amendment 
to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in House Report 114–234. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report, equally divided and con-trolled by the proponent and an oppo-nent, shall not be subject to amend-ment, and shall not be subject to a de-
mand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . BENISHEK  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 1 printed in House Report 114–234. 
Mr. BENISHEK. Mr. Chairman, I 
have an amendment at the desk made in order under the rule. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Add at the end the following new section: 
SEC. 11. ACCOUNTABILITY OF SECRETARY OF 
VETERANS AFFAIRS TO INSPECTOR GENERAL OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 7 of title 38, 
United States Code, as amended by section 8, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘§ 727. Accountability of Secretary to Inspec-
tor General 
‘‘(a) S
UBMISSION OF REPORTS .—(1) At the 
same time as the Inspector General of the Department submits to the Secretary a cov-ered report, the Inspector General shall sub-mit to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and House of Representatives a copy of such covered report. 
‘‘(2) The Inspector General shall include in 
each covered report submitted under para-graph (1)— 
‘‘(A) an explanation of any changes to the 
covered report recommended by the Sec-retary during the period in which the Inspec-tor General was preparing the covered re-port; and 
‘‘(B) a list of the names of each responsible 
manager. 
‘‘(3) The Inspector General may not make 
public the names of responsible managers submitted under paragraph (2)(B). 
‘‘(b) P
ERFORMANCE OF RESPONSIBLE MAN-
AGERS .—(1) The Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) promptly notify each responsible 
manager of a covered issue by not later than seven days after the date on which the In-spector General submits a covered report to the Secretary; 
‘‘(B) direct such manager to resolve such 
issue; and 
‘‘(C) provide such manager with appro-
priate counseling and a mitigation plan with respect to resolving such issue. 
‘‘(2) The Secretary shall ensure that any 
performance review of a responsible manager includes an evaluation of whether the man-ager took appropriate actions during the pe-riod covered by the review to respond to a covered issue. 
‘‘(3) The Secretary may not pay to a re-
sponsible manager any bonus or award under chapter 45 or 53 of title 5 or any other bonus or award authorized under such title or this title if a covered issue is unresolved. 
‘‘(c) R
OLE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL .—Any au-
thority of the Inspector General provided under this section is in addition to any re-sponsibility or authority provided to the In-spector General in the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.015 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5636 July 29, 2015 
‘‘(d) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) The term ‘covered issue’ means, with 
respect to a responsible manager, an issue described in a covered report for which the manager is or was responsible. 
‘‘(2) The term ‘covered report’ means a re-
port by the Inspector General of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs that recommends actions to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs (or other official or employee of the Depart-ment) to address an issue in the Department with respect to public health or safety relat-ing to misconduct, or alleged misconduct, by an employee of the Department. 
‘‘(3) The term ‘responsible manager’ means 
an individual who— 
‘‘(A) is an employee of the Department; ‘‘(B) is or was responsible for an issue in-
cluded in a covered report; and 
‘‘(C) in being so responsible, is or was em-
ployed in a management position, regardless of whether the employee is in the competi-tive civil service, Senior Executive Service, or other type of civil service.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of such chapter, as amended by section 8, is amended by insert-ing after the item relating to section 725 the following new item: 
‘‘727. Accountability of Secretary to Inspec-
tor General.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 388, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. B
ENISHEK ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Michigan. 
Mr. BENISHEK. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
We have a real opportunity here to 
inject accountability into the VA’s cul-ture of mismanagement. The Benishek- Sinema amendment would help ensure that, when a VA inspector general identifies a problem and offers rec-ommendations to fix it, the changes are made, and the job gets done. 
Today, the IG regularly issues re-
ports on problems at the Department, and most of the time, the VA agrees with many of the recommendations and promises to change. The problem is no manager is actually named as being responsible for making those changes. When no one is in charge, nothing gets done, and there is no one to hold re-sponsible. This amendment makes key changes that will give the IG’s reports teeth, that will bring to the VA the so-lutions our veterans deserve. 
It increases transparency, and it al-
lows the public to see the IG’s report related to alleged employee mis-conduct. It requires the release of any modifications that the VA has asked the IG to make. 
It also requires the IG to identify 
specific managers who are responsible for fixing the problems identified in the reports. Their names will not be re-leased, but this will allow Congress and the VA to know who is responsible for fixing the problem. Those individuals will not be able to receive a bonus or any performance award until the IG certifies that the problem is resolved. 
Finally, it reduces the burden on a 
supervisor when it is necessary to fire a bad employee. A supervisor cannot effectively manage if his hands are 
tied. 
This amendment has a history of bi-
partisan support, passing as a stand- alone bill by voice vote in the last Con-gress. It has also garnered the support of veterans’ service organizations, in-cluding the American Legion, the VFW, the Iraq and Afghanistan Vet-erans of America, and the Paralyzed Veterans of America. 
I thank my colleague and friend, 
Congresswoman S
INEMA , for her leader-
ship and for joining me on the issue. I am grateful for Chairman M
ILLER ’s 
support and for that of the entire Vet-erans’ Affairs Committee. Chairman M
ILLER has been an incredible voice 
and advocate for our veterans. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
opposition to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from California is recognized for 5 min-utes. 
Mr. TAKANO. I thank the gentleman 
from Michigan, my good friend, for of-fering his amendment. Reluctantly, I rise in opposition to the amendment of-fered by the gentleman and Represent-ative S
INEMA . 
Mr. Chairman, this amendment 
would require the IG to identify prob-lem employees at the VA, and it would prohibit the VA from giving perform-ance pay to these identified employees. 
I believe this amendment could com-
promise the integrity of the VA inspec-tor general and the ability of the VA IG to investigate whistleblower com-plaints and bring to light problems at the VA. 
The amendment would force the IG 
to concentrate its efforts on identi-fying bad managers by name rather than focusing on recommending solu-tions to problems and conducting thor-ough and complete investigations. 
Requiring the IG to forward anything 
submitted to the VA would interject Congress into the very manner in which the IG drafts and finalizes re-ports. This change would call into question the integrity of the investiga-tions that Congress relies on to shape policy and to find solutions. 
Finally, I believe that this amend-
ment is vaguely drafted and that it raises more questions than it seeks to answer. Therefore, I urge my col-leagues to oppose the amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BENISHEK. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
ILLER ), the chairman of 
the committee. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, once again, Members who saw this go through regular order last year through the committee and then pass the full House are now in opposition. 
I rise in support of Dr. B
ENISHEK ’s 
amendment. He has been the chairman of the Subcommittee on Health since the 113th Congress. It is a position that I offered him based on his dedication to our Nation’s veterans. Dr. B
ENISHEK ’s 
amendment to the VA Accountability Act of 2015 contains the text of his bill, 
the Demanding Accountability for Vet-erans Act. 
The Demanding Accountability for 
Veterans Act is a bipartisan piece of legislation that is supported by many veterans’ service organizations. His amendment would require the inspec-tor general to be transparent with Con-gress about the reports that are writ-ten about VA facilities and programs and the changes that are being made to those reports at the VA’s behest. 
The amendment would also require 
the VA to provide the name of the VA employee who is responsible for imple-menting recommendations issued by the IG, to direct that employee to take action, and to prohibit the VA from paying a bonus or a performance award to that employee if appropriate action is not taken. In the most recent semi-annual report to Congress, the VA in-spector general reported that 1,150 rec-ommendations were left open by the Department of Veterans Affairs. That is not acceptable. 
Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
1
1⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from 
Arizona (Ms. S INEMA ). 
Ms. SINEMA. I thank Mr. T AKANO , 
Chairman M ILLER , and Chairman 
BENISHEK for their efforts to improve 
the quality of care and services deliv-ered to our veterans. 
Mr. Chairman, the Benishek-Sinema 
amendment is a commonsense amend-ment that will bring accountability to the Department of Veterans Affairs. The amendment, based on a bill that Dr. B
ENISHEK and I introduced, the De-
manding Accountability for Veterans Act, requires the VA to address prob-lems identified by the VA Office of In-spector General, and it ensures that in-dividual managers are held account-able if issues remain unresolved. 
Our amendment requires that, in 
each covered VA inspector general re-port, the Secretary of the VA assign specific managers who will be respon-sible for fixing specific problems iden-tified within the IG’s report. The Sec-retary must give the responsible man-agers appropriate counseling and plans of action to resolve each covered issue. Bonuses cannot be paid if a covered issue remains unresolved, and how a manager responds to the challenge will be included in that individual’s per-formance evaluation. 
It is unacceptable that issues raised 
by the VA inspector general over and over, from wait times to medical staff-ing, remain unresolved by the VA. This amendment will hold the VA Secretary and senior management accountable for ensuring these warnings are not ig-nored again. 
We have a long way to go to change 
the system and culture of the VA, and I will continue working with my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle to en-sure that veterans come first. 
Again, I thank Chairman M
ILLER , 
Chairman B ENISHEK , and Mr. T AKANO  
for their leadership and for their work on veterans’ issues. I especially thank 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.014 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5637 July 29, 2015 
Chairman B ENISHEK for his thoughtful, 
bipartisan approach to this amend-ment. 
Mr. BENISHEK. Mr. Chairman, how 
much time is remaining on both sides? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Michigan has 2 minutes remain-ing, and the gentleman from California has 2
1⁄4minutes remaining. 
Mr. BENISHEK. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
OSTELLO ). 
Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Chairman, this measure has significant applicability to the ‘‘right here, right now’’ problems associated with the VA. Specifically, I am going to cite the oversight efforts involving the Phila-delphia VA Regional Office. 
It has been nearly a year since the 
Philadelphia VA problems were first reported. We have an IG report; we have an AIB report; and we have egre-gious allegations that have been prov-en true. Yet, as a Member of Congress who represents tens of thousands of veterans who rely on the Philadelphia VA for benefits and services, I still don’t have answers. I still don’t know who is responsible or know of all of the specific misconduct and behaviors or know of the repercussions for the em-
ployees who are responsible. 
Our tools for providing oversight 
over the VA need updating to reflect that there must be transparency when investigating and disciplining bad em-ployees. This amendment and this bill move us in the right direction towards accountability and transparency. 
Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chairman, I have 
no further requests for time, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. BENISHEK. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. B
OUSTANY ). 
Mr. BOUSTANY. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise today in full support of this amendment. 
For far too long, the VA has con-
doned an apathetic culture that en-courages its employees to ignore their duties and to cover up serious prob-lems. 
Last year, the staff of VISN 16, which 
includes my home State of Louisiana, admitted to inappropriately denying hundreds of veterans’ medical care claims. When my office asked how many veterans’ claims were being inap-propriately denied, we were met with excuses and obfuscation. That is com-pletely unacceptable. 
One important provision of this 
amendment would prevent bonuses and performance awards for VA employees who fail to fix these problems. This provision is similar to an amendment I offered to the VA appropriations meas-ure this past April. No small business in Louisiana would survive by allowing employees with such poor success rates to earn bonuses. I believe this is one of the most effective ways we can force accountability on this overly bureau-cratic agency. 
I thank Chairman M
ILLER and Chair-
man B ENISHEK for their efforts in this 
cause. I urge my colleagues to adopt this 
amendment and hold the VA account-able for their inadequate and unaccept-able performance. 
Mr. BENISHEK. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield back the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. B
ENISHEK ). 
The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . TAKANO  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order 
to consider amendment No. 2 printed in House Report 114–234. 
Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chairman, I have 
an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
designate the amendment. 
The text of the amendment is as fol-
lows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-
sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Fair VA Ac-
countability Act’’. 
SEC. 2. SUSPENSION AND REMOVAL OF DEPART-
MENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS EM-PLOYEES FOR PERFORMANCE OR MISCONDUCT THAT IS A THREAT TO PUBLIC HEALTH OR SAFETY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 7 of title 38, 
United States Code, is amended by adding after section 713 the following new section: 
‘‘§ 715. Employees: suspension and removal 
for performance or misconduct that is a threat to public health or safety 
‘‘(a) S
USPENSION AND REMOVAL .—Subject to 
subsections (b) and (c), the Secretary may— 
‘‘(1) suspend without pay an employee of 
the Department of Veterans Affairs if the Secretary determines the performance or misconduct of the employee is a clear and di-rect threat to public health or safety; and 
‘‘(2) remove an employee suspended under 
paragraph (1) when, after such investigation and review as the Secretary considers nec-essary, the Secretary determines that re-moval is necessary in the interests of public health or safety. 
‘‘(b) P
ROCEDURE .—An employee suspended 
under subsection (a)(1) is entitled, after sus-pension and before removal, to— 
‘‘(1) within 30 days after suspension, a writ-
ten statement of the specific charges against the employee, which may be amended within 30 days thereafter; 
‘‘(2) an opportunity within 30 days there-
after, plus an additional 30 days if the charges are amended, to answer the charges and submit affidavits; 
‘‘(3) a hearing, at the request of the em-
ployee, by a Department authority duly con-stituted for this purpose; 
‘‘(4) a review of the case by the Secretary, 
before a decision adverse to the employee is made final; and 
‘‘(5) written statement of the decision of 
the Secretary. 
‘‘(c) R
ELATION TO OTHER DISCIPLINARY  
RULES .—The authority provided under this 
section shall be in addition to the authority provided under section 713 and title 5 with respect to disciplinary actions for perform-ance or misconduct. 
‘‘(d) B
ACK PAY FOR WHISTLEBLOWERS .—If 
any employee of the Department of Veterans Affairs is subject to a suspension or removal under this section and such suspension or re-moval is determined by an appropriate au-thority under applicable law, rule, regula-tion, or collective bargaining agreement to be a prohibited personnel practice described under section 2302(b)(8) or (9) of title 5, such employee shall receive back pay equal to the 
total amount of basic pay that such em-ployee would have received during the period that the suspension and removal (as the case may be) was in effect, less any amounts earned by the employee through other em-ployment during that period. 
‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the term 
‘employee’ means any individual occupying a position within the Department of Veterans Affairs under a permanent or indefinite ap-pointment and who is not serving a proba-tionary or trial period.’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— 
(1) C LERICAL .—The table of sections at the 
beginning of such chapter is amended by add-ing after the item relating to section 713 the following new item: 
‘‘715. Employees: suspension and removal for 
performance or misconduct that is a threat to public health or safety.’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING .—Section 4303(f) of title 5, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of para-
graph (2); 
(B) by striking the period at the end of 
paragraph (3) and inserting ‘‘, or’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) any suspension or removal under sec-
tion 715 of title 38.’’. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE OF BACK PAYPROVI-
SION.—Subsection (d) of section 715 of title 
38, United States Code, as added by sub-section (a), shall take effect on October 1, 2015. 
(d) R
EPORT ON SUSPENSIONS AND REMOV -
ALS.—Not later than one year after the date 
of the enactment of this Act, the Inspector General of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs shall submit to the Committees on Vet-erans’ Affairs of the House of Representa-tives and the Senate a report on suspensions and removals of employees of the Depart-ment made under section 715 of title 38, 
United States Code, as added by subsection (a). Such report shall include, with respect to the period covered by the report, the fol-lowing: 
(1) The number of employees who were sus-
pended under such section. 
(2) The number of employees who were re-
moved under such section. 
(3) A description of the threats to public 
health or safety that caused such suspen-sions and removals. 
(4) The number of such suspensions or re-
movals, or proposed suspensions or removals, that were of employees who filed a com-plaint regarding— 
(A) an alleged prohibited personnel prac-
tice committed by an officer or employee of the Department and described in section 2302(b)(8) or 2302(b)(9)(A)(i), (B), (C), or (D) of title 5, United States Code; or 
(B) the safety of a patient at a medical fa-
cility of the Department. 
(5) Of the number of suspensions and re-
movals listed under paragraph (4), the num-ber that the Inspector General considers to be retaliation for whistleblowing. 
(6) The number of such suspensions or re-
movals that were of an employee who was the subject of a complaint made to the De-partment regarding the health or safety of a patient at a medical facility of the Depart-ment. 
(7) Any recommendations by the Inspector 
General, based on the information described in paragraphs (1) through (6), to improve the authority to make such suspensions and re-movals. 
SEC. 3. LIMITATION ON ADMINISTRATIVE LEAVE 
FOR EMPLOYEES WITHIN THE DE-PARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 7 of title 38, 
United States Code, is further amended by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JY7.058 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5638 July 29, 2015 
adding after section 715, as added by section 
2, the following new section: 
‘‘§ 717. Administrative leave limitation and re-
port 
‘‘(a) L IMITATION APPLICABLE TO EMPLOYEES  
WITHIN THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-
FAIRS .—(1) The Secretary may not place any 
covered individual on administrative leave, or any other type of paid non-duty status without charge to leave, for more than a total of 14 days during any 365-day period. 
‘‘(2) The Secretary may waive the limita-
tion under paragraph (1) and extend the ad-ministrative leave or other paid non-duty status without charge to leave of a covered individual placed on such leave or status under paragraph (1) if the Secretary submits to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and House of Representatives a detailed explanation of the reasons the indi-vidual was placed on administrative leave or other paid non-duty status without charge to leave and the reasons for the extension of such leave or status. Such explanation shall include the name of the covered individual, the location where the individual is em-ployed, and the individual’s job title. 
‘‘(3) In this subsection, the term ‘covered 
individual’ means an employee of the De-partment— 
‘‘(A) who is subject to an investigation for 
purposes of determining whether such indi-vidual should be subject to any disciplinary action under this title or title 5; or 
‘‘(B) against whom any disciplinary action 
is proposed or initiated under this title or title 5. 
‘‘(b) R
EPORT ON ADMINISTRATIVE LEAVE .— 
(1) Not later than 30 days after the end of each quarter of any calendar year, the Sec-retary shall submit to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representa-tives and the Senate a report listing the name of any employee of the Department (if any) who has been placed on administrative leave, or any other type of paid non-duty status, for a period longer than 7 days during such quarter. 
‘‘(2) Any report submitted under sub-
section (a) shall include, with respect to any employee listed in such report, the position occupied by the employee, the number of days of such leave, and the reason that such employee was placed on such leave.’’. 
(b) A
PPLICATION .— 
(1) A DMINISTRATIVE LEAVE LIMITATION .— 
Section 717(a) of title 38, United States Code (as added by subsection (a)), shall apply to any action of removal or transfer under sec-tion 713 of such title or title 5, United States Code, commencing on or after the date of en-actment of this section. 
(2) R
EPORT .—The report under section 
717(b) of such title (as added by subsection (a)) shall begin to apply in the quarter that ends after the date that is 6 months after the date of enactment of this section. 
(c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections at the beginning of such chapter 7 is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘717. Administrative leave limitation and re-
port.’’. 
Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘A bill to 
amend title 38, United States Code, to im-prove the authority of the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to suspend and remove employ-ees of the Department of Veterans Affairs for performance or misconduct that is a threat to public health or safety.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 388, the gentleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 10 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from California. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chairman, in Con-
gress, we can all agree that greater ac-countability is sorely needed within the Department of Veterans Affairs. We are all outraged that VA employees whose misconduct has harmed veterans have remained in their jobs. Last sum-mer, we were all horrified that the VA medical centers in Phoenix and else-where manipulated patient wait times. This spring, in Denver, we were frus-trated by the huge cost overruns with no real accountability. 
I agree with my Republican col-
leagues that the VA must do a better job of using its existing authorities to hold bad employees, such as these, ac-countable. Unfortunately, this lack of accountability has overshadowed the excellent work of the vast majority of VA employees—over a third of them veterans themselves, whose genuine caring and tireless efforts honor vet-erans’ service to our Nation. I believe it is wrong to assume VA employees are guilty until proven innocent, and I believe that H.R. 1994 is the wrong way to achieve greater accountability at the VA. 
This afternoon, I am offering an 
amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute to H.R. 1994. The text of my amendment is based on my bill, H.R. 2999, the Fair VA Accountability Act. I urge all of my colleagues to support it today. 
b1600 
My substitute would provide real ac-
countability at the VA in a manner that preserves the important due proc-ess rights of VA employees and pro-tects our veterans, and my substitute would improve the status quo by giving VA an additional accountability mech-anism. 
It would allow VA to immediately 
fire, without pay, any VA employee whose misconduct presents a clear and present danger to public health and safety while providing adequate due process on the back end for such em-ployees. 
This standard comes from Supreme 
Court precedent regarding constitu-tional due process for Federal employ-ees and mirrors a similar Department of Defense provision. 
My substitute would mean that, if a 
VA employee’s behavior threatened veterans’ health or safety, VA could immediately fire that employee. Cur-rent law only allows VA to ask such an employee to leave work while still re-ceiving pay. 
My substitute would also cap paid ad-
ministrative leave at 14 days so VA em-ployees would not sit at home and col-lect a paycheck while fighting a dis-ciplinary action. 
My substitute would shield our bold 
VA whistleblowers by protecting exist-ing laws and requiring the VA to back-pay any whistleblower unjustly fired for reporting wrongdoing. 
In sum, my substitute would provide 
the VA with the tools it needs to re-move dangerous employees imme-diately and protect the health and safe-
ty of veterans and others, and my bill does so in a way which preserves im-portant concepts of due process for VA employees. 
These employees live in our commu-
nities and States. They are our friends and neighbors and sometimes our fam-ily members. Ensuring basic American notions of fairness is what my amend-ment in the nature of a substitute pro-vides and, frankly, what H.R. 1994 does not. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I claim the time in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Florida is recognized for 10 min-utes. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chair, I 
thank the gentleman for his amend-ment in the nature of a substitute, but at this time I have to oppose it. 
I appreciate that Mr. T
AKANO does 
believe that we need to provide real ac-countability at the Department of Vet-erans Affairs. But as I said at our com-mittee markup when he offered an al-most identical amendment, this sub-stitute fails to achieve true account-ability. 
I am supportive of section 3 of his 
amendment, which would limit admin-istrative leave for all employees to 14 days, and I agree with this common-sense policy. But I would note that this limitation language is already included in my bill, H.R. 1994. 
My main concern with the substitute 
lies within section 2, which would dra-matically change the standard and the process set up in my bill of removing VA employees. 
The substitute would only give the 
Secretary the authority to remove an employee if they represent a ‘‘clear and direct threat to public health or safe-ty,’’ which is almost an unobtainable, if not immeasurable, bar to reach. 
This undefined standard would make 
it almost impossible for the Secretary to remove any employee under this new authority, thereby ensuring that the current stalemate that exists with the civil service rules would continue. 
Unfortunately, as I said moments 
ago, maintaining the status quo is not acceptable. I would submit that the standard of a clear and direct threat to public health and safety would not apply to those employees involved with many of today’s ongoing scandals at the VA, including the cost overruns of the Denver hospital; the budget short-fall that we are going to vote to fix later today, a $3 billion budget fix; the manipulation of data at the Philadel-phia regional office; the allegations of inappropriate use of government pur-chase cards to the tune of $6 billion; the allegations of employees at the Los Angeles regional office once again in-appropriately shredding veterans’ claim information; and the many other egregious actions that continue to come to light at VA almost every sin-gle day. 
Members, these are the very type of 
employees that our constituents and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.016 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5639 July 29, 2015 
our veterans expect to be held account-
able, but the standard proposed in this substitute would not give the Sec-retary the authority to provide the ac-countability we all know that VA des-perately needs. 
I also have some concerns with the 
procedures that are laid out in the sub-stitute to actually remove these em-ployees. 
I believe that, unlike the procedures 
that I have laid out in my bill, which set definitive timelines to remove someone while maintaining the due process and maintaining appeal rights, the procedures laid out in this sub-stitute could allow an employee to be on indefinite suspension for months, if not years, awaiting a hearing for the Secretary’s final decision. 
It has been mentioned several times 
by my colleagues on the other side that passage of H.R. 1994 would return to a spoils or an at-will employment sys-tem. Nothing could be further from the truth. 
Let me compare a spoils or an at-will 
system to the protections offered in 1994. 
First, a spoils system would allow 
the party in power to hire anyone, usu-ally partisan supporters, that they want to reward for their political sup-port with a Federal job. In contrast, H.R. 1994 has no effect on the current hiring process. 
Second, a spoils or a patronage sys-
tem makes all employees at will and subject to firing for any or even no rea-son. Again, that is hardly the case in my bill. H.R. 1994 requires proof in the form of poor performance or mis-conduct. 
Additionally, my bill requires the 
Secretary to report the reasons for any such removals to Congress within 30 days. 
Third, in a spoils system, a fired em-
ployee has no right of appeal. In con-trast, under H.R. 1994, fired employees still have due process rights, including 45 days to appeal their firing to the Merit Systems Protection Board. 
Fourth, in a spoils system, there is 
no such thing as paid administrative leave. You are fired, gone with no pay. 
Under civil service rules, a poor-per-
forming employee can be placed on ad-ministrative leave for essentially an unlimited time, as we have seen with several miscreants identified during our investigations. 
H.R. 1994, on the other hand, would 
limit the Secretary’s authority to put someone on paid administrative leave to 14 days, at which time the Secretary must bring that person back to Active Duty. 
Fifth, in a spoils system, there are no 
protections for whistleblowers. In an at-will system, employees may or may not be covered by whistleblower pro-tection, employee discrimination, et cetera, type laws, depending on the type of employer. 
However, under H.R. 1994, employees 
are protected by both of these types of laws, plus the procedures and addi-tional protections created under sec-
tion 4 of my bill. 
Employees cannot be removed with-
out OSC approval if an open case ex-ists, and employees cannot be removed or demoted if they have an open case under the new process that is laid out in section 4 until the Office of Account-ability review makes a final deter-mination. 
So, ultimately, not only does this 
amendment set a standard for removal that is not relevant to a majority of the issues that we see at the Depart-ment, it keeps intact the long and ar-duous timeline before a final approval is complete. This is not fair to vet-erans, to the Department, or to the em-ployee in question. 
To reemphasize, I also have issues 
with the whistleblower protections that are laid out in this substitute or 
the lack of protections in this sub-stitute. 
The only mention of whistleblower 
protections made in this amendment says that a whistleblower may receive backpay if the Merit Systems Protec-tion Board ultimately decides they were removed for blowing the whistle. 
Not only does this not provide any 
protections on the front end, but it would also strip out all of the whistle-blower protections I have included in section 4 of my bill. 
We all know that the Secretary has a 
tall task to restore trust and to rebuild the VA. We have to give him every tool possible to complete that mission. This amendment does not come close to giv-ing him the tool that he needs today. 
So, once again, I urge Members to 
support change and stand with vet-erans, not the bureaucrats and the spe-cial interest groups and the status quo. I urge Members to oppose the Takano substitute. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chairman, my 
good friend and colleague, Chairman M
ILLER of the Veterans’ Affairs Com-
mittee, has implied that my clear and present danger standard in the sub-stitute that I have offered is too nar-row and does not give the Secretary enough tools to dismiss bad employees. I respectfully disagree. 
Particularly in the case of the Phoe-
nix VA, the hospital’s director, Sharon Helman, clearly posed a threat to the health and safety of veterans. Under my substitute, she would have been im-mediately removed. 
Similarly, many of the speakers on 
the other side of the aisle cited a crackhouse case where a VA employee took a veteran to a crackhouse. 
Now, my substitute and the clear and 
present standard, the health and safety standard that we have put forward, would clearly have addressed that em-ployee and would have made that em-ployee immediately dismissible. 
Let me remind you again that VA 
does have current title 5 procedures that they have been using to remove poor-performing employees. 
We should encourage the VA to use 
them better, to use the tools that they have. I remind my colleagues that last 
year 872 permanent employees were re-moved, 487 more resigned in lieu of being fired, and 958 probationary em-ployees were terminated. 
Now, the fact that the VA wait list 
scandal emerged out of Phoenix was be-cause we do have protections for whis-tleblowers. They could be strength-ened. 
Nevertheless, the current civil serv-
ice protections, the due process protec-tions, afforded those employees the se-curity to move forward and to come forward as whistleblowers. 
Again, my amendment in the form of 
a substitute fixes the deficiencies of my good friend Chairman M
ILLER ’s bill. 
I have said before that I believe his 
bill puts extra barriers in front of whis-tleblowers in coming forward. It com-plicates and makes more cumbersome their ability to come forward. 
If you are an employee who is under 
threat of dismissal and immediately losing your livelihood, that is a huge, huge barrier to your coming forward as a whistleblower. 
That is exactly what his bill would 
do. It would make everyone in the VA an at-will employee. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chair, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. D
ENT), the chairman 
of the subcommittee that has jurisdic-tion over the VA budget. 
Mr. DENT. Mr. Chair, I want to 
thank Chairman M
ILLER for his leader-
ship on this. 
I rise to oppose the substitute 
amendment. But I want to express my gratitude to the chairman for the work that he and the Veterans’ Affairs Com-mittee have done, all the work they have put into this legislation to pre-vent another VA catastrophe by mak-ing sure that the Choice Act funds we appropriated last year can be used for related veterans’ community care ex-penditures. 
This bill will ensure that no veterans 
hospital or care for any veteran will be jeopardized due to the VA’s continuing mismanagement of the influx of pa-tients that followed last year’s passage of the Choice Act. 
Once again, Congress is providing the 
VA with all the resources they require to provide timely, quality care to our veterans and their loved ones. 
It was only about a month ago that 
we were informed by the Department that there was a shortfall of the mag-nitude of almost $3.4 billion, and here we are today remedying this problem. 
The bill also proposes something that 
is sorely needed: the consolidation of the myriad programs VA uses to pro-vide care outside their facilities. 
Veterans are confused. VA employees 
are confused. Doctors are confused. Re-imbursement rates are not standard-ized. 
We need to make sure that the non- 
VA care program is thriving so that pa-tients can get the high-quality care they deserve in their homes, in their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JY7.061 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5640 July 29, 2015 
home communities, right where they 
live. 
As chairman of the Subcommittee on 
Military Construction, Veterans Af-fairs and Related Agencies, I will con-tinue to devote time and attention to pinpointing the VA’s future funding needs and maintaining vigilant over-sight of their appropriated taxpayer dollars. 
The VA must develop systems that 
give us accurate and on-time informa-tion and engage with Congress in a transparent and timely manner. We cannot and should not continue to lurch from one VA funding crisis to an-other. 
b1615 
What we have seen is terrible man-
agement and a terrible disservice to our veterans by the VA in many of 
these cases; we need to fix it. I believe the Secretary is a good and honorable man trying to do his best, but the tax-payers deserve better, and our veterans most assuredly do. 
I urge passage of this bill. I thank 
the chairman and the leadership of the committee. 
Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. B
ROWN ), the ranking mem-
ber of the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Let me just 
be clear. I am just amazed that, on the last day of the session, we are spending the entire afternoon discussing H.R. 1994—a bill that the Senate will not pick up; and if, by some miracle, it passed, the President would veto it— when there are so many other things that we could be discussing. 
How about addressing H.R. 3266, 
which will give the Secretary the au-thority to run the VA like a business, which is what we keep saying? 
I support the substitute amendment. 
The accountability substitute is of-fered today because it brings real ac-countability to the VA while maintain-ing constitutionality due process pro-tection for civil service employees. 
At the Committee on Veterans’ Af-
fairs over the past 2 years, we have learned of widespread mismanagement and—let me emphasize—lack of train-ing at the VA. The problems that the VA has have gone back for many years, over 30. Maybe if we had adequately funded VA, they would have fewer problems. 
The majority has introduced H.R. 
1994, which attempts to increase ac-countability by allowing VA to imme-diately fire any employee for mis-conduct with only limited due process. The substitute increases account-ability by allowing VA to immediately suspend, without pay, any employee whose misconduct posed a direct threat to veterans’ health and safety. 
Unlike H.R. 1994, the substitute pro-
vides sufficient due process rights to meet constitutional requirements by providing an accused employee with a fair chance to tell their side of the story. I urge my colleagues to vote for this 
substitute and vote against H.R. 1994. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. May I in-
quire how much time is remaining on my side? 
The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman 
from Florida has 1 minute remaining. The gentleman from California has 1 minute remaining. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. I reserve the 
balance of my time. 
Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chairman, I en-
courage all of my colleagues to vote for my amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute. 
Mr. Chairman, I respectfully yield 
back the balance of my time. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, what this amendment does is ba-sically gut H.R. 1994, which is an ac-countability bill that provides the Sec-retary with a desperately needed tool in order to hold people accountable within the Department. 
I would like to read for the R
ECORD  
the 11 veterans service organizations that support the removal authority: American Legion, Veterans of Foreign Wars, Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America, Paralyzed Veterans of Amer-ica, Vietnam Veterans of America, Stu-dent Veterans of America, Military Order of the Purple Heart, Military Of-ficers Association of America, Reserve Officers Association, Concerned Vet-erans for America, and AMVETS. 
I remind Members that VA has only 
successfully removed three VA employ-ees for reasons related to the wait time manipulation in the VA scandal that was brought to everybody’s attention back in April. 
Here are those that oppose the ac-
countability bill: the American Federa-tion of Government Employees and the National Treasury Employees Union. 
So, again, on opposition are the 
unions; on support are the veterans service organizations. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. R
ODNEY  
DAVIS of Illinois). The question is on 
the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ). 
The question was taken; and the Act-
ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. 
Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Chairman, I de-
mand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, I move that the Committee do now rise. 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
ULTGREN ) having assumed the chair, 
Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Acting 
Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, re-ported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 1994) to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the removal or de-motion of employees of the Depart-
ment of Veterans Affairs based on per-formance or misconduct, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
f 
SURFACE TRANSPORTATION AND 
VETERANS HEALTH CARE CHOICE IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2015 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include extra-neous materials on H.R. 3236. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? 
There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, pursu-
ant to House Resolution 388, I call up the bill (H.R. 3236) to provide an exten-sion of Federal-aid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, to provide re-source flexibility to the Department of Veterans Affairs for health care serv-ices, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill 
contains an emergency designation pursuant to section 4(g)(1) of the Statu-tory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010. Ac-cordingly, the Chair must put the ques-tion of consideration under section 4(g)(2) of the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010. 
The question is, Will the House now 
consider the bill? 
The question of consideration was de-
cided in the affirmative. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 388, the bill is considered read. 
The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3236 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; RECONCILIATION OF 
FUNDS; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Surface Transportation and Veterans Health Care Choice Improvement Act of 2015’’. 
(b) R
ECONCILIATION OF FUNDS .—The Sec-
retary of Transportation shall reduce the amount apportioned or allocated for a pro-gram, project, or activity under this Act in fiscal year 2015 by amounts apportioned or allocated pursuant to the Highway and Transportation Funding Act of 2014 and the Highway and Transportation Funding Act of 2015, including the amendments made by such Acts, for the period beginning on Octo-ber 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015. 
(c) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title; reconciliation of funds; 
table of contents. 
TITLE I—SURFACE TRANSPORTATION 
PROGRAM EXTENSION 
Subtitle A—Federal-Aid Highways 
Sec. 1001. Extension of Federal-aid highway 
programs. 
Sec. 1002. Administrative expenses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\K29JY7.062 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5641 July 29, 2015 
Subtitle B—Extension of Highway Safety 
Programs 
Sec. 1101. Extension of National Highway 
Traffic Safety Administration highway safety programs. 
Sec. 1102. Extension of Federal Motor Car-
rier Safety Administration pro-grams. 
Sec. 1103. Dingell-Johnson Sport Fish Res-
toration Act. 
Subtitle C—Public Transportation Programs 
Sec. 1201. Formula grants for rural areas. 
Sec. 1202. Apportionment of appropriations 
for formula grants. 
Sec. 1203. Authorizations for public trans-
portation. 
Sec. 1204. Bus and bus facilities formula 
grants. 
Subtitle D—Hazardous Materials 
Sec. 1301. Authorization of appropriations. 
TITLE II—REVENUE PROVISIONS 
Sec. 2001. Extension of Highway Trust Fund 
expenditure authority. 
Sec. 2002. Funding of Highway Trust Fund. Sec. 2003. Modification of mortgage report-
ing requirements. 
Sec. 2004. Consistent basis reporting be-
tween estate and person acquir-ing property from decedent. 
Sec. 2005. Clarification of 6-year statute of 
limitations in case of overstate-ment of basis. 
Sec. 2006. Tax return due dates. Sec. 2007. Transfers of excess pension assets 
to retiree health accounts. 
Sec. 2008. Equalization of Highway Trust 
Fund excise taxes on liquefied natural gas, liquefied petro-leum gas, and compressed nat-ural gas. 
TITLE III—ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS 
Sec. 3001. Service fees. 
TITLE IV—VETERANS PROVISIONS 
Sec. 4001. Short title. 
Sec. 4002. Plan to consolidate programs of 
Department of Veterans Affairs to improve access to care. 
Sec. 4003. Funding account for non-Depart-
ment care. 
Sec. 4004. Temporary authorization of use of 
Veterans Choice Funds for cer-tain programs. 
Sec. 4005. Modifications of Veterans Choice 
Program. 
Sec. 4006. Limitation on dialysis pilot pro-
gram. 
Sec. 4007. Amendments to Internal Revenue 
Code with respect to health coverage of veterans. 
Sec. 4008. Emergency designations. 
TITLE I—SURFACE TRANSPORTATION 
PROGRAM EXTENSION 
Subtitle A—Federal-Aid Highways 
SEC. 1001. EXTENSION OF FEDERAL-AID HIGH-
WAY PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1001(a) of the 
Highway and Transportation Funding Act of 2014 (128 Stat. 1840) is amended by striking ‘‘July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘October 29, 2015’’. 
(b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
(1) H IGHWAY TRUST FUND .—Section 
1001(b)(1) of the Highway and Transportation Funding Act of 2014 (128 Stat. 1840) is amend-ed to read as follows: 
‘‘(1) H
IGHWAY TRUST FUND .—Except as pro-
vided in section 1002, there is authorized to be appropriated out of the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Ac-count)— 
‘‘(A) for fiscal year 2015, a sum equal to the 
total amount authorized to be appropriated out of the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account) for programs, projects, and activities for fiscal year 2014 
under divisions A and E of MAP–21 (Public Law 112–141) and title 23, United States Code (excluding chapter 4 of that title); and 
‘‘(B) for the period beginning on October 1, 
2015, and ending on October 29, 2015, 
29⁄366of 
the total amount authorized to be appro-priated out of the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account) for programs, projects, and activities for fiscal year 2015 under divisions A and E of MAP–21 (Public Law 112–141) and title 23, United States Code (excluding chapter 4 of that title).’’. 
(2) G
ENERAL FUND .—Section 1123(h)(1) of 
MAP–21 (23 U.S.C. 202 note) is amended by striking ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 and 2014 and $24,986,301 out of the general fund of the Treasury to carry out the program for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and end-ing on July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 through 2015 and $2,377,049 out of the general fund of the Treasury to carry out the program for the period begin-ning on October 1, 2015, and ending on Octo-ber 29, 2015’’. 
(c) U
SE OF FUNDS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 1001(c)(1) of the 
Highway and Transportation Funding Act of 2014 (128 Stat. 1840) is amended by striking ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—’’ and all that follows 
through ‘‘to carry out programs’’ and insert-ing the following: 
‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise ex-
pressly provided in this subtitle, funds au-thorized to be appropriated under subsection (b)(1)— 
‘‘(A) for fiscal year 2015 shall be distrib-
uted, administered, limited, and made avail-able for obligation in the same manner and at the same levels as the amounts of funds authorized to be appropriated out of the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account) for fiscal year 2014; and 
‘‘(B) for the period beginning on October 1, 
2015, and ending on October 29, 2015, shall be distributed, administered, limited, and made available for obligation in the same manner and at the same levels as 
29⁄366of the amounts 
of funds authorized to be appropriated out of the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account) for fiscal year 2015, to carry out programs’’. 
(2) O
BLIGATION CEILING .—Section 1102 of 
MAP–21 (23 U.S.C. 104 note) is amended— 
(A) in subsection (a)— (i) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of para-
graph (2); and 
(ii) by striking paragraph (3) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(3) $40,256,000,000 for fiscal year 2015; and ‘‘(4) $3,189,683,060 for the period beginning 
on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015.’’; 
(B) in subsection (b)(12)— (i) by striking ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 
through 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 through 2015’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘, and for the period begin-
ning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015, only in an amount equal to $639,000,000, less any reductions that would have otherwise been required for that year by section 251A of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901a), then multiplied by 
304⁄365for that 
period’’ and inserting ‘‘, and for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015, only in an amount equal to $639,000,000, less any reductions that would have otherwise been required for that year by section 251A of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901a), then multiplied by 
29⁄366for that 
period’’; 
(C) in subsection (c)— (i) in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by 
striking ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 through 2014 and for the period beginning on October 
1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’ and in-serting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 through 2015 and for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015’’; and 
(ii) in paragraph (2) in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and end-ing on July 31, 2015, that is equal to 
304⁄365of 
such unobligated balance’’ and inserting ‘‘for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015, that is equal to 
29⁄366of such unobligated balance’’; 
(D) in subsection (d) in the matter pre-
ceding paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2016’’; and 
(E) in subsection (f)(1) in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 through 2014 and for the pe-riod beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 through 2015 and for the period be-ginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on Oc-tober 29, 2015’’. 
SEC. 1002. ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES. 
Section 1002 of the Highway and Transpor-
tation Funding Act of 2014 (128 Stat. 1842) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a) by striking ‘‘for ad-
ministrative expenses of the Federal-aid highway program $366,465,753 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015.’’ and inserting ‘‘for administra-tive expenses of the Federal-aid highway program— 
‘‘(1) $440,000,000 for fiscal year 2015; and ‘‘(2) $34,863,388 for the period beginning on 
October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015.’’; and 
(2) by striking subsection (b)(2) and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(2) for fiscal year 2015 and for the period 
beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015, subject to the limitations on administrative expenses under the head-ing ‘Federal Highway Administration’ in ap-propriations Acts that apply, respectively, to that fiscal year and period.’’. 
Subtitle B—Extension of Highway Safety 
Programs 
SEC. 1101. EXTENSION OF NATIONAL HIGHWAY 
TRAFFIC SAFETY ADMINISTRATION HIGHWAY SAFETY PROGRAMS. 
(a) E XTENSION OF PROGRAMS .— 
(1) H IGHWAY SAFETY PROGRAMS .—Section 
31101(a)(1) of MAP–21 (126 Stat. 733) is amend-ed— 
(A) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of sub-
paragraph (B); and 
(B) by striking subparagraph (C) and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(C) $235,000,000 for fiscal year 2015; and ‘‘(D) $18,620,219 for the period beginning on 
October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015.’’. 
(2) H
IGHWAY SAFETY RESEARCH AND DEVEL -
OPMENT .—Section 31101(a)(2) of MAP–21 (126 
Stat. 733) is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of sub-
paragraph (B); and 
(B) by striking subparagraph (C) and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(C) $113,500,000 for fiscal year 2015; and ‘‘(D) $8,993,169 for the period beginning on 
October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015.’’. 
(3) N
ATIONAL PRIORITY SAFETY PROGRAMS .— 
Section 31101(a)(3) of MAP–21 (126 Stat. 733) is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of sub-
paragraph (B); and 
(B) by striking subparagraph (C) and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(C) $272,000,000 for fiscal year 2015; and ‘‘(D) $21,551,913 for the period beginning on 
October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.017 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5642 July 29, 2015 
(4) N ATIONAL DRIVER REGISTER .—Section 
31101(a)(4) of MAP–21 (126 Stat. 733) is amend-ed— 
(A) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of sub-
paragraph (B); and 
(B) by striking subparagraph (C) and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(C) $5,000,000 for fiscal year 2015; and ‘‘(D) $396,175 for the period beginning on 
October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015.’’. 
(5) H
IGH VISIBILITY ENFORCEMENT PRO -
GRAM .— 
(A) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
Section 31101(a)(5) of MAP–21 (126 Stat. 733) is amended— 
(i) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of subpara-
graph (B); and 
(ii) by striking subparagraph (C) and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(C) $29,000,000 for fiscal year 2015; and ‘‘(D) $2,297,814 for the period beginning on 
October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015.’’. 
(B) L
AW ENFORCEMENT CAMPAIGNS .—Section 
2009(a) of SAFETEA–LU (23 U.S.C. 402 note) is amended— 
(i) in the first sentence by striking ‘‘each 
of fiscal years 2013 and 2014 and in the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 through 2015 and in the period be-ginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on Oc-tober 29, 2015’’; and 
(ii) in the second sentence by striking 
‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 and 2014 and in the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and end-ing on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 through 2015 and in the pe-riod beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’. 
(6) A
DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .—Section 
31101(a)(6) of MAP–21 (126 Stat. 733) is amend-ed— 
(A) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of sub-
paragraph (B); and 
(B) by striking subparagraph (C) and in-
serting the following: 
‘‘(C) $25,500,000 for fiscal year 2015; and ‘‘(D) $2,020,492 for the period beginning on 
October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015.’’. 
(b) C
OOPERATIVE RESEARCH AND EVALUA -
TION.—Section 403(f)(1) of title 23, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘each fiscal year ending before October 1, 2014, and $2,082,192 of the total amount available for apportionment to the States for highway safety programs under section 402(c) in the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and end-ing on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘each fis-cal year ending before October 1, 2015, and $198,087 of the total amount available for ap-portionment to the States for highway safe-ty programs under section 402(c) in the pe-riod beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’. 
(c) A
PPLICABILITY OF TITLE 23.—Section 
31101(c) of MAP–21 (126 Stat. 733) is amended by striking ‘‘fiscal years 2013 and 2014 and for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 through 2015 and for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and end-ing on October 29, 2015,’’. 
SEC. 1102. EXTENSION OF FEDERAL MOTOR CAR-
RIER SAFETY ADMINISTRATION PRO-GRAMS. 
(a) M OTOR CARRIER SAFETY GRANTS .—Sec-
tion 31104(a) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of para-
graph (9); and 
(2) by striking paragraph (10) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(10) $218,000,000 for fiscal year 2015; and ‘‘(11) $17,273,224 for the period beginning on 
October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015.’’. 
(b) A
DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .—Section 
31104(i)(1) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of subpara-
graph (I); and 
(2) by striking subparagraph (J) and insert-
ing the following: 
‘‘(J) $259,000,000 for fiscal year 2015; and ‘‘(K) $20,521,858 for the period beginning on 
October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015.’’. 
(c) G
RANT PROGRAMS .— 
(1) C OMMERCIAL DRIVER ’S LICENSE PROGRAM  
IMPROVEMENT GRANTS .—Section 4101(c)(1) of 
SAFETEA–LU (119 Stat. 1715) is amended by striking ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 and 2014 and $24,986,301 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 through 2015 and $2,377,049 for the period be-ginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on Oc-tober 29, 2015’’. 
(2) B
ORDER ENFORCEMENT GRANTS .—Section 
4101(c)(2) of SAFETEA–LU (119 Stat. 1715) is amended by striking ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 and 2014 and $26,652,055 for the period be-ginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 through 2015 and $2,535,519 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and end-ing on October 29, 2015’’. 
(3) P
ERFORMANCE AND REGISTRATION INFOR -
MATION SYSTEM MANAGEMENT GRANT PRO -
GRAM .—Section 4101(c)(3) of SAFETEA–LU 
(119 Stat. 1715) is amended by striking ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 and 2014 and $4,164,384 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 through 2015 and $396,175 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015’’. 
(4) C
OMMERCIAL VEHICLE INFORMATION SYS -
TEMS AND NETWORKS DEPLOYMENT PROGRAM .— 
Section 4101(c)(4) of SAFETEA–LU (119 Stat. 1715) is amended by striking ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 and 2014 and $20,821,918 for the pe-riod beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 through 2015 and $1,980,874 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and end-ing on October 29, 2015’’. 
(5) S
AFETY DATA IMPROVEMENT GRANTS .— 
Section 4101(c)(5) of SAFETEA–LU (119 Stat. 1715) is amended by striking ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 and 2014 and $2,498,630 for the pe-riod beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 through 2015 and $237,705 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and end-ing on October 29, 2015’’. 
(d) H
IGH-PRIORITY ACTIVITIES .—Section 
31104(k)(2) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘each of fiscal years 2006 through 2014 and up to $12,493,151 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and end-ing on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2006 through 2015 and up to $1,188,525 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’. 
(e) N
EW ENTRANT AUDITS .—Section 
31144(g)(5)(B) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘per fiscal year and up to $26,652,055 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘per fiscal year and up to $2,535,519 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’. 
(f) O
UTREACH AND EDUCATION .—Section 
4127(e) of SAFETEA–LU (119 Stat. 1741) is amended by striking ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 and 2014 and $3,331,507 to the Federal 
Motor Carrier Safety Administration for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and end-ing on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 through 2015 and $316,940 to the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Adminis-
tration for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’. 
(g) G
RANT PROGRAM FOR COMMERCIAL  
MOTOR VEHICLE OPERATORS .—Section 4134(c) 
of SAFETEA–LU (49 U.S.C. 31301 note) is amended by striking ‘‘each of fiscal years 2005 through 2014 and $832,877 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2005 through 2015 and $79,235 for the pe-riod beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’. 
SEC. 1103. DINGELL-JOHNSON SPORT FISH RES-
TORATION ACT. 
Section 4 of the Dingell-Johnson Sport 
Fish Restoration Act (16 U.S.C. 777c) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a) in the matter pre-
ceding paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘each fiscal year through 2014 and for the period begin-ning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘each fiscal year through 2015 and for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015’’; and 
(2) in subsection (b)(1)(A) by striking ‘‘for 
each fiscal year ending before October 1, 2014, and for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and insert-ing ‘‘for each fiscal year ending before Octo-
ber 1, 2015, and for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’. 
Subtitle C—Public Transportation Programs 
SEC. 1201. FORMULA GRANTS FOR RURAL AREAS. 
Section 5311(c)(1) of title 49, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) in subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘for 
each fiscal year ending before October 1, 2014, and $4,164,384 for the period beginning on Oc-tober 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘for each fiscal year ending be-fore October 1, 2015, and $396,175 for the pe-riod beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’; and 
(2) in subparagraph (B) by striking ‘‘for 
each fiscal year ending before October 1, 2014, and $20,821,918 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘for each fiscal year ending be-fore October 1, 2015, and $1,980,874 for the pe-riod beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’. 
SEC. 1202. APPORTIONMENT OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS FOR FORMULA GRANTS. 
Section 5336(h)(1) of title 49, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘for each fiscal year ending before October 1, 2014, and $24,986,301 for the period beginning on Octo-ber 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘for each fiscal year ending before October 1, 2015, and $2,377,049 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’. 
SEC. 1203. AUTHORIZATIONS FOR PUBLIC TRANS-
PORTATION. 
(a) F ORMULA GRANTS .—Section 5338(a) of 
title 49, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘and 
$7,158,575,342 for the period beginning on Oc-tober 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘$8,595,000,000 for fiscal year 2015, and $681,024,590 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘and 
$107,274,521 for the period beginning on Octo-ber 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘$128,800,000 for fiscal 2015, and $10,205,464 for the period beginning on Octo-ber 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’; 
(B) in subparagraph (B) by striking ‘‘for 
each of fiscal years 2013 and 2014 and $8,328,767 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and in-serting ‘‘for each of fiscal years 2013 through 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.017 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5643 July 29, 2015 
2015 and $792,350 for the period beginning on 
October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’; 
(C) in subparagraph (C) by striking ‘‘and 
$3,713,505,753 for the period beginning on Oc-tober 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘$4,458,650,000 for fiscal year 2015, and $353,281,011 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’; 
(D) in subparagraph (D) by striking ‘‘and 
$215,132,055 for the period beginning on Octo-ber 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘$258,300,000 for fiscal year 2015, and $20,466,393 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’; 
(E) in subparagraph (E)— (i) by striking ‘‘and $506,222,466 for the pe-
riod beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘$607,800,000 for fiscal year 2015, and $48,159,016 for the pe-riod beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’; 
(ii) by striking ‘‘and $24,986,301 for the pe-
riod beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘$30,000,000 for fiscal year 2015, and $2,377,049 for the pe-riod beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’; and 
(iii) by striking ‘‘and $16,657,534 for the pe-
riod beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘$20,000,000 for fiscal year 2015, and $1,584,699 for the pe-riod beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’; 
(F) in subparagraph (F) by striking ‘‘each 
of fiscal years 2013 and 2014 and $2,498,630 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 through 2015 and $237,705 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’; 
(G) in subparagraph (G) by striking ‘‘each 
of fiscal years 2013 and 2014 and $4,164,384 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 through 2015 and $396,175 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’; 
(H) in subparagraph (H) by striking ‘‘each 
of fiscal years 2013 and 2014 and $3,206,575 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 through 2015 and $305,055 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’; 
(I) in subparagraph (I) by striking ‘‘and 
$1,803,927,671 for the period beginning on Oc-tober 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘$2,165,900,000 for fiscal year 2015, and $171,615,027 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’; 
(J) in subparagraph (J) by striking ‘‘and 
$356,304,658 for the period beginning on Octo-ber 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘$427,800,000 for fiscal year 2015, and $33,896,721 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’; and 
(K) in subparagraph (K) by striking ‘‘and 
$438,009,863 for the period beginning on Octo-ber 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘$525,900,000 for fiscal year 2015, and $41,669,672 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’. 
(b) R
ESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT DEMONSTRA -
TION AND DEPLOYMENT PROJECTS .—Section 
5338(b) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and $58,301,370 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and end-ing on July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘$70,000,000 for fiscal year 2015, and $5,546,448 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015’’. (c) T
RANSIT COOPERATIVE RESEARCH PRO-
GRAM .—Section 5338(c) of title 49, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and $5,830,137 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’ and in-serting ‘‘$7,000,000 for fiscal year 2015, and $554,645 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015’’. 
(d) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AND STANDARDS  
DEVELOPMENT .—Section 5338(d) of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and $5,830,137 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘$7,000,000 for fiscal year 2015, and $554,645 for the period beginning on Octo-ber 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015’’. 
(e) H
UMAN RESOURCES AND TRAINING .—Sec-
tion 5338(e) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and $4,164,384 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and end-ing on July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘$5,000,000 for fiscal year 2015, and $396,175 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015’’. 
(f) C
APITAL INVESTMENT GRANTS .—Section 
5338(g) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and $1,558,295,890 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,907,000,000 for fiscal year 2015, and $151,101,093 for the period beginning on Octo-ber 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015’’. 
(g) A
DMINISTRATION .—Section 5338(h) of 
title 49, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘and 
$86,619,178 for the period beginning on Octo-ber 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘$104,000,000 for fiscal year 2015, and $8,240,437 for the period beginning on Oc-tober 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2) by striking ‘‘each of fis-
cal years 2013 and 2014 and not less than $4,164,384 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and in-serting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 through 2015 and not less than $396,175 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’; and 
(3) in paragraph (3) by striking ‘‘each of fis-
cal years 2013 and 2014 and not less than $832,877 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and in-serting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 through 2015 and not less than $79,235 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’. 
SEC. 1204. BUS AND BUS FACILITIES FORMULA 
GRANTS. 
Section 5339(d)(1) of title 49, United States 
Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 
and 2014 and $54,553,425 for the period begin-ning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 through 2015 and $5,189,891 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘$1,041,096 for such period’’ 
and inserting ‘‘$99,044 for such period’’; and 
(3) by striking ‘‘$416,438 for such period’’ 
and inserting ‘‘$39,617 for such period’’. 
Subtitle D—Hazardous Materials 
SEC. 1301. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5128(a) of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of para-
graph (2); and 
(2) by striking paragraph (3) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(3) $42,762,000 for fiscal year 2015; and ‘‘(4) $3,388,246 for the period beginning on 
October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015.’’. 
(b) H
AZARDOUS MATERIALS EMERGENCY  
PREPAREDNESS FUND.—Section 5128(b) of title 
49, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the paragraph heading by striking 
‘‘FISCAL YEARS 2013 AND 2014 ’’ and inserting 
‘‘FISCAL YEARS 2013 THROUGH 2015 ’’; and 
(B) in the matter preceding subparagraph 
(A) by striking ‘‘fiscal years 2013 and 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal years 2013 through 2015’’; and 
(2) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(2) F
ISCAL YEAR 2016 .—From the Hazardous 
Materials Emergency Preparedness Fund es-tablished under section 5116(i), the Secretary may expend for the period beginning on Oc-tober 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015— 
‘‘(A) $14,896 to carry out section 5115; ‘‘(B) $1,727,322 to carry out subsections (a) 
and (b) of section 5116, of which not less than $1,081,557 shall be available to carry out sec-tion 5116(b); 
‘‘(C) $11,885 to carry out section 5116(f); ‘‘(D) $49,522 to publish and distribute the 
Emergency Response Guidebook under sec-tion 5116(i)(3); and 
‘‘(E) $79,235 to carry out section 5116(j).’’. 
(c) H
AZARDOUS MATERIALS TRAINING  
GRANTS .—Section 5128(c) of title 49, United 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘each of the fiscal years 2013 and 2014 and $3,331,507 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 through 2015 and $316,940 for the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on October 29, 2015,’’. 
TITLE II—REVENUE PROVISIONS 
SEC. 2001. EXTENSION OF HIGHWAY TRUST FUND 
EXPENDITURE AUTHORITY. 
(a) H IGHWAY TRUST FUND.—Section 9503 of 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amend-ed— 
(1) by striking ‘‘August 1, 2015’’ in sub-
sections (b)(6)(B), (c)(1), and (e)(3) and insert-ing ‘‘October 30, 2015’’, and 
(2) by striking ‘‘Highway and Transpor-
tation Funding Act of 2015’’ in subsections (c)(1) and (e)(3) and inserting ‘‘Surface Transportation and Veterans Health Care Choice Improvement Act of 2015’’. 
(b) S
PORT FISHRESTORATION AND BOATING  
TRUST FUND.—Section 9504 of such Code is 
amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘Highway and Transpor-
tation Funding Act of 2015’’ each place it ap-pears in subsection (b)(2) and inserting ‘‘Sur-face Transportation and Veterans Health Care Choice Improvement Act of 2015’’, and 
(2) by striking ‘‘August 1, 2015’’ in sub-
section (d)(2) and inserting ‘‘October 30, 2015’’. 
(c) L
EAKING UNDERGROUND STORAGE TANK 
TRUST FUND.—Section 9508(e)(2) of such Code 
is amended by striking ‘‘August 1, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘October 30, 2015’’. 
SEC. 2002. FUNDING OF HIGHWAY TRUST FUND. 
Section 9503(f) of the Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 is amended by redesignating paragraph (7) as paragraph (8) and by insert-ing after paragraph (6) the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(7) A
DDITIONAL SUMS .—Out of money in 
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, there is hereby appropriated— 
‘‘(A) $6,068,000,000 to the Highway Account 
(as defined in subsection (e)(5)(B)) in the Highway Trust Fund; and 
‘‘(B) $2,000,000,000 to the Mass Transit Ac-
count in the Highway Trust Fund.’’. 
SEC. 2003. MODIFICATION OF MORTGAGE RE-
PORTING REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) I NFORMATION RETURN REQUIREMENTS .— 
Section 6050H(b)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of subparagraph (C), by redesig-nating subparagraph (D) as subparagraph (G) and by inserting after subparagraph (C) the following new subparagraphs: 
‘‘(D) the amount of outstanding principal 
on the mortgage as of the beginning of such calendar year, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.017 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5644 July 29, 2015 
‘‘(E) the date of the origination of the 
mortgage, 
‘‘(F) the address (or other description in 
the case of property without an address) of the property which secures the mortgage, and’’. 
(b) S
TATEMENTS TO INDIVIDUALS .—Section 
6050H(d)(2) of such Code is amended by strik-ing ‘‘subsection (b)(2)(C)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-paragraphs (C), (D), (E), and (F) of subsection (b)(2)’’. 
(c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to returns required to be made, and statements re-quired to be furnished, after December 31, 2016. 
SEC. 2004. CONSISTENT BASIS REPORTING BE-
TWEEN ESTATE AND PERSON AC-QUIRING PROPERTY FROM DECE-DENT. 
(a) P ROPERTY ACQUIRED FROM A DECE-
DENT .—Section 1014 of the Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(f) B
ASIS MUSTBECONSISTENT WITHES-
TATE TAXRETURN .—For purposes of this sec-
tion— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The basis of any prop-
erty to which subsection (a) applies shall not exceed— 
‘‘(A) in the case of property the final value 
of which has been determined for purposes of the tax imposed by chapter 11 on the estate of such decedent, such value, and 
‘‘(B) in the case of property not described 
in subparagraph (A) and with respect to which a statement has been furnished under section 6035(a) identifying the value of such property, such value. 
‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—Paragraph (1) shall only 
apply to any property whose inclusion in the decedent’s estate increased the liability for the tax imposed by chapter 11 (reduced by credits allowable against such tax) on such estate. 
‘‘(3) D
ETERMINATION .—For purposes of para-
graph (1), the basis of property has been de-termined for purposes of the tax imposed by chapter 11 if— 
‘‘(A) the value of such property is shown on 
a return under section 6018 and such value is not contested by the Secretary before the ex-piration of the time for assessing a tax under chapter 11, 
‘‘(B) in a case not described in subpara-
graph (A), the value is specified by the Sec-retary and such value is not timely con-tested by the executor of the estate, or 
‘‘(C) the value is determined by a court or 
pursuant to a settlement agreement with the Secretary. 
‘‘(4) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary may by 
regulations provide exceptions to the appli-cation of this subsection.’’. 
(b) I
NFORMATION REPORTING .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subpart A of part III of 
subchapter A of chapter 61 of such Code is amended by inserting after section 6034A the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 6035. BASIS INFORMATION TO PERSONS AC-
QUIRING PROPERTY FROM DECE-DENT. 
‘‘(a) I NFORMATION WITHRESPECT TO PROP-
ERTY ACQUIRED FROMDECEDENTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The executor of any es-
tate required to file a return under section 6018(a) shall furnish to the Secretary and to each person acquiring any interest in prop-erty included in the decedent’s gross estate for Federal estate tax purposes a statement identifying the value of each interest in such property as reported on such return and such other information with respect to such inter-est as the Secretary may prescribe. 
‘‘(2) S
TATEMENTS BY BENEFICIARIES .—Each 
person required to file a return under section 6018(b) shall furnish to the Secretary and to each other person who holds a legal or bene-ficial interest in the property to which such 
return relates a statement identifying the information described in paragraph (1). 
‘‘(3) T
IME FOR FURNISHING STATEMENT .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Each statement re-
quired to be furnished under paragraph (1) or (2) shall be furnished at such time as the Secretary may prescribe, but in no case at a time later than the earlier of— 
‘‘(i) the date which is 30 days after the date 
on which the return under section 6018 was required to be filed (including extensions, if any), or 
‘‘(ii) the date which is 30 days after the 
date such return is filed. 
‘‘(B) A
DJUSTMENTS .—In any case in which 
there is an adjustment to the information re-quired to be included on a statement filed under paragraph (1) or (2) after such state-ment has been filed, a supplemental state-ment under such paragraph shall be filed not later than the date which is 30 days after such adjustment is made. 
‘‘(b) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall 
prescribe such regulations as necessary to carry out this section, including regulations relating to— 
‘‘(1) the application of this section to prop-
erty with regard to which no estate tax re-turn is required to be filed, and 
‘‘(2) situations in which the surviving joint 
tenant or other recipient may have better in-formation than the executor regarding the basis or fair market value of the property.’’. 
(2) P
ENALTY FOR FAILURE TO FILE .— 
(A) R ETURN .—Section 6724(d)(1) of such 
Code is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-riod at the end of subparagraph (C) and in-serting ‘‘, and’’, and by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(D) any statement required to be filed 
with the Secretary under section 6035.’’. 
(B) S
TATEMENT .—Section 6724(d)(2) of such 
Code is amended by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of subparagraph (GG), by striking the period at the end of subparagraph (HH) and insert-ing ‘‘, or’’, and by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subparagraph: 
‘‘(II) section 6035 (other than a statement 
described in paragraph (1)(D)).’’. 
(3) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections for subpart A of part III of sub-chapter A of chapter 61 of such Code is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 6034A the following new item: 
‘‘Sec. 6035. Basis information to persons ac-
quiring property from dece-dent.’’. 
(c) P
ENALTY FOR INCONSISTENT REPORT -
ING.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 6662(b) of such 
Code is amended by inserting after para-graph (7) the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(8) Any inconsistent estate basis.’’. (2) I
NCONSISTENT BASIS REPORTING .—Sec-
tion 6662 of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘‘(k) I
NCONSISTENT ESTATE BASIS REPORT -
ING.—For purposes of this section, there is an 
‘inconsistent estate basis’ if the basis of property claimed on a return exceeds the basis as determined under section 1014(f).’’. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to property with respect to which an estate tax return is 
filed after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 2005. CLARIFICATION OF 6-YEAR STATUTE 
OF LIMITATIONS IN CASE OF OVER-STATEMENT OF BASIS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6501(e)(1)(B) of 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amend-ed— 
(1) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of clause 
(i), by redesignating clause (ii) as clause (iii), and by inserting after clause (i) the following new clause: ‘‘(ii) An understatement of gross income by 
reason of an overstatement of unrecovered cost or other basis is an omission from gross income; and’’, and 
(2) by inserting ‘‘(other than in the case of 
an overstatement of unrecovered cost or other basis)’’ in clause (iii) (as so redesig-nated) after ‘‘In determining the amount omitted from gross income’’. 
(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to— 
(1) returns filed after the date of the enact-
ment of this Act, and 
(2) returns filed on or before such date if 
the period specified in section 6501 of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 (determined without regard to such amendments) for as-sessment of the taxes with respect to which such return relates has not expired as of such date. 
SEC. 2006. TAX RETURN DUE DATES. 
(a) D UEDATES FOR RETURNS OF PARTNER -
SHIPS , S C ORPORATIONS , AND C C ORPORA -
TIONS .— 
(1) P ARTNERSHIPS AND S CORPORATIONS .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—So much of subsection (b) 
of 6072 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 as precedes the second sentence thereof is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(b) R
ETURNS OF PARTNERSHIPS AND S COR-
PORATIONS .—Returns of partnerships under 
section 6031 and returns of S corporations under sections 6012 and 6037 made on the basis of the calendar year shall be filed on or before the 15th day of March following the close of the calendar year, and such returns made on the basis of a fiscal year shall be filed on or before the 15th day of the third month following the close of the fiscal year.’’. 
(B) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 
6072(a) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘6017, or 6031’’ and inserting ‘‘or 6017’’. 
(2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS RELATING TO C  
CORPORATION DUE DATE OF 15TH DAY OF  
FOURTH MONTH FOLLOWING TAXABLE YEAR .— 
(A) Section 170(a)(2)(B) of such Code is 
amended by striking ‘‘third month’’ and in-serting ‘‘fourth month’’. 
(B) Section 563 of such Code is amended by 
striking ‘‘third month’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘fourth month’’. 
(C) Section 1354(d)(1)(B)(i) of such Code is 
amended by striking ‘‘3d month’’ and insert-ing ‘‘4th month’’. 
(D) Subsections (a) and (c) of section 6167 
of such Code are each amended by striking ‘‘third month’’ and inserting ‘‘fourth month’’. 
(E) Section 6425(a)(1) of such Code is 
amended by striking ‘‘third month’’ and in-serting ‘‘fourth month’’. 
(F) Subsections (b)(2)(A), (g)(3), and (h)(1) 
of section 6655 of such Code are each amend-ed by striking ‘‘3rd month’’ and inserting ‘‘4th month’’. 
(G) Section 6655(g)(4) of such Code is 
amended by redesignating subparagraph (E) as subparagraph (F) and by inserting after subparagraph (D) the following new subpara-graph: 
‘‘(E) Subsection (b)(2)(A) shall be applied 
by substituting ‘3rd month’ for ‘4th month’.’’. 
(3) E
FFECTIVE DATES .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (B), the amendments made by this subsection shall apply to returns for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2015. 
(B) S
PECIAL RULE FOR C CORPORATIONS WITH  
FISCAL YEARS ENDING ON JUNE 30 .—In the case 
of any C corporation with a taxable year ending on June 30, the amendments made by this subsection shall apply to returns for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2025. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.017 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5645 July 29, 2015 
(b) M ODIFICATION OF DUEDATES BY REGU-
LATION .—In the case of returns for taxable 
years beginning after December 31, 2015, the Secretary of the Treasury, or the Secretary’s designee, shall modify appropriate regula-tions to provide as follows: 
(1) The maximum extension for the returns 
of partnerships filing Form 1065 shall be a 6- month period ending on September 15 for cal-endar year taxpayers. 
(2) The maximum extension for the returns 
of trusts filing Form 1041 shall be a 5
1⁄2- 
month period ending on September 30 for cal-endar year taxpayers. 
(3) The maximum extension for the returns 
of employee benefit plans filing Form 5500 shall be an automatic 3
1⁄2-month period end-
ing on November 15 for calendar year plans. 
(4) The maximum extension for the returns 
of organizations exempt from income tax fil-ing Form 990 (series) shall be an automatic 6- month period ending on November 15 for cal-endar year filers. 
(5) The maximum extension for the returns 
of organizations exempt from income tax that are required to file Form 4720 returns of excise taxes shall be an automatic 6-month period beginning on the due date for filing the return (without regard to any exten-sions). 
(6) The maximum extension for the returns 
of trusts required to file Form 5227 shall be an automatic 6-month period beginning on the due date for filing the return (without regard to any extensions). 
(7) The maximum extension for filing Form 
6069, Return of Excise Tax on Excess Con-tributions to Black Lung Benefit Trust Under Section 4953 and Computation of Sec-tion 192 Deduction, shall be an automatic 6- month period beginning on the due date for filing the return (without regard to any ex-tensions). 
(8) The maximum extension for a taxpayer 
required to file Form 8870 shall be an auto-matic 6-month period beginning on the due date for filing the return (without regard to any extensions). 
(9) The due date of Form 3520–A, Annual In-
formation Return of a Foreign Trust with a United States Owner, shall be the 15th day of the 3d month after the close of the trust’s taxable year, and the maximum extension shall be a 6-month period beginning on such day. 
(10) The due date of Form 3520, Annual Re-
turn to Report Transactions with Foreign Trusts and Receipt of Certain Foreign Gifts, for calendar year filers shall be April 15 with a maximum extension for a 6-month period ending on October 15. 
(11) The due date of FinCEN Report 114 (re-
lating to Report of Foreign Bank and Finan-cial Accounts) shall be April 15 with a max-imum extension for a 6-month period ending on October 15 and with provision for an ex-tension under rules similar to the rules in Treas. Reg. section 1.6081–5. For any tax-payer required to file such Form for the first time, any penalty for failure to timely re-quest for, or file, an extension, may be waived by the Secretary. 
(c) C
ORPORATIONS PERMITTED STATUTORY  
AUTOMATIC 6-MONTH EXTENSION OF INCOME  
TAXRETURNS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 6081(b) of such 
Code is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘3 months’’ and inserting 
‘‘6 months’’, and 
(B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘In 
the case of any return for a taxable year of a C corporation which ends on December 31 and begins before January 1, 2026, the first sentence of this subsection shall be applied by substituting ‘5 months’ for ‘6 months’. In the case of any return for a taxable year of a C corporation which ends on June 30 and begins before January 1, 2026, the first sen-tence of this subsection shall be applied by 
substituting ‘7 months’ for ‘6 months’.’’. 
(2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments 
made by this subsection shall apply to re-turns for taxable years beginning after De-cember 31, 2015. 
SEC. 2007. TRANSFERS OF EXCESS PENSION AS-
SETS TO RETIREE HEALTH AC-COUNTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 420(b)(4) of the In-
ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2021’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2025’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING ERISA A MENDMENTS .— 
(1) Sections 101(e)(3), 403(c)(1), and 
408(b)(13) of the Employee Retirement In-come Security Act of 1974 (29 U.S.C. 1021(e)(3), 1103(c)(1), 1108(b)(13)) are each amended by striking ‘‘MAP–21’’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Surface Transportation and Veterans Health Care Choice Improvement Act of 2015’’. 
(2) Section 408(b)(13) of such Act (29 U.S.C. 
1108(b)(13)) is amended by striking ‘‘January 1, 2022’’ and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2026’’. 
SEC. 2008. EQUALIZATION OF HIGHWAY TRUST 
FUND EXCISE TAXES ON LIQUEFIED NATURAL GAS, LIQUEFIED PETRO-LEUM GAS, AND COMPRESSED NAT-URAL GAS. 
(a) L IQUEFIED PETROLEUM GAS.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 4041(a)(2)(B) of the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of clause (i), by re-designating clause (ii) as clause (iii), and by inserting after clause (i) the following new clause: 
‘‘(ii) in the case of liquefied petroleum gas, 
18.3 cents per energy equivalent of a gallon of gasoline, and’’. 
(2) E
NERGY EQUIVALENT OF A GALLON OF  
GASOLINE .—Section 4041(a)(2) of such Code is 
amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(C) E NERGY EQUIVALENT OF A GALLON OF  
GASOLINE .—For purposes of this paragraph, 
the term ‘energy equivalent of a gallon of gasoline’ means, with respect to a liquefied petroleum gas fuel, the amount of such fuel having a Btu content of 115,400 (lower heat-ing value). For purposes of the preceding sen-tence, a Btu content of 115,400 (lower heating value) is equal to 5.75 pounds of liquefied pe-troleum gas.’’. 
(b) L
IQUEFIED NATURAL GAS.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 4041(a)(2)(B) of 
such Code, as amended by subsection (a)(1), is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of clause (ii), by striking the period at the end of clause (iii) and inserting ‘‘, and’’ and by inserting after clause (iii) the following new clause: 
‘‘(iv) in the case of liquefied natural gas, 
24.3 cents per energy equivalent of a gallon of diesel.’’. 
(2) E
NERGY EQUIVALENT OF A GALLON OF DIE -
SEL.—Section 4041(a)(2) of such Code, as 
amended by subsection (a)(2), is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(D) E
NERGY EQUIVALENT OF A GALLON OF  
DIESEL .—For purposes of this paragraph, the 
term ‘energy equivalent of a gallon of diesel’ means, with respect to a liquefied natural gas fuel, the amount of such fuel having a Btu content of 128,700 (lower heating value). For purposes of the preceding sentence, a Btu content of 128,700 (lower heating value) is equal to 6.06 pounds of liquefied natural gas.’’. 
(3) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 
4041(a)(2)(B)(iii) of such Code, as redesignated by subsection (a)(1), is amended— 
(A) by striking ‘‘liquefied natural gas,’’, 
and 
(B) by striking ‘‘peat), and’’ and inserting 
‘‘peat) and’’. 
(c) E
NERGY EQUIVALENT OF A GALLON OF  
GASOLINE TO COMPRESSED NATURAL GAS.— 
Section 4041(a)(3) of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) E
NERGY EQUIVALENT OF A GALLON OF  
GASOLINE .—For purposes of this paragraph, 
the term ‘energy equivalent of a gallon of gasoline’ means 5.66 pounds of compressed natural gas.’’. 
(d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments 
made by this section shall apply to any sale or use of fuel after December 31, 2015. 
TITLE III—ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS 
SEC. 3001. SERVICE FEES. 
Paragraph (4) of section 44940(i) of title 49, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraphs: 
‘‘(K) $1,560,000,000 for fiscal year 2024. ‘‘(L) $1,600,000,000 for fiscal year 2025.’’. 
TITLE IV—VETERANS PROVISIONS 
SEC. 4001. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘VA Budget 
and Choice Improvement Act’’. 
SEC. 4002. PLAN TO CONSOLIDATE PROGRAMS OF 
DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS TO IMPROVE ACCESS TO CARE. 
(a) P LAN.—The Secretary of Veterans Af-
fairs shall develop a plan to consolidate all non-Department provider programs by estab-lishing a new, single program to be known as the ‘‘Veterans Choice Program’’ to furnish hospital care and medical services to vet-erans enrolled in the system of patient en-rollment established under section 1705(a) of title 38, United States Code, at non-Depart-ment facilities. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The plan developed under 
subsection (a) to establish the Veterans Choice Program to furnish hospital care and medical services at non-Department facili-ties shall include, at a minimum, the fol-lowing: 
(1) A standardized method to furnish such 
care and services that incorporates the strengths of the non-Department provider programs into a single streamlined program that the Secretary administers uniformly in each Veterans Service Integrated Network and throughout the medical system of the Veterans Health Administration. 
(2) An identification of the eligibility re-
quirements for any such care and services, including with respect to service-connected disabilities and non-service-connected dis-abilities. 
(3) A description of the authorization proc-
ess for such care or medical services, includ-ing with respect to identifying the roles of clinicians, schedulers, any third-party ad-ministrators, the Chief Business Office of the Department, and any other entity involved in the authorization process. 
(4) The structuring of the billing and reim-
bursement process, including the use of third-party medical claims adjudicators or technology that supports automatic adju-dication. 
(5) A description of the reimbursement rate 
to be paid to health care providers under such program. 
(6) An identification of how the Secretary 
will determine the eligibility requirements of health care providers at non-Department facilities to participate in such program, in-cluding how the Secretary plans to structure a non-Department care network to allow the maximum amount of flexibility in providing care and services under the program. 
(7) An explanation of the processes to be 
used to ensure that the Secretary will fully comply with all requirements of chapter 39 of title 31, United States Code (commonly re-ferred to as the ‘‘Prompt Payment Act’’), in paying for such care and services furnished at non-Department facilities. 
(8) A description of how, to the greatest ex-
tent practicable, the Secretary plans to use infrastructure and networks of non-Depart-ment provider programs that exist as of the date of the plan to implement such program. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.017 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5646 July 29, 2015 
(9) A description of how— 
(A) health care providers at non-Depart-
ment facilities that furnish such care or services to veterans under such program will have access to, and transmit back to the De-partment, the medical records of such vet-erans; and 
(B) the Department will receive from such 
non-Department providers such medical records and any other relevant information. 
(10) A description of how the Secretary 
plans to ensure an efficient transition to such program for veterans who participate in the non-Department provider programs, in-cluding a timeline, milestones, and esti-mated costs for implementation, outreach, and training. 
(c) S
UBMISSION .—Not later than November 
1, 2015, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Senate a report containing— 
(1) a description of each non-Department 
provider program and the statutory author-ity for each such program; 
(2) the plan under subsection (a); (3) the estimated costs and budgetary re-
quirements to implement the plan and to furnish hospital care and medical services pursuant to such plan; and 
(4) any recommendations for legislative 
proposals the Secretary determines nec-essary to implement such plan. 
(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘non-Department facility’’ 
has the meaning given that term in section 1701 of title 38, United States Code. 
(2) The term ‘‘non-Department provider 
programs’’ means each program adminis-tered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs under which the Secretary enters into con-tracts or other agreements with health care providers at non-Department facilities to furnish hospital care and medical services to veterans, including pursuant to the fol-lowing: 
(A) Section 1703 of title 38, United States 
Code. 
(B) The Veterans Choice Program estab-
lished by section 101 of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 (Pub-lic Law 113–146; 38 U.S.C. 1701 note). 
(C) The Patient Centered Community Care 
Program (known as ‘‘PC3’’). 
(D) The pilot program established by sec-
tion 403 of the Veterans’ Mental Health and Other Care Improvements Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–387; 38 U.S.C. 1703 note) (known as ‘‘Project ARCH’’). 
(E) Contracts relating to dialysis. (F) Agreements entered into by the Sec-
retary with— 
(i) the Secretary of Defense, the Director 
of the Indian Health Service, or any the head of any other department or agency of the Federal Government; or 
(ii) any academic affiliate or other non- 
governmental entity. 
(G) Programs relating to emergency care, 
including under sections 1725 and 1728 of title 38, United States Code. 
SEC. 4003. FUNDING ACCOUNT FOR NON-DEPART-
MENT CARE. 
Each budget of the President submitted to 
Congress under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, for fiscal year 2017 and each fiscal year thereafter shall include an appropriations account for non-Department provider programs (as defined in section 2(d)) to be comprised of— 
(1) discretionary medical services funding 
that is designated for hospital care and med-ical services furnished at non-Department facilities; and 
(2) any funds transferred for such purpose 
from the Veterans Choice Fund established by section 802 of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 (Pub-
lic Law 113–146; 128 Stat. 1802). 
SEC. 4004. TEMPORARY AUTHORIZATION OF USE 
OF VETERANS CHOICE FUNDS FOR CERTAIN PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (c) of section 
802 of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Ac-countability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–146; 128 Stat. 1802) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Any 
amounts’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as provided by paragraph (3), any amounts’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following para-
graph: 
‘‘(3) T
EMPORARY AUTHORITY FOR OTHER  
USES.— 
‘‘(A) O THER NON -DEPARTMENT CARE .—In ad-
dition to the use of amounts described in paragraph (1), of the amounts deposited in the Veterans Choice Fund, not more than $3,348,500,000 may be used by the Secretary during the period described in subparagraph (C) for amounts obligated by the Secretary on or after May 1, 2015, to furnish health care to individuals pursuant to chapter 17 of title 38, United States Code, at non-Department facilities, including pursuant to non-Depart-ment provider programs other than the pro-gram established by section 101. 
‘‘(B) H
EPATITIS C .—Of the amount specified 
in subparagraph (A), not more than $500,000,000 may be used by the Secretary during the period described in subparagraph (C) for pharmaceutical expenses relating to the treatment of Hepatitis C. 
‘‘(C) P
ERIOD DESCRIBED .—The period de-
scribed in this subparagraph is the period be-ginning on the date of the enactment of the VA Budget and Choice Improvement Act and ending on October 1, 2015. 
‘‘(D) R
EPORTS .—Not later than 14 days 
after the date of the enactment of the VA Budget and Choice Improvement Act, and not less frequently than once every 14-day period thereafter during the period described in subparagraph (C), the Secretary shall sub-mit to the appropriate congressional com-mittees a report detailing— 
‘‘(i) the amounts used by the Secretary 
pursuant to subparagraphs (A) and (B); and 
‘‘(ii) an identification of such amounts list-
ed by the non-Department provider program for which the amounts were used. 
‘‘(E) D
EFINITIONS .—In this paragraph: 
‘‘(i) The term ‘appropriate congressional 
committees’ means— 
‘‘(I) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs 
and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives; and 
‘‘(II) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs 
and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate. 
‘‘(ii) The term ‘non-Department facilities’ 
has the meaning given that term in section 1701 of title 38, United States Code. 
‘‘(iii) The term ‘non-Department provider 
program’ has the meaning given that term in section 4002(d) of the VA Budget and Choice Improvement Act.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subsection 
(d)(1) of such section is amended by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘(or for hospital care and medical services pursuant to subsection (c)(3) of this sec-tion)’’. 
SEC. 4005. MODIFICATIONS OF VETERANS 
CHOICE PROGRAM. 
(a) I NCREASED PERIOD OF FOLLOW -UP 
CARE.—Subsection (h) of section 101 of the 
Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–146; 38 U.S.C. 1701 note) is amended by striking ‘‘(but for a pe-riod not exceeding 60 days)’’. 
(b) E
XPANSION OF ELIGIBILITY .—Such sec-
tion is further amended— 
(1) by striking paragraph (1) of subsection 
(b) and inserting the following new para-graph: ‘‘(1) the veteran is enrolled in the patient 
enrollment system of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs established and operated under section 1705 of title 38, United States Code, including any such veteran who has not re-ceived hospital care or medical services from the Department and has contacted the De-partment seeking an initial appointment from the Department for the receipt of such care or services; and’’; and 
(2) in subsection (g)(1), by striking ‘‘In the 
case’’ and all that follows through ‘‘, when’’ and insert ‘‘When’’. 
(c) E
XPANSION OF PROVIDERS .—Such section 
is further amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)(1)(B), by adding at the 
end the following new clause: 
‘‘(v) Subject to subsection (d)(5), a health 
care provider not otherwise covered under any of clauses (i) through (iv).’’; and 
(2) in subsection (d), by adding at the end 
the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(5) A
GREEMENTS WITH OTHER PROVIDERS .— 
In accordance with the rates determined pur-suant to paragraph (2), the Secretary may enter into agreements under paragraph (1) for furnishing care and services to eligible veterans under this section with an entity specified in subsection (a)(1)(B)(v) if the enti-ty meets criteria established by the Sec-retary for purposes of this section.’’. 
(d) C
LARIFICATION OF WAITTIMES.—Sub-
paragraph (A) of subsection (b)(2) of such sec-tion is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(A) attempts, or has attempted, to sched-
ule an appointment for the receipt of hos-pital care or medical services under chapter 17 of title 38, United States Code, but is un-able to schedule an appointment within— 
‘‘(i) the wait-time goals of the Veterans 
Health Administration for the furnishing of such care or services; or 
‘‘(ii) with respect to such care or services 
that are clinically necessary, the period de-termined necessary for such care or services if such period is shorter than such wait-time goals;’’. 
(e) M
ODIFICATION OF DISTANCE REQUIRE -
MENT .—Subparagraph (B) of subsection (b)(2) 
of such section is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(B) resides more than 40 miles (as cal-
culated based on distance traveled) from— 
‘‘(i) with respect to a veteran who is seek-
ing primary care, a medical facility of the Department, including a community-based outpatient clinic, that is able to provide such primary care by a full-time primary care physician; or 
‘‘(ii) with respect to a veteran not covered 
under clause (i), the medical facility of the Department, including a community-based outpatient clinic, that is closest to the resi-dence of the veteran;’’. 
SEC. 4006. LIMITATION ON DIALYSIS PILOT PRO-
GRAM. 
(a) L IMITATION .—None of the funds author-
ized to be appropriated or otherwise made available to the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs may be used to expand the dialysis pilot program or to create any new dialysis capa-bility provided by the Department in a facil-ity that is not an initial facility under the dialysis pilot program until— 
(1) an independent analysis of the dialysis 
pilot program is conducted for each such ini-tial facility; 
(2) the Secretary submits to the appro-
priate congressional committees the report under subsection (b); and 
(3) a period of 180 days has elapsed fol-
lowing the date on which the Secretary sub-mits such report. 
(b) R
EPORT .—The Secretary shall submit to 
the appropriate congressional committees a report containing the following: 
(1) The independent analysis described in 
subsection (a)(1). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.017 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5647 July 29, 2015 
(2) A five-year dialysis investment plan ex-
plaining all of the options of the Secretary for delivering dialysis care to veterans, in-cluding how and where such care will be de-livered. 
(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) The term ‘‘appropriate congressional 
committees’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs 
and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives; and 
(B) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs 
and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate. 
(2) The term ‘‘dialysis pilot program’’ 
means the pilot demonstration program ap-proved by the Under Secretary of Veterans Affairs for Health in August 2010 and by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs in September 2010 to provide dialysis care to patients at certain outpatient facilities operated by the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
(3) The term ‘‘initial facility’’ means one 
of the four outpatient facilities identified by the Secretary to participate in the dialysis pilot program prior to the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 4007. AMENDMENTS TO INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE WITH RESPECT TO HEALTH COVERAGE OF VETERANS. 
(a) E XEMPTION IN DETERMINATION OF EM-
PLOYER HEALTH INSURANCE MANDATE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 4980H(c)(2) of the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(F) E
XEMPTION FOR HEALTH COVERAGE  
UNDER TRICARE OR THE VETERANS ADMINISTRA -
TION.—Solely for purposes of determining 
whether an employer is an applicable large employer under this paragraph for any month, an individual shall not be taken into account as an employee for such month if such individual has medical coverage for such month under— 
‘‘(i) chapter 55 of title 10, United States 
Code, including coverage under the TRICARE program, or 
‘‘(ii) under a health care program under 
chapter 17 or 18 of title 38, United States Code, as determined by the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs, in coordination with the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services and the Secretary.’’. 
(2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment 
made by this subsection shall apply to months beginning after December 31, 2013. 
(b) E
LIGIBILITY FOR HEALTH SAVINGS AC-
COUNT NOTAFFECTED BY RECEIPT OF MEDICAL  
CARE FOR SERVICE -CONNECTED DISABILITY .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Section 223(c)(1) of the In-
ternal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subpara-graph: 
‘‘(C) S
PECIAL RULE FOR INDIVIDUALS ELIGI -
BLE FOR CERTAIN VETERANS BENEFITS .—An in-
dividual shall not fail to be treated as an eli-gible individual for any period merely be-cause the individual receives hospital care or medical services under any law administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for a service-connected disability (within the meaning of section 101(16) of title 38, United States Code).’’. 
(2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment 
made by this subsection shall apply to months beginning after December 31, 2015. 
SEC. 4008. EMERGENCY DESIGNATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—This title, except for sec-
tion 4007, is designated as an emergency re-quirement pursuant to section 4(g) of the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010 (2 U.S.C. 933(g)). 
(b) D
ESIGNATION IN SENATE .—In the Senate, 
this title, except for section 4007, is des-ignated as an emergency requirement pursu-ant to section 403(a) of S. Con. Res. 13 (111th Congress), the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2010. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill 
shall be debatable for 1 hour, equally divided among and controlled by the respective chairs and ranking minority members of the Committees on Trans-portation and Infrastructure, Ways and Means, and Veterans’ Affairs. 
The gentleman from Pennsylvania 
(Mr. S
HUSTER ), the gentleman from Or-
egon (Mr. D EFAZIO), the gentleman 
from Wisconsin (Mr. R YAN), the gen-
tleman from Washington (Mr. M
CDERMOTT ), the gentleman from Flor-
ida (Mr. M ILLER ), and the gentlewoman 
from Florida (Ms. B ROWN ) each will 
control 10 minutes. 
The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 
3236 is a 3-month clean extension to the surface transportation legislation. It is the right thing to do. 
It gives the Committee on Transpor-
tation and Infrastructure and the Com-mittee on Ways and Means the time to work out a long-term solution to the surface transportation bill, which we need to pass for the health of this country. 
Importantly, it gives the House of 
Representatives the ability to do its constitutional duty to be heard on im-portant legislation that is important to all 50 States and all 435 congres-sional districts. 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I would 
direct anyone interested in this legisla-tion to my remarks on the 5-month bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I ask all 
435 Members of the House to support H.R. 3236 with a ‘‘yes’’ vote. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
I just want to echo the comments of 
the prior chair. We think this is the right solution. This is very similar to the bill we passed earlier. We believe this gives us the time we need to try and put together a long-term highway solution. That is why we are in favor of this. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, here we are with an-
other short-term extension of the high-way trust fund. It is silly; it is counter-productive. Anybody who knows any-thing knows this is ridiculous. They say we have got to have time to work out a compromise. How many years do you need time? 
When I served in the State legisla-
ture in my home State of Washington, a businessman once told me that businessowners don’t care what the rate is or how long; they just want to know how long they have to deal with something. 
Now, how can businesses do any kind 
of planning in this country when they get 1-, 2-, and 3-month extensions? This is the 25th time that we have done a 
short-term extension of the highway trust fund. Put another way, this is the 25th time the Congress has shirked its responsibility to the taxpayers and businesses to provide reliable transpor-tation infrastructure across this coun-try. 
Now, as I thought about this debate, 
I was reminded of a tube of toothpaste that lays in my bathroom. It is about one-third gone. All of you have one of these at home that is laying there. 
You know what you do; you keep 
squeezing it one more time. You say: Can I get one more brush out of this? Will I get one more? Can I get one more? That is what we have been doing here. We are squeezing the tube one more time. We are going to be back. 
You save your toothpaste because it 
is going to be back; it is going to be back in November or December. We are going to be right back down here squeezing to get a little bit. 
Now, my belief is that it is time that 
we stop this. It is time for a long-term funding bill, and we should have done it this time. 
Now, in order to make this bill even 
worse, they wrap in the toothpaste tube of the Veterans Administration. 
Let’s give a little bit of money here, a little bit of money there; and we will see if we can kind of move it along and then stay out of trouble. We never fix anything here. 
This Congress is the Congress of the 
half-empty toothpaste tube. I will probably vote with everybody else be-cause you don’t want the Veterans Ad-ministration to be having problems and you don’t want the hospital construc-tion to stop. 
We will vote for it, but it is foolish, 
and it is a statement about the failure of the Republican Party to deal with major issues. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
AMJOHNSON ), a member of the 
Committee on Ways and Means. 
Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas. I thank 
the chairman. I come to the floor today to talk about our bill, H.R. 2514, the Help Veterans Save for Health Care Act, which is part of the legislation now before us. 
As a 29-year Air Force veteran and 
former POW, it is no secret I am a proud advocate for America’s veterans. They bravely served our country. They deserve the best care when they return home. Unfortunately, the VA has failed to uphold its end of the bargain. We have been working hard to fix it. 
To add insult to injury, the IRS—yes, 
the IRS—has also let down our vet-erans. Right now, the IRS prohibits veterans from contributing to a health savings account for a period of time if they choose to get care at the VA. 
These health savings accounts enable 
Americans to save and pay for medical expenses; yet, here, we have the IRS standing in the way of veterans, keep-ing them from getting the care they want, need, and deserve. That is wrong. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.017 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5648 July 29, 2015 
Bottom line, veterans shouldn’t have 
to choose between getting care at the VA for a service-connected disability or being able to save for health care, including their families. My bill would allow veterans to do both. 
In closing, I thank my colleagues 
from both sides of the aisle for their support. I would also like to thank the chairman for working with me on this, but most importantly, I want to per-sonally thank each of our veterans who faithfully serve to protect this great Nation. 
Let’s get this done. Mr. M
CDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS). 
b1630 
Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. I 
thank the gentleman from Washington for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I agree with the gen-
tleman. I agree that we are squeezing and squeezing and extending and ex-tending when we know better and we know the difference. We know that we could have a meaningful solution to the problem that we face. We know it. We come and we kick the can a little bit, add a little bit more to it. 
Like him, I am going to vote for it. 
But I am going to vote for it not be-cause I think it is the best approach; I am going to vote for it because I want to see construction crews continue to work. I want to see families who are looking for paychecks be able to con-tinue to get them. 
I am going to vote for it because I 
want to see roads and bridges and high-ways repaired. I want to see veterans be able to go to the doctor and not wonder whether or not the doctor is going to be there to take care of them. 
So, yes, I will vote for it; and I will 
look up and see that we will be back in December voting again, but we do what we have to do. We have to keep Amer-ica working. I will vote for it to keep America working. 
Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. M
CDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Mr. Speaker, let’s review this week. 
When I got on the plane from Seattle, we were supposed to be here on Friday. By the time I landed at Dulles Airport, they had already given away Friday. We weren’t going to have any votes on Friday. So now the week is 1 day short. They continued to ineptly manage this place in such a way, Mr. Speaker, that they are now giving away Thursday. 
Now they want to hurry out of here. 
They want to get out of here. They don’t want the American people to see what they are really doing. 
If you look at this transportation 
issue, what is making us uncompetitive in the rest of the world is that every-where else they are spending money on infrastructure. People know you have to have roads, you have to have high- speed stuff in the ground that will carry a little bit of a message here and 
there. All that wiring, all that stuff that we could be doing, we should be doing. We should be planning. But there isn’t any State that can plan with this kind of a highway bill. 
Now, why aren’t we doing the thing 
today that is right? Well, because the Senate has come up with a great pro-posal. They have a 6-year authoriza-tion, but they come up with 3 years of money. How does a State plan with that? We are authorized for 6 years out to whatever that would be, and we are going to wind up only getting money for 3 years. How do we do bond issues in the State when we don’t know what the Feds are going to do? This kind of plan-ning makes government fail. And it is what the Republicans want: a Federal Government that fails. 
Now, there was a guy named Eisen-
hower. When he became President, he came in and said: You know some-thing? This country needs roads. And he created the entire system. He was a Republican from Kansas, of all places, and he understood what the country needed to move forward. 
People said in the last election what 
we need to do is elect Republicans. By God, if we get Republicans, we will get what we need in this country. Well, I don’t know if they knew what they were voting for, but what they got is a Senate and House that can’t come up with a highway bill. They have been here for 8 months. Everybody knows we need it. The sources of revenue are not mysteries. 
Russell Long used to say about tax-
ation: ‘‘Don’t tax you, don’t tax me, tax that fellow behind the tree.’’ 
We know there is nobody behind the 
tree. We are going to have to raise some taxes to do what is necessary. 
Well, there are those guys that have 
that money overseas. Maybe we can get those guys who have got that overseas money and bring it back and fund this. I guess they are behind the tree. But they also live here, so they are not really behind the tree. 
This argument is going to go on in 
December or whenever this thing ends. It doesn’t really make any difference. We will come back here, and we will get out our toothpaste tube and we will squeeze a little bit more out of it just to see if we can brush our teeth one more time. That is what this is about. We have done it on issue after issue here, and somebody has to call the Re-publican Party on this. 
The American people should under-
stand, they are not serious about run-ning government for the things that af-fect ordinary human beings. A transit system in a State is absolutely impor-tant. As cities get more crowded and more crowded and there is no parking, if you don’t have a transit system that works, you can’t have development. Everybody wants development. 
Where the heck are you going to put 
the development? Out in the bushes? No. You are going to put it in the city where the people live. But if they can’t move around and get to the jobs, you 
have got terrible problems. In every city and everybody’s district, if you have got a city with over 50,000, you have got problems with traffic, and yet we can’t get a transportation bill out of here that goes for more than 3 months. Now, that is pathetic. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, 
I disagree with the gentleman. I think we should pass this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I have no speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, I yield myself 2 minutes. 
First of all, I want to thank the 
chairman for his continued bipartisan work on the Veterans’ Affairs Com-mittee. We all want to do what is best for the veterans, and the chairman has continued to work toward that goal. 
On this past Monday, 62 years after 
the signing of the Korean Armistice Agreement, the committee laid a wreath at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier at Arlington Cemetery in honor of our fallen military members. Today, we need more than a ceremony. We should honor our veterans now by pass-ing H.R. 3236. 
I support this legislation because it 
addresses the $3 million shortfall for fiscal year 2015 at the VA and keeps hospitals and medical facilities open for our veterans through the end of the fiscal year. Let me repeat that. It will allow the VA to keep hospitals and clinics open for our veterans through the end of this fiscal year. 
This legislation allows the VA to use 
$3.348 billion that was appropriated for the Choice Program to use for non-VA care, to pay for health care provided to veterans and family members under the programs provided by non-VA pro-viders from May 1 to October 1, 2015. The VA has completed more than 56 million appointments between June 1, 2014, and May 31, 2015. That is 2.6 mil-lion more than the same time last year. 
H.R. 3236 allows the VA to access $3 
billion from the Choice fund and $348 million from other unobligated ac-counts. Of that amount, $500 million may be used for pharmaceutical ex-penses related to the treatment of hep-atitis C at the VA. This is a cure that many of our veterans need, especially those who served in Vietnam. 
Three times in this fiscal year, the 
Secretary has testified before the VA committee, and he has consistently been asking for the authority to run the VA like a business. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. I reserve the 
balance of my time. 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. I yield 2 min-
utes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. B
ISHOP ). 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. I thank the 
gentlewoman for yielding. 
I want to thank Chairman M ILLER of 
the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Ranking Member B
ROWN , and, of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JY7.065 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5649 July 29, 2015 
course, Chairman D ENT, who chairs the 
Appropriations MILCON–VA Sub-committee, where I serve as ranking member. 
Today, this body is debating text 
within the highway bill to address the Department of Veterans Affairs’ $3 bil-lion budget shortfall for veterans’ health care in FY 2015. Without this legislation, the VA could run out of money by September. Costs have ex-ploded by more than 10 percent in the last year as a result of higher demand, while the budget increased by only 2.8 percent. 
Additionally, costs for treatments 
have increased. For example, due to the new lifesaving hepatitis C medicine costing as much as $1,000 for a single pill, the VA’s $700 million FY 2015 budget for hepatitis C has already been exceeded with more than 2 months left in the fiscal year. 
This situation is a prime example of 
how the sequester caps imposed by the Budget Control Act and locked in by the Republican budget constrain our ability to deal with issues responsibly and in a timely manner. It is well past time that we come to the table to break the cycle of irresponsible fund-ing levels that are shortchanging our veterans’ health care. 
While the House-passed FY 2016 
MILCON–VA Appropriations bill adds $970 million for VA medical care ad-vance appropriations within the FY 2015 bill, the amount still remains $330 million below the VA request, most likely leading to another budget short-fall in FY 2016. Today’s bill is only a Band-Aid, a temporary solution, be-cause of budget caps. 
To be clear, if we continue to ignore 
the new reality of increased demand and higher costs, delivery of healthcare services to millions of currently en-rolled veterans will be devastated for the foreseeable future. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. I yield the 
gentleman an additional 30 seconds. 
Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. If Congress 
continues to function under these budgets caps, we will see more gaps in access, utilization, safety, and, ulti-mately, a lower standard of care. Even further, the caps limit Congress’ op-tions to create jobs, keep our commu-nities safe, research lifesaving medical treatments, and give our children a better education. 
I urge Members to vote for this bill 
to ensure that veterans continue to re-ceive the care which they have earned, but we cannot continue to govern in this fashion. Today, we must take the next step towards a more responsible budgeting process so we can eventually stop lurching from one crisis to the next. To do so, the budget caps must be directly addressed in order to properly invest in veterans’ health care as well as advance other priorities assisting hard-working Americans. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Chair-
man, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BROWN of Florida. I yield 2 min-
utes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. B
LUMENAUER ). 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the gentlewoman for yielding. 
It is a little frustrating as we watch 
these disparate subjects lumped to-gether on the floor with truncated de-bate. I want to speak to just one ele-ment that we are discussing here today, and that deals with the exten-sion of transportation funding. 
The passage of this bill will represent 
the 34th short-term extension of the surface transportation bill. What coun-try became great building its infra-structure 8 months at a time? 6 months at a time? a year at a time? It is a fail-ure on the part of Congress to be able to understand that you cannot pay for 2015 infrastructure needs with 1993 dol-lars—the last time we adjusted the user fee, the gas tax that supports the highway trust fund. 
b1645 
I do see a little tiny glimmer of day-
light with the 3-month extension. I have personally been urging the Presi-dent to indicate that this is the last ex-tension that he will sign. 
The House Ways and Means Com-
mittee could pass a funding measure in a week if we would roll up our sleeves. We have legislation there that is sup-ported by the U.S. Chamber, AFL–CIO, by truckers, transit, the AAA, a wide array of people who say: Step up, raise our user fee, fund the transportation system, and do it right. 
We used to have the finest infrastruc-
ture in the world. Now, we are about 25th in the world and falling further. 
If the Ways and Means Committee 
would spend a week listening to the people who build, maintain, operate, and use our infrastructure, we could come to a resolution. 
Ronald Reagan’s approach was to 
raise the user fee 125 percent in 1982. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
time of the gentleman has expired. 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. I yield the 
gentleman an additional 30 seconds. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. If we did our 
job, sending clear signals about trans-portation funding, the appropriating committee, the T&I, if they knew what they were working with, could come forth with a bill easily in 2 months, so we wouldn’t have to continue this cha-rade. 
We could put hundreds of thousands 
of people to work at family-wage jobs in every city around the country; we would meet our obligations, and we would stop this shameful exercise of abrogating our responsibility to re-build and renew. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
how much time do I have, sir? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tlewoman from Florida has 3 minutes remaining. 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I believe that the Secretary needs 
that authority. In addition to solving the fiscal crisis, this bill will enable the Secretary to run VA more like a business, and that, Mr. Speaker, means a more efficient VA and better care for our veterans. 
In closing, I urge my colleagues to 
support this legislation to ensure that our veterans are taken care of. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself the balance of my time. 
Mr. Speaker, only 2 weeks ago, bur-
ied in a letter from the Deputy Sec-retary, the Department of Veterans Af-fairs made a startling announcement. That announcement was, unless Con-gress intervened, the VA healthcare system would shut down in August, due to a massive budget shortfall that re-sulted from larger than anticipated de-mand for non-VA care and increased costs for hepatitis C treatment. 
A VA healthcare system shutdown 
would be an unprecedented event in these United States’ history. The possi-bility of a shutdown was never men-tioned, even once, during a hearing that I called in late June, where VA first publicly admitted its budget trou-bles, or during any of the four times that Secretary McDonald testified be-fore Congress this year or anywhere in the quarterly financial plan that VA submitted in March, showing that VA was operating under budget so far this fiscal year. 
Once again, this Congress comes to 
rescue a mismanaged Department of Veterans Affairs. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, today, H.R. 
3236 will come to the floor of the House with a critical 3 month extension to the Highway Trust fund as well as changes to Department of Veterans Affairs’ spending authorities. In particular, it contains changes to the Veterans Affairs’ Choice Program that I believe are very important for Guam. It expands eligibility for the program and codifies some of the changes that the VA has made since the inception of the program to make it more accessible to vet-erans in rural or isolated communities and re-duces some barriers to timely care. 
Though this bill is a good step towards bet-
ter care for our veterans, there are many more improvements that I will continue to work for with my colleagues and the VA. There is still a need for greater flexibility in the reimburse-ment rate to health care providers which could be an issue on Guam in the near future. Fur-ther, there is a need to improve the methods in which our veterans and their records can move back and forth between VA and non-VA providers. Additionally, though I would have preferred to see additional appropriations to cover the shortfall in the other programs that are covering non-VA provided care for our vet-erans, I have been assured that the move-ment of funds within the VA accounts will not negatively affect the care our veterans are re-ceiving through the Choice Program and that the transfer is temporary. I will continue to urge the Obama Administration to provide adequate funding for all VA programs, but par-ticularly the Choice program which has a lot of interest and support on Guam. The Choice 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K29JY7.067 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5650 July 29, 2015 
program has the ability to, in the long-term, 
address some of the systemic issues to VA care in isolated areas of the country. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time 
for debate has expired. 
Pursuant to House Resolution 388, 
the previous question is ordered on the bill. 
The question is on the engrossment 
and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 385, nays 34, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 486] 
YEAS—385 
Abraham 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Ashford Babin Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook 
Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte 
Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) 
King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch MacArthur Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan 
Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus 
Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) 
Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—34 
Amash 
Amodei Barletta Beyer Bridenstine Buck Byrne Clark (MA) DeGette Garrett Gosar Grothman Hice, Jody B. 
Jones Lummis McClintock McDermott Moulton Mulvaney Neugebauer Pearce Perry Polis Renacci Ribble 
Rice (SC) Salmon Sanford Scott (VA) Sensenbrenner Visclosky Walker Weber (TX) Welch 
ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—1 
McCollum 
NOT VOTING—13 
Brooks (IN) 
Carney Carter (TX) Clawson (FL) Cooper Costa 
Labrador Levin Lujan Grisham 
(NM) Moore 
Peters Price (NC) Whitfield 
b1731 
Mr. WALKER and Ms. CLARK of 
Massachusetts changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Messrs. HONDA, HOYER, RICH-
MOND, CLYBURN, ISRAEL, CLEAVER, KILDEE, JOHNSON of 
Georgia, and YOHO changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
Stated for: Mr. COOPER. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 
486, I was unavoidably detained in DC traffic while returning from a meeting at the White House. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 
486, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, 
unfortunately, due to circumstances beyond my control, I regretfully missed rollcall vote 486 on July 29th. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to 
be present for a vote taken on the House floor today, as I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye’’ on rollcall Vote No. 486. 
f 
VA ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to House Resolution 388 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 1994. 
Will the gentleman from Georgia 
(Mr. C
ARTER ) kindly resume the chair. 
b1733 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 1994) to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the removal or de-motion of employees of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs based on per-formance or misconduct, and for other purposes, with Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia 
(Acting Chair) in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-
mittee of the Whole rose earlier today, a request for a recorded vote on amend-ment No. 2 printed in House Report 114–234 offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ) had been post-
poned. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . TAKANO  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, the unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
The Clerk will redesignate the 
amendment. 
The Clerk redesignated the amend-
ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote 
has been demanded. 
A recorded vote was ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.018 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5651 July 29, 2015 
The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- 
minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 191, noes 233, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 487] 
AYES—191 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge 
Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Jolly Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan 
Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters 
Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (AK) Zinke 
NOES—233 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) 
Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) 
Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx 
Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas 
Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) 
Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—9 
Brooks (IN) Carney Carter (TX) Clawson (FL) Franks (AZ) 
Granger Labrador Levin Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). 
There is 1 minute remaining. 
b1737 
So the amendment was rejected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
Stated against: Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. Mr. Chair, on roll-
call No. 487, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. 
The Acting CHAIR. Under the rule, 
the Committee rises. 
Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
ULTGREN ) having assumed the chair, 
Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Acting Chair of 
the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under con-sideration the bill (H.R. 1994) to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the removal or demotion of employ-ees of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs based on performance or mis-
conduct, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 388, he reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the rule, the previous question is or-dered. 
Is a separate vote demanded on the 
amendment to the amendment re-ported from the Committee of the Whole? 
If not, the question is on the com-
mittee amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I have a 
motion to recommit at the desk. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the 
gentleman opposed to the bill? 
Mr. TAKANO. I am opposed. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. 
The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Takano moves to recommit the bill 
H.R. 1994 to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith, with the fol-lowing amendments 
Page 6, beginning on line 19, strike para-
graph (1) and insert the following: 
‘‘(1) The Secretary may not remove or de-
mote an individual, including veterans who make up nearly one-third of the Depart-ment’s workforce, under subsection (a) if the individual has filed a whistleblower com-plaint, as such term is defined in section 731 of this title, or if the individual is seeking corrective action (or on behalf of whom cor-rective action is sought) from the Office of Special Counsel or the Inspector General based on— 
‘‘(A) an alleged threat to the health or 
safety of the public; or 
‘‘(B) an alleged prohibited personnel prac-
tice described in section 2302(b) of title 5.’’. 
Page 7, line 3, strike ‘‘In the case’’ and in-
sert ‘‘Except as provided in paragraph (1), in the case’’. 
Mr. TAKANO (during the reading). 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to the rule, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1994 
makes the VA an at-will workplace, violating longstanding Supreme Court precedent regarding constitutional due process rights and threatening to si-lence the whistleblowers by creating a culture of fear and intimidation at the VA. 
The Republican bill would allow the 
VA to immediately fire employees for poor performance, making it easier for bad managers to immediately fire 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JY7.071 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5652 July 29, 2015 
whistleblowers who report wrongdoing, 
while providing hardly any opportunity for employees to appeal. 
My friends, this is wrong. This means doctors, nurses, police of-
ficers, and so many others can be fired at will and with insufficient recourse. Hard-working, loyal employees who are doing everything in their power to treat the incredible needs of our Na-tion’s veterans—fired at will. Let me remind you that one-third of all VA employees are veterans. That is more than 100,000 veterans’ livelihoods being put at risk. 
This is wrong. Are there problems with some VA 
employees? Of course there are. The VA has a process to remove these em-ployees. In fact, during the 1-year pe-riod from July 1, 2014, through July 30, 2015, the VA removed 872 permanent employees, and an additional 487 em-ployees resigned or retired in lieu of being removed. The VA has also termi-nated 958 probationary employees. For employees accused of harming vet-erans’ health or safety, the substitute amendment I offered earlier would have allowed for their expedited firing. 
Instead of gutting the due process 
rights of VA employees, we should be providing a fair and constitutionally sound expedited removal process, and we should encourage the VA to use the disciplinary tools it already has at its disposal. 
b1745 
We all know the critical role that 
whistleblowers played in exposing the shocking misconduct at the Phoenix VA, but the Republican bill strips away all current whistleblower protections available to Federal employees under Federal law. That is wrong. 
Under the Republican bill, any whis-
tleblower who has not filed an official complaint can be fired before they even have the opportunity to report danger to patient safety, wrongdoing, malfea-sance, or discrimination. That is wrong. 
The Republican whistleblower provi-
sions will encourage bad employees to file for whistleblower status to prevent them from being fired. This will over-burden the Office of Special Counsel with frivolous complaints. That is wrong. 
The Republican bill does the opposite 
of what it claims to do for whistle-blowers. It offers them no protection. In fact, it will let bad employees hide behind whistleblower status to keep from being fired. That is crazy. 
My final amendment protects the 
employees who are willing to risk it all to expose flaws and abuses in this sys-tem. 
If there is anybody we must protect 
from being fired at will without re-course or retaliation, it is the brave men and women with the courage to stand up and expose the VA’s biggest vulnerability. 
With all due respect, I say to my col-
leagues anyone who votes against my motion to protect whistleblowers from 
being fired should themselves be fired. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time.. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise in opposition to the motion to re-commit. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. 
Last year, almost this very same 
time in a bill-signing ceremony, the President of the United States said this: ‘‘If you engage in an unethical practice, if you cover up a serious prob-lem, you should be fired, period.’’ It should not be that difficult. 
This is a bad motion to recommit. I 
urge my Members to vote it down. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion to recommit. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I demand 
a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-
ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 5-minute vote on the motion to re-commit will be followed by 5-minute votes on passage of the bill, if ordered, and agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—ayes 184, noes 241, not voting 8, as follows: 
[Roll No. 488] 
AYES—184 
Adams 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley 
Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) 
Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Maloney, Sean Matsui 
McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney 
Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) 
Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond 
Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier 
Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—241 
Abraham 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert 
Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers 
McSally Meadows Meehan 
Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JY7.074 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5653 July 29, 2015 
Tipton 
Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi 
Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack 
Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NOT VOTING—8 
Brooks (IN) 
Carney Carter (TX) Clawson (FL) 
Israel Labrador Levin 
Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during 
the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. 
b1754 
So the motion to recommit was re-
jected. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the passage of the bill. 
The question was taken; and the 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
5-minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic de-
vice, and there were—yeas 256, nays 170, not voting 7, as follows: 
[Roll No. 489] 
YEAS—256 
Abraham 
Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney 
Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Dold Donovan Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill 
Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Rodgers McSally 
Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) 
Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman 
Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
NAYS—170 
Adams 
Bass Beatty Becerra Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
F. 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier 
Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
F. 
Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gallego Garamendi Grayson 
Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray 
(NM) 
Lynch Maloney, 
Carolyn 
Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke 
Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
T. 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
Schultz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—7 
Brooks (IN) 
Carney Carter (TX) Clawson (FL) 
Labrador Levin Lujan Grisham 
(NM) 
b1801 
So the bill was passed. 
The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on 
the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, on 
Wednesday, July 29, 2015, I missed a series of rollcall votes. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcalls 486 and 489. I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcalls 487 and 488. 
f 
THE JOURNAL 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
EMMER of Minnesota). The unfinished 
business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. 
The question is on the Speaker’s ap-
proval of the Journal. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-
nal stands approved. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT FROM WEDNES-
DAY, JULY 29, 2015, TO FRIDAY, JULY 31, 2015 
Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 1 p.m. on Friday, July 31, 2015. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Ohio? 
There was no objection. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
Mr. COOPER. Mr. Speaker, on roll-
call No. 486, I was unavoidably detained and missed the vote. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
f 
TEEN CHALLENGE OF ARIZONA 
(Ms. M CSALLY asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
recognize Teen Challenge of Arizona and congratulate them on 50 years of serving our community and those in need. 
Teen Challenge is a faith-based resi-
dential recovery program for substance abusers. It is often a last resort for those struggling with drug addiction and other problems. 
Over the last 50 years, Teen Chal-
lenge of Arizona has helped an esti-mated 25,000 people through recovery programs. Their success rate is an as-tonishing 80 percent, a testament to their committed and caring approach. 
While I served at Davis-Monthan Air 
Force Base in Tucson, I was a board member of Teen Challenge of Arizona, and I saw the difference they make 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.021 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5654 July 29, 2015 
firsthand. I was especially privileged to 
work with the Springboard Home for Youth in Crisis, a place that provides hope and healing for troubled girls in southern Arizona. 
Not many organizations can say they 
have had the impact that Teen Chal-lenge of Arizona has had. It was an honor to be able to contribute to their success. I wish them a happy 50th anni-versary and many years of continuing success serving our community. They are literally changing and saving lives every single day. 
f 
PATCHWORK EXTENSIONS AREN’T 
GOOD ENOUGH 
(Ms. NORTON asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, 2 weeks 
ago, 65 Republicans joined 54 Demo-crats in voting ‘‘no’’ on the extension of the highway bill to register their disgust with 33 extensions while the Republican Congress then did zero work on a long-term bill. 
There are now four long-term Demo-
cratic bills and one bipartisan bill. However, today’s 34th patchwork ex-tension cannot be applied to even start on the Nation’s backlog without assur-ance of funds to complete construction. Yet House Republicans have now fled for an early vacation. 
Eighteen States and the District of 
Columbia have passed State user gas fee laws without retaliation by the vot-ers, but the federal share is more than half of the funds needed just to get started. 
The only way to stop the self-in-
flicted deterioration of our once mag-nificent infrastructure is to man up and pass a long-term bill. 
f 
H.R. 1994 CONTAINS COMMONSENSE 
REFORMS 
(Mr. L AMALFA asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) 
Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to thank Chairman J EFFMILLER  
and the members of the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs for their work in helping pass H.R. 1994, which passed the House today. The measure contains commonsense reforms so that any VA employee who engages in misconduct or is performing poorly can be termi-nated or demoted. 
I am also very pleased that H.R. 1994 
contains additional important protec-tions for VA whistleblowers. We have worked with several of them over the last couple years out of the Oakland of-fice and other centers that have been retaliated against for speaking out about gross mismanagement and pos-sible violations of law. 
This is a very important covenant we 
would have with our whistleblowers so they could come forward and help us to have better VA performance. It is very critical we have the ability for them to 
come forward. 
I am glad that we have this measure 
here. I hope the Senate will take it up and pass it so we have better service for our veterans through the VA. 
f 
REMEMBERING GWENDOLYN 
STRONG 
(Mrs. CAPPS asked and was given 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today with a heavy heart to honor the life of Gwendolyn DeBard Strong, who passed away this past Saturday after a heroic, inspiring battle with spinal muscular atrophy. 
Simply put, she is our hero. Gwen-
dolyn died a few months short of her eighth birthday, far exceeding the odds that were given to her at birth. In her short life, she had more of an impact and brought more joy to others than many ever could in their lifetime. 
Gwendolyn’s life was spent on the 
same things many young girls do— playing princesses with friends, going to school, and spending time with her sister. 
She and her family also used their 
voice to improve the lives of all of us. The Strongs worked hard to end life-time and annual caps on insurance cov-erage, improve spinal muscular atro-phy research, and promote innovations to make the lives of other children with debilitating diseases a little easi-er. 
She and her incredible family taught 
those of us in Santa Barbara and around the country that we should never give up. Thanks to her bravery and the efforts of Bill and Victoria, we never will. 
I am honored to have known her and 
take solace in knowing that her efforts will continue to help so many others. 
We miss you, Gwendolyn, but want 
you to know we will never give up. 
f 
LANCE CORPORAL SQUIRE WELLS 
(Mr. LOUDERMILK asked and was 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Speaker, this 
last Sunday, my family and I attended church at the First Baptist Church of Woodstock in Woodstock, Georgia. 
It is not the first time we ever at-
tended that church, as we have wor-shipped there before; but it is possibly the most memorable time that I will have attended that church because it was at this service that we were having the funeral of Lance Corporal Squire Wells, who is known to his friends and family as Skip. Skip was the youngest of those who were killed in the ter-rorist attack in Chattanooga. 
As we were driving to the church, Mr. 
Speaker, as we were still miles away from the church, along the sides of the road, we began to see American citi-zens, citizens of the 11th Congressional 
District lining the road, holding Amer-ican flags and Marine Corps flags. As we approached closer to the church, the hundreds of people turned into thousands of people. 
As we arrived at the church, nearly 
500 members of the Patriot Guard Rid-ers, Marine Corps League, the VFW, and the American Legion were stand-ing, lining the sidewalks of this church, bearing American flags to say good-bye and to say thank you to a pa-triot. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to also say 
thank you to Skip Wells—Lance Cor-poral Wells. Although, to my knowl-edge, we never met in person, I didn’t know him personally, but I do know the type of person he is because he was a marine, which told me that he held to the highest standards of decorum and morale and integrity. 
He was a Christian who served faith-
fully in the First Baptist Church of Woodstock, which tells me he had a heart of charity and love. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to say thank you 
to Skip Wells for laying down his life for my freedom, the freedom of my children, and my granddaughter. I want to say thank you to Ms. Cathy Wells, his mom, for raising such a fine person as a single mom raising her only child, who has given his life in de-fense of this Nation. 
Lastly, Mr. Speaker, I want to thank 
the thousands of people from my dis-trict who came out and honored the life of this American patriot. 
f 
DON’T LEAVE THE EX-IM BANK IN 
A ZOMBIELIKE STATE 
(Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York asked and was given permis-sion to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New 
York. Mr. Speaker, this Chamber is doing a great disservice to small-busi-ness owners and to hundreds of thou-sands of American workers by going off to recess for the next 6 weeks without renewing the charter of the U.S. Ex-port-Import Bank. It is the wrong thing to do. 
Sadly, the minority of ideologues in 
this Chamber that is blocking the re-newal of the Ex-Im’s charter is abso-lutely right about one thing. If the U.S. Ex-Im goes under, all the export business and all the jobs supported by it will be just displaced to other com-panies. 
What they don’t mention in their 
rants against the Bank is that the companies that will get this business will be in other countries and the workers who get those good-paying jobs will be overseas because there are 
some 85 foreign export credit agencies today happy to help the companies in their countries seal the deal. 
We are leaving thousands of Amer-
ican workers at a real competitive dis-advantage by leaving the U.S. Export- Import Bank in a zombielike status. 
We should renew it. We should keep 
these jobs in America. We should put more Americans to work. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JY7.080 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5655 July 29, 2015 
b1815 
HONORING NAVY PETTY OFFICER 
SECOND CLASS RANDALL SMITH 
(Mr. GRAVES of Georgia asked and 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Speak-
er, I rise today to honor Navy Petty Of-ficer Second Class Randall Smith, who was killed on July 16 during the ter-rorist attack in Chattanooga. 
Randall, who lived with his wife, 
Angie, and their three young daughters in Rossville, Georgia, was a model of selfless service. He was a devoted and loving husband and father who prioritized his family above all else. 
Besides his military service, he was 
an active volunteer, giving back through charities like Stuff the Truck, the Chattanooga Area Food Bank, and providing rescue assistance during Hur-ricane Sandy. And less than 2 weeks ago, he made the ultimate sacrifice while serving our country. Randall’s selfless sacrifice, sense of duty, and sacrifice serve as an example for all of us. 
A sign at the entrance to the neigh-
borhood where the Smith family lives sums up what I think many are feeling right now. It reads: ‘‘Thank you for your service. Sorry for your loss. You will be remembered.’’ 
I know that our community in north-
west Georgia is forever grateful for Randall Smith’s service and sacrifice. May God bless Angie and their three wonderful, beautiful daughters. 
f 
ADA’S 25TH ANNIVERSARY 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
ANGEVIN ) is recognized for 
60 minutes as the designee of the mi-nority leader. 
Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, before 
I begin my remarks, it is my pleasure to yield to the gentleman from Mary-land (Mr. H
OYER ), the distinguished mi-
nority whip. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman 
for yielding. 
First, let me mention the extraor-
dinary respect I have for the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
ANGEVIN ). 
I had the honor of sponsoring the 
Americans with Disabilities Act in 1989 and 1990. We passed it in 1990, and it was signed by then-President George H.W. Bush. It was called the Americans with Disabilities Act, Mr. Speaker, but in many ways it should have been called the Americans with Abilities Act. It should have been called that be-cause its intent was to focus on what people could do, what people would do, what people wanted to do. 
Mr. L
ANGEVIN is a perfect example of 
an extraordinary person with great ability who has a wheelchair. He has a wheelchair because he has a mobility impairment that others of us don’t have. But as we have seen in serving with our colleague J
IMLANGEVIN from 
Rhode Island, he is extraordinarily able and he represents his constituency with great energy, with great intellect, and with great integrity. So I am pleased to join him in this Special Order. 
We had introduced a resolution, but 
it is not the practice of the House to bring commemorative resolutions to the floor. So we do this Special Order in addition to what we would have hoped would have been the passage of a resolution, but I understand that is the practice. 
The Senate did in fact pass a resolu-
tion, sponsored by O
RRIN HATCH , PATRI-
CIAMURRAY from Washington State, 
and L AMAR ALEXANDER , commemo-
rating 25 years of progress on the inclu-sion of those with a challenge that oth-ers might not have in our society, all that our society offers and the opportu-nities that it offers. 
Mr. Speaker, I have spoken on nu-
merous occasions over this last week commemorating the ADA, and I have mentioned a number of names. I would like to do that on the floor of this House, because they were people who were absolutely critical. It is not a comprehensive list. It is, however, a list of people with whom I worked very closely for well over a year on the pas-sage of the ADA. 
First, I would like to mention Presi-
dent George H.W. Bush. This issue was not a partisan issue. President Bush was a Republican; I was a Democrat— and still am. I worked with an extraor-dinary Republican Member of the House. His name was Steve Bartlett. He was from Texas. He left the House and became mayor of Dallas. He is now still in Washington, working, and we are partners. Every time something happens with respect to the ADA, Steve Bartlett and I work together on it. 
Dave Capozzi and Tony Coelho. Tony 
Coelho, a Member of this body, was a person perceived with the disease of epilepsy, but he is one of the most able people that any of us know. Tony Coel-ho, along with Lowell Weicker, were the original two sponsors of the Ameri-cans with Disabilities Act. 
Justin Dart. In 1983, Justin Dart vis-
ited every State in the Union in his wheelchair, calling attention to State legislatures, Governors, and others of the importance of ensuring the accessi-bility of places of opportunity for those with disabilities. Yoshiko Dart, his wife, was with him every step of the way and was with us as we worked for the passage of the Americans with Dis-abilities Act. 
And then we have an extraordinary 
legislator—one of the best legislators that I have served with, Mr. Speaker— Bob Dole, a Republican from Kansas, majority and minority leader of the United States Senate. Mr. Speaker, when he came to the Senate of the United States, his first speech was about including those with disabilities. He observed that he was an involun-tary member of those with disabilities 
as a result of his extraordinary war wounds in Italy in World War II. 
We have Chai Feldblum, who is now 
on the EEOC and a professor at George-town Law School. She was counsel to myself and Steve Bartlett as we consid-ered the complex issues and tried to make sure that ADA could be imple-mented by all in a way that was afford-able and reasonable for them. 
We then have Lex Frieden, who is the 
executive director of the National Council on Disabilities, who worked so closely with us. Also, Boyden Gray, counsel to George Bush, who was a critical ally in this effort. 
Then we have a giant in this effort, 
Senator Tom Harkin from Iowa, who, after Lowell Weicker left, was the prin-cipal sponsor of the ADA and fought hard and effectively on its behalf. 
O
RRIN HATCH and Ted Kennedy. Sen-
ator Kennedy and Senator H ATCH were 
partners in so many different things, but on this they were aligned and made this bipartisan effort a very successful one. 
Also, Arlene Mayerson; Paul 
Marchand; former Congressman and now Senator E
DMARKEY ; Senator J OHN 
MCCAIN; Congressman Norman Mineta; 
Ralph Neas; Katie Neas; Carolyn Osolinik; Becky Ogle; Lee Page; Liz Savage; Bobby Silverstein. Like Me-lissa Schulman who was my chief staff-er as we considered the Americans with Disabilities Act, Bobby Silverstein was Tom Harkin’s chief staffer. 
J
IMSENSENBRENNER , our colleague 
today. Congressman S ENSENBRENNER  
was so critical, along with his wife, Cheryl Sensenbrenner, who, herself, suffered from a disability and showed such courage in encouraging all of us to support the Americans with Disabil-ities Act. 
I mentioned Lowell Weicker. Lowell 
Weicker was a Senator from Con-necticut and then Governor of Con-necticut; Bob Williams, who was an ex-traordinary individual who worked so hard; John Wodatch; and last, but cer-tainly not least, Patricia Wright. 
There were literally, Mr. Speaker, 
thousands of others, many of whom will not be known but who came here to the Congress of the United States, wrote their Members, called them up, and came to town meetings and forums on behalf of those with disabilities. 
The Americans with Disabilities Act 
is now used as a sample and has been adopted in some 50 countries through-out the world, perhaps more. There is a disabilities rights convention, which is pending. Only three countries in the world have not signed on to that con-vention. Unfortunately, we are one. I would hope that the Senate would do that in this Congress. Senator Bob Dole has been an extraordinary pro-ponent of that convention. 
So, Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join 
my friend, J
AMES LANGEVIN , who has 
been a beneficiary of the Americans with Disabilities Act and the reason-able accommodations that we ask to be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JY7.083 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5656 July 29, 2015 
effected so that J IMLANGEVIN could get 
through the door, could get on the ele-vator, could get into this Chamber. And, Mr. Speaker, there is a lift on the rostrum on which you now sit so that J
AMES LANGEVIN would be able to pre-
side, if that were in order. In fact, he has been up there and has presided. That is called a reasonable accommo-dation. And because of those reason-able accommodations, this Congress, his State, and our country have been advantaged. 
Mr. Speaker, I think when we end our 
careers, most of us who were involved in the adoption of the Americans with Disabilities Act will look back on the adoption of it overwhelmingly by this Congress in a bipartisan fashion and the signing of that act by President George Bush as one of our most impor-tant contributions and achievements during our service in the Congress of the United States. 
I thank Mr. L
ANGEVIN for his extraor-
dinary example for all those in our country to look at the abilities, not the disabilities. 
Mr. LANGEVIN. I thank the gen-
tleman. Let me express my profound gratitude to the distinguished gen-tleman from Maryland (Mr. H
OYER ), 
the distinguished minority whip, for his kind words, Mr. Speaker, but most especially because of his extraordinary commitment and the work that he put in, along with countless others, to ac-tually pass the Americans with Dis-abilities Act and seeing it signed into law. 
As the gentleman from Maryland 
stated, Mr. Speaker, that law has had a profound impact on my life and on countless other lives—and will for gen-erations to come. I thank the gen-tleman for his extraordinary work. 
Let me also thank the extraordinary 
list of individuals that the distin-guished gentleman from Maryland just read off, some of whom I have had the absolute distinct honor and privilege to meet and to thank personally, and many of whom I will never have the privilege of actually knowing or meet-ing personally because many have also passed on. 
b1830 
They made an extraordinary dif-
ference in the lives of millions of peo-ple, as I said, both now and in future generations to come; and it is with pro-found gratitude that I thank them for their work. 
Mr. Speaker, this past Sunday 
marked the 25th anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act, a tre-mendous milestone for one of the most significant civil rights laws of the 20th century. 
As a Member of Congress, as co-chair 
of the Bipartisan Disabilities Caucus and someone who has lived with the challenges of a disability, both before and after the ADA’s enactment in 1990, I have experienced firsthand the pro-found changes that this law has af-fected within our society. When I was paralyzed at the age of 
16, my life changed forever. As I lay in my hospital bed, I wondered what life could possibly have in store for me next, but I drew strength and inspira-tion from other people with disabilities who had accomplished both great things and small. They taught me that there was life after a disability. 
I was also incredibly fortunate to 
have the support of my family and my community, whose generosity and con-cern ultimately made me want to give back to Rhode Island through a career in public service, but accessibility was not yet considered a civil right at that time, and I know many people with dis-abilities were not as fortunate as I was. 
So many passionate advocates and 
champions like Mr. H
OYER fought for 
the rights and protections enshrined in this law. For all of us, the ADA has been a profoundly life-altering act that has provided new opportunities and fundamentally changed the way soci-ety views and treats people with dis-abilities. 
The ADA has broken down physical 
and psychological barriers. It has opened up opportunities to education, employment, and technology. It has made public transportation more ac-commodating, improved voting accessi-bility, and expanded inclusion and jus-tice for millions. 
At its core, this groundbreaking leg-
islation codified the correct collective ideal that no one should suffer dis-crimination because of a disability. 
Mr. Speaker, it was with this same 
conviction that I was pleased to sup-port the passage of the ADA Amend-ments Act in 2008, after a number of court decisions diluted the definition of what constituted a disability. 
When that law was signed into effect, 
I had the privilege of being with Mr. H
OYER and several of the other cham-
pions of the Americans with Disabil-ities Act, the original enactment, original authors of the ADA, including Senator Harkin and Cheryl Sensen-brenner. 
I also had the privilege of meeting 
President George H.W. Bush and be with his son, President George W. Bush, as President George W. Bush signed that bill into law. It was such an honor for me to be able to personally thank President George H.W. Bush per-sonally for his support and leadership in seeing the original ADA signed into law. 
Now, when the ADA Amendments 
Act was passed, these rulings, effec-tively, the Court rulings that took place necessitating this act effectively limited the ADA’s coverage and ex-cluded people with disabling conditions that were not readily visible or appar-ent, like epilepsy, MS, and various de-velopmental disabilities. 
The ADA Amendments Act re-
affirmed the protections of the ADA and upheld the ideals of equality and opportunity on which this country was founded. As a result of these efforts, I am proud that future generations will live in a world that is more inclusive, 
more accessible, and increasingly rec-ognizes the unique talents and abilities of individuals with disabilities. 
As we celebrate our accomplish-
ments, so must we recognize that our work is not finished. Equal employ-ment opportunities and fully inte-grated community living have not yet been entirely realized. 
In fact, recent data shows that 31 per-
cent of disabled individuals live below the poverty line, and less than 34 per-cent are fully employed. 
Mr. Speaker, as a nation, we can do 
better, and we must. It is more impor-tant than ever that we educate busi-nesses and connect them with proper resources to create more employment opportunities. Many people with dis-abilities have both the desire and the capability to work, as well as excep-tional talents to offer. 
Mr. Speaker, let us not see those tal-
ents go to waste. I have often said, Mr. Speaker, that people with disabilities are still one of this Nation’s greatest untapped resources, and we need to tap into that talent to see our Nation grow even further. 
Mr. Speaker, their divergent back-
grounds, unique experiences and wide- ranging talents promote a culture of diversity that doesn’t just play a role in the workplace, but also influences the very nature of our society. With proper awareness, accommodation, and investment, our economy and society can reap countless rewards. 
We must also ensure that transpor-
tation is available and accessible to ev-eryone so that they can get to their jobs, the doctor, or the grocery store. 
I have often said that it doesn’t do 
anyone any good if they can actually apply for a job and get the job, but can’t get to the job, so that needs to improve. 
To help us realize this goal, I have in-
troduced the Transit Accessibility In-novation Act, legislation that would create a competitive grant program to encourage transit systems to make public transportation more accessible and user friendly. 
Mr. Speaker, accessible public trans-
portation is essential in order for peo-ple with disabilities to live independ-ently and with full inclusion in their communities. By improving these serv-ices, we can improve the quality of life for countless individuals and families. 
Mr. Speaker, to further promote 
independence, we must also ensure that family caregivers of people with dis-abilities have greater access to critical services like respite care. Respite care provides temporary relief to family members engaged in the full-time task of caring for their aging or disabled loved ones with special needs. 
Mr. Speaker, these caregivers, I have 
often said, are unsung heroes. These caregivers devote so much of their time, energy, and love to their fami-lies, but in many cases, they can be often unprepared for these new respon-sibilities, and the challenges that they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JY7.084 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5657 July 29, 2015 
face can be daunting, from employ-
ment difficulties, to financial chal-lenges, to depression and family stress. 
Very often, though, with just a little 
bit of assistance, they can continue to be extraordinary caregivers and fulfill all of the other challenges and respon-sibilities that a family requires. 
That is why I have introduced and I 
have championed the Lifespan Respite Care Act, Mr. Speaker, with my friend and former Republican colleague, Mike Ferguson from New Jersey. 
Mr. Speaker, that law, it passed into 
law in 2006 and has already provided grants to 32 States and the District of Columbia to help set up respite care networks for families in need. 
Mr. Speaker, I continue to push for 
that program’s reauthorization, and I included it in the Military and Veteran Caregiver Services Improvement Act that I introduced in April to strength-en the support services for family care-givers of injured and disabled veterans. I think this is an important thing that we can do for our veterans. 
We have come far, Mr. Speaker, since 
the passage of the ADA, but we still have much more work ahead. Disabil-ities don’t discriminate on the basis of party affiliation, income level, or gen-der; instead, they can happen to any-one at any time. I believe, Mr. Speaker, that they also have the unique ability to unite us in common purpose. 
As we celebrate the silver anniver-
sary of the ADA together, we must use this as a call to action and to reaffirm our commitment to equal opportunity, full participation, independent living, and economic self-sufficiency for peo-ple with disabilities everywhere. 
Let me close, Mr. Speaker, by thank-
ing the many champions and the advo-cates and many unsung heroes who made the ADA possible and saw it through the legislative process and put it on the desk of President George H.W. Bush, who signed it into law and changed the lives of people with dis-abilities everywhere forever. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
10TH ANNIVERSARY OF 
HURRICANE KATRINA 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Lou-isiana (Mr. S
CALISE ) is recognized for 60 
minutes as the designee of the major-ity leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the sub-ject of this Special Order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Louisiana? 
There was no objection. Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, August 
29 of this year will mark the 10-year anniversary that Hurricane Katrina struck ground, causing massive devas-
tation throughout southeast Lou-isiana, as well as other parts of the Gulf Coast, Mississippi, and Alabama. 
Mr. Speaker, tonight, we are going to 
talk about the devastation that was caused by Hurricane Katrina, and of course, it starts with the more than 1,800 lives that were lost, people from Louisiana, Mississippi, Florida, Ala-bama, and Georgia who all lost their lives through this devastating storm. 
Mr. Speaker, we are also going to 
talk about something else, and that is the strength and resiliency of the peo-ple of the Gulf Coast who persevered, who rebuilt. Ultimately, Mr. Speaker, we are going to talk about the recovery of the people of the Gulf Coast from this devastating storm. 
First, I will yield to my friend from 
the great State of Alabama, Mr. R
OB-
ERTADERHOLT . 
Mr. ADERHOLT. Mr. Speaker, I want 
to just mention to you that it is hard to believe that it has been 10 years ago, in the early morning hours of August 29, just a month from today, that Hur-ricane Katrina slammed into the Gulf Coast as a category 3 hurricane. 
With sustained winds up to 140 miles 
an hour and a storm surge over 9 me-ters high in some places, the impact to the gulf region was very devastating. 
While the economic cost of the storm 
is very difficult to measure, some esti-mates have put the damage over $100 billion. Hundreds of thousands of refu-gees scattered across the country. Most importantly, no price tag can be as-signed to the loss of the nearly 2,000 lives that were lost. 
In the aftermath of the tragic storm, 
there were many hearings; there were many inquiries, studies, investigations, reforms, and policy changes that were conducted, and most of those were for good reason. 
The initial emergency response to 
Katrina was far less than what should be expected of our Federal, State, and local governments. 
However, this evening, I do want to 
thank my colleague for his allowing this, putting together this time. As he said, we are not here to talk about the failures, so much as we are here to talk about the spirit of the people that were affected. 
It is easy to sit back and to point fin-
gers and to place blame, but this evening, we want to talk about and bring attention to the spirit of the peo-ple that were affected, both directly and indirectly by Hurricane Katrina. 
In the days after the hurricane, when 
it became clear that thousands of peo-ple would not be able to return to their homes, work began to find permanent shelter for these individuals. 
Thousands of refugees from Lou-
isiana were given housing in manufac-tured housing that was purchased by FEMA and was stationed, actually, in my home State of Alabama in the State parks. 
The outpouring that came the fol-
lowing days of support from the local community was, I think, best described 
as just overwhelming. As soon as the people found out that the refugees were headed into our area, supplies were starting to be gathered together, and drives were started immediately as they were being organized. 
A member of my own staff organized 
one of those numerous drives on his own initiative. Thousands of pounds of food, of clothing, and personal hygiene products were collected. They were dis-tributed to the people, and these people that were helped had little more than just the clothes on their back. 
I am also proud that, after this show 
of support, that many of the refugees decided to make the Fourth District, the district I represent, their home. In one particular case, a refugee from Louisiana ended up working for Desoto State Park, where she had been housed. 
Finally, the resilience of Alabamians 
who lived along the Gulf Coast was also inspiring as well. 
b1845 
Though the Gulf Coast of Alabama 
was not the hardest hit of the region, the Gulf Coast of Alabama was severely impacted by Hurricane Katrina. 
While there is still some healing that 
needs to be done, the Gulf Coast is not only back in business, but it has re-turned to life as usual and it is thriv-ing. 
New shipyards are being constructed, 
new businesses are opening up, and tourism has returned to the region. This, I believe, is a testament to the spirit of the people of the State of Ala-bama as well as our neighboring States, Mississippi and Louisiana. 
As we move forward as a country and 
as a region, I hope that we will not only look to the lessons we have learned from the failures of this re-sponse, but also to the lessons we learned about kindness, the lessons of charity, being a good neighbor, and, ac-tually, the spirit of this great Nation. 
So I want to thank my colleague 
from Louisiana for putting this time together to draw attention—again, not to place the blame on the individuals or organizations that we could point blame to this evening, but to the spirit and to the greatness of all those that were involved and to the kindness, the charity, and the spirit that arose from that occasion. 
Mr. SCALISE. I thank you. I appre-
ciate my colleague from Alabama’s (Mr. A
DERHOLT ) comments. 
Of course, Mr. Speaker, so much of 
the national attention on Hurricane Katrina focused on the city of New Or-leans. 
We all remember the pictures, the 
visuals, of people that were displaced, of floodwaters that sat, in many cases, for 2 or 3 weeks. 
But then, of course, we also remem-
ber the many things that happened along the way for people who rebuilt, who came back, who persevered. 
My colleague and friend who rep-
resents the city of New Orleans along 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JY7.085 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5658 July 29, 2015 
with me obviously was deeply involved 
in a lot of those recovery efforts. 
I want to yield now to my colleague 
from New Orleans (Mr. R ICHMOND ). 
Mr. RICHMOND. I thank the gen-
tleman from Louisiana (Mr. S CALISE ), 
who represents the neighboring district from me in part of the metropolitan area of New Orleans. 
Let me just start off by saying some-
thing about New Orleans and the peo-ple of New Orleans. Now, the people of New Orleans are a very, very resilient people, and it started from the begin-ning of the history of New Orleans up until today. 
We started off—you can go back to 
1788, when there was a fire in New Orle-ans that burned 856 of the 1,100 build-ings that made up New Orleans. So that was 80 percent of the city burned. Then 6 years later another 212 build-ings burned. 
But the good thing about the people 
of New Orleans is that we always pick ourselves up, dust ourselves off, and continue to do the work to rebuild and make a better life. 
Then you can go to 1853, when we had 
a yellow fever outbreak and epidemic. In 1853, almost 8,000 people died of yel-low fever. 
And if you look at the time between 
1853 and 1905, 41,000 people in the city of New Orleans lost their lives due to yel-low fever. But again the city picked itself up, dusted itself off, and worked to make a better New Orleans. 
Then fast-forward to 1965. That was 
the year that Hurricane Betsy dev-astated the city of New Orleans. That was the first storm to rack up a cost of $1 billion in damage. 
And then, of course, I will talk about 
Hurricanes Katrina and Rita that hit New Orleans and devastated the entire Gulf Coast, but significantly damaged New Orleans. 
Let me just say for the record, even 
after we picked ourselves up and dusted ourselves off and started to rebuild after Hurricane Katrina, a few years later then comes the BP oil spill. 
And again the people of New Orle-
ans—we picked ourselves up, dusted ourselves off, and we started to create a better New Orleans and a better Lou-isiana. 
Now, going back to Hurricane 
Katrina, which my good friend S
TEVE  
SCALISE already talked about, the total 
loss of life in Hurricane Katrina was over 1,800 people, and 1,577 of those peo-ple were from Louisiana. 
Let me just break down some of the 
causes of death: 40 percent of the deaths were caused by drowning; 25 percent by injury and trauma; and heart conditions caused another 11 per-cent. 
If you remember the devastation and 
destruction on the TVs that covered it, you will understand the anxiety that the people that were down there suf-fered. 
Let me take a second before I go into 
some of the other statistics to just say many people always say that Hurricane Katrina was the largest natural dis-
aster in the history of the United States. 
Well, I appreciate the sentiment. 
But, factually, that is just not correct. Hurricane Katrina was the result of a manmade disaster combined with a natural disaster. 
The Army Corps of Engineers had 
great notice that the levees that pro-tected New Orleans and the metropoli-tan area were not sufficient. When the storm hit, the levees washed away. 
Then there was something called the 
Mississippi River Gulf Outlet, which we call MRGO. It was designed by the Corps of Engineers to allow ship traffic to the great Port of New Orleans all the way up to America’s heartland. It was designed to be almost 100 yards wide to allow ship traffic. 
By the time Katrina hit, almost 30, 40 
years after it was built, it was not 100 yards wide anymore. It was almost a mile wide in its largest sections. And that water coming out of the Gulf of Mexico caused a lot of the devastation. 
So I wanted to clear up the fact that 
this was not a natural disaster. It had a large part to do with mankind having their hand in it and inadequate build-ing by the Corps of Engineers. 
Before I finish and yield back to Con-
gressman S
CALISE , let me also say that, 
when Katrina hit, although the govern-ment response was lacking, the Amer-ican people stood up, recognized the situation, and opened their hearts to the people of Louisiana, the people of Mississippi, and some of the people of Texas. 
Baton Rouge alone handled 300,000 to 
400,000 displaced individuals from the New Orleans area. 
Houston, Texas, handled right around 
250,000 people in terms of bringing them into shelters and other places so that they could be safe and have some housing. 
Now you still have 111,000 people in 
Houston that are from the greater New Orleans area. I remember traveling to Houston after the storm and going to the shelters and watching the extraor-dinary work of S
HEILA JACKSON LEE 
and A LGREEN to provide for New Orle-
ans and New Orleans-area evacuees. 
100,000 evacuees in Atlanta, in shel-
ters and in homes, with H ANKJOHNSON  
and the Honorable J OHNLEWIS helping. 
Now Atlanta still is home to 70,000. 
San Antonio, Texas, held almost 
35,000 people at the time of the storm, and now they still hold 15,000 to 18,000. 
Then that brings me to Birmingham 
which right after the storm housed 20,000 people, and now they house in be-tween 1,500 to 13,000. 
So the magnitude of this storm was 
great. 
I just want to cover the population 
decrease. And then the other things with Hurricane Katrina I will cover more in depth with my good friend and colleague from Mississippi, B
ENNIE  
THOMPSON , whose district was also im-
pacted. 
But I will just say the population of 
New Orleans was 484,000 before Katrina. Right after Katrina it was right around 
230,000 people. And that is a decrease of almost half of the city’s population. 
So when you look at that damage 
and you look at the fact that we lost 134,000 housing units, 70 percent of all occupied housing units of the city, you will understand the magnitude and the depth of the devastation that our dis-trict suffered. 
But once again the people of New Or-
leans and the people of Louisiana—we pick ourselves up, dust ourselves off, and we start building a better New Or-leans and a better future. 
However, we still have many needs. 
We still have many things that we need to right that didn’t go right during the storm. 
But, as of now, I just wanted to talk 
about how resilient the people of New Orleans were during the storm and the outpouring of love from the rest of the country. 
Mr. SCALISE. Thank you, Congress-
man R
ICHMOND . 
Of course, as the gentleman talked 
about, the devastation and those 1,833 lives that we lost throughout the Gulf Coast still live with us. We still re-member the people who gave their lives, who lost their lives, in this dev-astating storm. 
But, Mr. Speaker, some of the things 
that you saw from the people of south-east Louisiana—I know I saw firsthand the strength, the resiliency, of the peo-ple back at a time not long after the storm hit when there were people ques-tioning whether or not the city of New Orleans would be rebuilt or should be rebuilt. You saw that conversation start around the country. 
But, Mr. Speaker, that didn’t last 
long before you saw the Nation come together and make a commitment, and you saw the people of New Orleans make a commitment that the city would be rebuilt. 
But I think this is where the story of 
recovery comes out so bright and strong, Mr. Speaker. That is how the people of the Gulf Coast, how the peo-ple of New Orleans, responded. 
People didn’t say they were just 
going to rebuild what was broken. You saw people demanding, demanding, Mr. Speaker, that we rebuild better, stronger, more efficient. People started demanding that government work dif-ferently, that government work better. 
Those levees that failed, Mr. Speak-
er, caused so much of that devastation. People said: We need to reform the way that levees are built. You saw a citizen uprising, in fact, that led to dramatic changes in State law. 
I was a State representative at the 
time. We actually changed the con-stitution of Louisiana to require that people who serve on levee boards actu-ally have experience in things like en-gineering, hydrology. 
You saw citizen groups like Women 
of the Storm emerge, where over 50,000 people signed a petition not long after that demanded that laws be changed, Mr. Speaker, to make those kinds of reforms in levee boards. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JY7.087 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5659 July 29, 2015 
And when you look at the levees that 
were rebuilt today with the help of our colleagues up here in Congress and the work of FEMA and other agencies— when you look at those levees, they are dramatically better. 
The flood protection systems are bet-
ter in southeast Louisiana. That didn’t happen by accident. That happened be-cause the people demanded those kinds of changes. 
You look at the political reform. As 
we all know, every State has got its problems. But Louisiana had a bad his-tory of political corruption going back over 100 years. 
The people of Louisiana demanded a 
better political system. You actually saw citizens picking up the telephone, calling the FBI if they saw an ounce of political corruption. 
There became a zero tolerance for po-
litical corruption in the city of New Orleans and the surrounding regions. People went to jail. 
But it was because the public said: 
We demand better. And, ultimately, that helped lead to the recovery that we see today 10 years later. 
Just look at the school system, Mr. 
Speaker. Before Katrina struck, New Orleans had one of the most failed and corrupt public school systems in the country. 
There were kids that were grad-
uating—we had a high school valedic-torian who couldn’t pass the State exit exam. 
After Katrina, again people said: We 
are going to rebuild, but we are going to demand a better public school sys-tem. 
And you saw sweeping reforms move 
through the State legislature, setting up a system of charter schools in the New Orleans area that are now touted as the model for reform for urban edu-cation systems. 
That didn’t happen by accident. That 
happened because the people demanded better from government. We saw gov-ernment fail at every level, Federal, State, and local. It is well documented. 
b1900 
The story of New Orleans today, 10 
years after the storm, is the story of a strong and resilient people who said: We absolutely will rebuild, but we are not going to rebuild the same way that it was before with all of the flaws and problems that existed; we are going to demand better. 
You can see better today, you can see 
the recovery. It is not over. There are still some neighborhoods that are working to rebuild, but there are so many neighborhoods that are stronger today, that are more thriving today. Young people coming in from other States to be a part of this renaissance, to be a part of this recovery. 
It is an exciting time to be in the 
New Orleans region today; but obvi-ously, as we reflect upon the devasta-tion of Katrina 10 years ago, we know how far we have come and how much it took people pulling together, working with groups like the Pastors Resource 
Council, pastors from all around the country that came together to say that, while government had its failings, individuals, communities came together, churches came to-gether, faith-based groups stood up like we have known that they do in so many other disasters to help get food to people, get shelter to people, and help people recover. 
We, obviously, reflect on and pray for 
the lives that were lost and remember the devastation that was so horrific, but we also celebrate the recovery that is still so evident in the people of Lou-isiana. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
10TH ANNIVERSARY OF 
HURRICANE KATRINA 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the gentleman from Lou-isiana (Mr. G
RAVES ) is recognized for 
the remainder of the hour as the des-ignee of the majority leader. 
Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. 
Speaker, 10 years ago, nearly 10 years ago, the scenes flashing across our tele-vision screens showed what appeared to be a Third World country—literally bodies floating in the streets, people that were homeless, homes washed away—one of the worst natural disas-ters in America’s history. 
Mr. Speaker, over 1,200 of our broth-
ers, our sisters, our mothers, fathers, uncles, aunts, our neighbors, our friends perished in the disaster on Au-gust 29, 2005. We lost over 1,200 people, Mr. Speaker. 
These vulnerabilities were not vul-
nerabilities that were unknown. As a matter of fact, Mark Schleifstein with The Times-Picayune published a series known as ‘‘Washing Away’’ in 2002, years before Hurricane Katrina hit our State and caused all this devastation. 
That series accurately predicted, the 
vulnerabilities accurately predicted the outcomes of a direct hit by a storm like Hurricane Katrina upon our com-munities. We saw what had happened. Homes, businesses, monuments, schools, our history, our dreams, our hopes, our future were all flooded as a result of Hurricane Katrina 10 years ago. 
Mr. Speaker, this wasn’t a Third 
World country; it was one of America’s great cities that was underwater. Many people look back at Hurricane Katrina, and they view the impacts as being pa-rochial, things that impacted Lou-isiana and Mississippi and Alabama, not something that impacted the Na-tion. 
Mr. Speaker, nothing could be fur-
ther from the truth. When the Mis-sissippi River was shut down and all the ports associated with it across the Gulf Coast as a result of the dev-astating impacts, the farmers in the Midwest had no way of getting their crops out to market. There was no ca-pacity within other transportation me-
diums to get these crops out; therefore, the farmers in the Midwest suffered as a result of Hurricane Katrina’s impacts on the Gulf Coast. 
Mr. Speaker, rail lines, Louisiana is 
only one of two places in the United States where we have all six class I rail lines. In many cases, the rail lines and the associated infrastructure was de-stroyed, therefore, once again, severely impacting America’s intermodal trans-portation system. 
The economy, one of the places that 
has these amazing natural resources, has an amazing energy industry, petro-chemical industry, agriculture indus-try, and many, many others, severely impacted, causing impacts not just again to the regional economy, but to the national economy. 
Mr. Speaker, one great example of 
that is gasoline prices. Following Hur-ricane Katrina, we watched gasoline prices spike 75 cents a gallon; but let me be clear, not in Louisiana, nation-wide—75 cents a gallon is the national average price increase as a result of those 2005 hurricanes on the Gulf Coast—75 cents a gallon. 
As I recall, I believe that translates 
into $450 million in higher consumer payments per day as a result of the im-pacts those storms had, the 2005 hurri-canes—Hurricane Katrina and Hurri-cane Rita—had on the Gulf Coast and had on, really, the Nation. 
Importantly, Mr. Speaker, the def-
icit, much of the recovery that was funded by the Federal Government, in fact, the far majority of it, was funded by deficit spending, funded by deficit spending. This wasn’t spending that was offset; this wasn’t reserve dollars that the Federal Government had sit-ting there waiting for this unbelievable disaster. This was deficit spending. 
Our children, our grandchildren, our 
great-grandchildren will be paying for decades for this. I want to be clear, Mr. Speaker, this was preventable, which I am going to talk about in a minute. 
Also the impact to the environment, 
here you see the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, and you see the EPA out there talking about the importance of wetlands and the importance of waters of the United States and writing all of these extraordinary rules to grant themselves more aggressive jurisdic-tion, larger jurisdiction over our pri-vate lands; yet as a result of those storms alone in 2005, we lost over 200 square miles of coastal wetlands in the State of Louisiana alone. 
Mr. Speaker, I am going to say again, 
a lot of people looked at this and watched it on TV and saw it as being a parochial problem, a problem of the Gulf Coast, a problem of Louisiana, Mississippi, and Alabama. 
Mr. Speaker, you could cut and paste 
that situation; you could paste vir-tually any other coastal city, any other coastal State in this Nation, and they potentially could face the same repercussions, the same outcomes as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JY7.088 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5660 July 29, 2015 
we experienced in 2005 because this Na-
tion continues to have a reactive pol-icy to disasters, and it is something that we have got to change. 
We could have taken the hundred- 
plus billion dollars that Congress ap-propriated following the 2005 hurri-canes to help recover, to help get these communities back on their feet across the Gulf Coast. We could have taken a fraction of those dollars, and we could have invested it proactively and pre-vented it from happening. 
Mr. Speaker, any city on our coast 
could experience the same disaster we saw; and I remind you, just in 2012, we saw Hurricane Sandy cause profound consequences in New York, New Jer-sey, and other communities on the East Coast. I will say it once again, disasters that were preventable, and so this is something that we all need to be paying attention to. 
While in New Orleans, while in south 
Louisiana and Mississippi and in Ala-bama, there were amazing stories of communities coming together, of peo-ple coming together, of resilient fami-lies coming together to ensure that while this did knock them down, they were getting back up again, and they were going to recover—strong resolve from these communities all across the Gulf Coast. 
Mr. Speaker, one other thing that 
was truly amazing is watching the in-credible outpouring of support not just from the Gulf Coast, but from all over this Nation and countries around the world, committing to come help us re-cover across the Gulf Coast. 
It was an amazing opportunity for 
people to come together, to put down differences, and to all come together in support of the recovery of these com-munities, the recovery of these fami-lies, the recovery of these businesses, the recovery of the hopes and dreams of these communities across the Gulf Coast. 
Mr. Speaker, we are going to con-
tinue to see this play over and over again. We are going to continue to see these types of disasters over and over again until we turn the policies around in the United States, until we see fun-damental changes. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to pivot back to 
the recovery; I want to pivot back to New Orleans; I want to pivot back to Plaquemines Parish and St. Bernard, St. Tammany; I want to pivot back to lower Jefferson Parish. These commu-nities, in many cases, were destroyed. 
Everything was underwater, every-
thing. I will say it again, the homes, the businesses, the schools, the hopes, the dreams, the future underwater— and 10 years ago, 10 years ago, unbe-lievable. I think that most people would have told you these communities aren’t coming back; they can’t come back. They have been so profoundly impacted that they simply can’t re-cover from this, but that is not what happened. 
As you just heard Mr. S
CALISE dis-
cuss, people came together. We now have an amazing progress, amazing re-
covery of our schools in south Lou-isiana, amazing recovery in our econ-omy. 
As a matter of fact, Mr. Speaker, we 
now have tens of billions of dollars in economic development projects on the horizon while, in other areas, you are seeing people losing jobs, you are see-ing businesses close, you are seeing small businesses shut down and a trend of more small businesses closing and opening across the Nation; but in Lou-isiana, Mr. Speaker, tens of billions of dollars in new economic development projects on the horizon. 
As a matter of fact, we have the larg-
est foreign investment in U.S. history committed to projects in south Lou-isiana. We are seeing a manufacturing renaissance, and it is happening be-cause our people are so resilient be-cause we have come back, because we have come together, and because we have plotted a path to the future using the resources that Louisiana is so blessed with, the Louisiana maritime transportation system that we have, and the amazing natural resources in regard to the inexpensive, readily available natural gas, oil, petro-chemical industry, the rail lines, the intermodal transportation facilities. 
We have been able to accomplish a 
manufacturing renaissance not in Mex-ico, not in Asia, but right here in the United States in south Louisiana. 
Mr. Speaker, in closing, I want to say 
I pray that there is not another com-munity, that there is not another city, that there is not another State in this Nation that has to experience, that has to go through the tragedy, the travesty that we experienced in south Lou-isiana, the loss of over 1,200 of our friends, our relatives, and our neigh-bors, to see the type of recovery, to see people come together. 
To see us finally help to build a resil-
ient protection system, resilient eco-system to ensure that the next storm isn’t going to cause the same devasta-tion to New Orleans as we saw 10 years ago, I pray, Mr. Speaker, that that doesn’t have to happen again. 
The only way we prevent it from hap-
pening again is if people learn from the lessons of Hurricane Katrina, from Hurricane Rita, if they actually apply the lessons learned that we so painfully went through in south Louisiana, in Mississippi, and in Alabama, that we apply those lessons around the United States to make our communities more resilient; to make our economy more resilient; to make our businesses more resilient; to make our families more resilient; and, Mr. Speaker, most im-portantly, to ensure that we can all ac-complish the American Dream. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
10TH ANNIVERSARY OF 
HURRICANE KATRINA 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the 
gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. R ICH-
MOND ) for 30 minutes. 
Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I want 
to just thank my colleagues from Lou-isiana for also talking about the devas-tation that we received in hurricanes, both Katrina and Rita, which we call the ‘‘sister hurricanes’’ because they were only separated by a couple of days and what damage that Hurricane Katrina caused. Just a few days later, Hurricane Rita came right behind it and exacerbated that damage. 
Let me just hit on a few of the 
misperceptions of Katrina. Well, actu-ally, since I have had a little time and I want to make sure that everyone in-volved has a chance to have time to speak on this, I yield to the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. T
HOMPSON ), my 
good friend, who at the time was chair of the Homeland Security Committee, who made sure that some of the defi-ciencies in FEMA and some of the other places that caused us undue headaches during the rebuilding, that those headaches were relieved a little bit or eased a little bit because of the hard work of B
ENNIE THOMPSON , whose 
State also incurred some damage. 
b1915 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. I ap-
preciate the gentleman from New Orle-ans for yielding. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise for two reasons— 
one, to talk about what it is to be in the eye of a hurricane and to be with-out basic necessities for over 10 days because of a hurricane and, two, what it is that our government should do when those situations occur at the Federal, State, and local levels. 
In my comments, initially, I will talk 
a little bit about what happened in Au-gust of 2005—how, in fact, so many peo-ple were impacted as well as what we have done as a government, what we didn’t do, and what we should do in going forward. 
As the gentleman from Louisiana has 
said, for the most part, both Hurri-canes Rita and Katrina ravaged Texas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, and a little bit of Florida, but I will limit my comments to Katrina. In Hurricane Katrina, there were over 1,800 people— from Florida to Texas—who died. 
In my home State of Mississippi, 238 
individuals died. Basically, what we had after that is over 1.2 million hous-ing units damaged, and in my home State, almost 120,000 were completely destroyed. In southern Mississippi, that meant that over 60 percent of the single family dwellings were either de-stroyed or rendered uninhabitable, and the statistics were worse for rental units. Along the Gulf Coast—the beau-tiful Gulf Coast where we have the 
largest manmade beach in the United States—there were over 1 million peo-ple displaced. One month after the storm, 600,000 families were still home-less, and, ultimately, 114,000 were housed in FEMA trailers. 
Mr. Speaker, I don’t have to tell you 
what happened with the FEMA trail-ers. It was a mess. The government’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JY7.090 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5661 July 29, 2015 
response to the temporary housing sit-
uation could only be characterized as a mess. We fixed it, but during that time, we put people in trailers that had basi-cally been pieced together and shipped to the good people of the Gulf Coast. Many of them had Chinese drywall in those trailers that let off formalde-hyde, which, ultimately, impacted the health of everybody we put in the trail-ers, ostensibly, for temporary housing. We created a bigger health problem. 
Obviously, we passed legislation to 
address some of it in terms of the health costs and other things. Ulti-mately, a lawsuit provided some relief to the families. What we have done in correcting that temporary housing sit-uation is to direct FEMA to not just be the response and recovery agency. We want you to also understand that, when people are in trouble, not only do you come, but you come with the right resources to make sure that you don’t create and make life worse for them. After our Katrina experience, we have a more nimble operation, and we have far better individuals who are trained so that, when disasters come, we can respond. 
The problem that I have goes back, 
Mr. Speaker, to the comments that a speaker on the other side made. 
When you are in a disaster, whether 
it is a hurricane or a flood or a tor-nado, the last thing you want is for somebody to ask, ‘‘Well, who is going to pay for it?’’ These are citizens of the United States of America. The only thing we should say is, ‘‘In your dark-est hour, in your time of need, your government will not let you down.’’ I would hope that people understand that we are a great nation because we take care of all of our people, espe-cially when the chips are down and when they have no other place to turn. So I would hope that we would not talk about issues of deficit spending when people are being plucked off the roofs of their homes or when they are being dislocated hundreds of miles from their residences simply because they can’t get back into their neighborhoods. 
What I also want to talk about is the 
fact that, since Katrina, we have made sure that first responders can commu-nicate with each other. There were a number of stories about individuals who wanted to help but who couldn’t talk to each other. Hopefully, we have started fixing that interoperability issue so that those individuals can communicate with each other, whether they are paid firemen, volunteer firepersons, or whether they are law enforcement at the State, county, or local level, because, when we are in-volved in any natural disaster that is federally declared, the constituents who need our help don’t want us to get bogged down in the territories. They just want the help. Part of the help is making sure that these individuals can communicate with each other. 
We had nonprofit organizations. The 
Red Cross, most specifically, was se-verely criticized because of its response to Katrina. A substantial number of 
citizens who were impacted were in low-income, minority communities, and we started getting responses such as: ‘‘We don’t know what to do in those areas’’; ‘‘We are afraid to go in those areas.’’ Yet, if you are part of the na-tional preparedness system, you go and help; you don’t try to qualify that help. Part of that agreement we have with an organization like the Red Cross is that you will do better, that you will respond when other organizations don’t have the capacity. 
We are continuing to work on the 
Red Cross’ response to natural disas-ters in this country. Sometimes they do a good job, and sometimes they don’t. What we have to do is make sure that, every time they respond, they re-spond in a manner that is helping someone. Regardless of people’s socio-economic statuses in life, they are still American citizens. I look forward to continuing to work on that. 
The other thing we have to work on, 
Mr. Speaker, is in making sure that the moneys that are sent to the dev-astated areas don’t get diverted to other areas. 
In my home State of Mississippi, our 
Governor at the time diverted over $600 million, which was directed to low- and middle-income housing problems, to a port expansion, which had nothing to do with housing, but the flexibility to do it was there. We had a number of people who lost everything they had, and they didn’t have any means to come back. The moneys that we sent from Washington to attempt to make those individuals whole and to reintro-duce them to the communities from which they had been displaced had been sent to the Port of Gulfport. It is a worthy project, but you shouldn’t have to take moneys to do that which were intended by Congress to go for low- and middle-income housing. 
As of this date, the requirements for 
that money still have not met the sat-isfaction of not only the HUD officials, but also of members of the commu-nities. We should not take moneys in times of emergency and fund pet projects. If those projects are worthy to be funded, then let’s fund them out of traditional sources and not out of emergency sources. I am concerned that we do that. 
I want to pay a special tribute to the 
Mississippi Center for Justice, which has done a wonderful job in pursuing the expenditure of these funds con-sistent with the intent of those funds. I want to pay a special tribute as well to the Mississippi Conference of the National Association for the Advance-ment of Colored People. They have pro-vided witnesses and testimony at hear-ing after hearing as well as documenta-tion about the questionable expendi-tures around Hurricane Katrina. 
As I said in the beginning, as one of 
those individuals who experienced Katrina firsthand, our government has to step up and help these people in their time of need. What we have done in the last 10 years is to attempt to fix 
everything that we have identified that didn’t work. We have solved our inter-operability problem. We have provided training for first responders. We have provided evacuation routes for individ-uals so that they know how to leave as well as routes for vulnerable popu-lations or whether they are handi-capped in some form. We have even cre-ated opportunities so that pets won’t be left alone when evacuations occur. All of those things are very important because it goes to who we are as a peo-ple. So how we treat the least of them in their most desperate hours goes to the character of who we are as a na-tion. 
As we mark this 10-year anniversary 
of Katrina, Mr. Speaker, I want us to understand that it is still a work in progress and that it doesn’t matter whether you live in a house on a hill or if you live in a house around the corner that is at a dead end—you are still an American citizen. When things like a Hurricane Katrina happen, you should rest assured that your government will be Johnny on the spot. 
As I step back from my microphone, 
I want to compliment the gentleman from Louisiana for leading this Special Order, because we should really under-stand how difficult Katrina has been for those individuals who were in the brunt. 
Let me also take a point of personal 
privilege to talk about the good job that the men and women of the United States Coast Guard did in response to Katrina. They really did a tremendous job in working and in managing a lot of the recovery and response to Katrina. 
In August 2005, nearly ten years ago, Hurri-
cane Katrina made landfall in Mississippi and ravaged the Gulf Coast. 
The storm pummeled everything in its path. Over 1800 people from Florida to Texas 
died, including 238 from my home State of Mississippi. 
After what felt like an eternity, the storm 
died down. 
We inventoried our losses, and the painfully 
slow recovery process began. 
1.2 million housing units were damaged, 
and 120,000 were completely destroyed. 
In Southern Mississippi, more than 60 per-
cent of single-family dwellings were destroyed or rendered uninhabitable—and the statistics were worse for rental units. 
Along the Gulf Coast, over 1 million people 
were displaced. 
One month after the storm, About 600,000 
families were still homeless, and ultimately 114,000 were housed in FEMA trailers. 
The recovery process was slow and 
wrought with mistakes at the Federal, State, and local level. 
At the Federal level, chain-of-command and 
coordination failures complicated the quick and efficient delivery of Federal resources, un-dermining both response and recovery efforts. 
Opportunities to pre-stage important re-
sources were missed. 
Interoperable emergency communications 
challenges and lack of qualified, well-trained, and well-funded emergency response per-sonnel—capability gaps first identified during 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K29JY7.092 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5662 July 29, 2015 
the response to the September 11th attacks— 
persisted. 
Ineffective and underdeveloped disaster 
housing and disaster procurement policies dragged out recovery efforts and drove up costs. 
States appeared to lack capacity to draw-
down Federal recovery funds quickly or effec-tively. 
For example, my home state of Mississippi 
was awarded $3 billion in Katrina related infra-structure grants, but by January 2009, it had only drawn down a little over half of those funds ($1.7 million). 
FEMA allocated $156 million in hazard miti-
gation grant funds to Mississippi, but the State had only drawn down $40 million two-and-a- half years after the storm struck. 
My governor at the time diverted $600 mil-
lion in CDBG funds initially intended for the construction of low and middle income hous-ing to a port expansion project. 
Parts of southern Mississippi are still feeling 
the impact of that ill-advised decision to this day. 
In the aftermath of the storm, Congress 
overhauled the national emergency manage-ment infrastructure by enacting The Post Katrina Emergency Management Reform Act, or PKEMRA. 
The legislation sought to address prepared-
ness, response and recovery gaps identified through oversight activities carried out by this Committee, including: 
(1) apparent uncertainty regarding who had 
authority to coordinate and direct response and recovery efforts under the National Re-sponse Plan; 
(2) ineffective coordination of Federal, state, 
local, private sector response and recovery ef-forts; 
(3) inadequate Federal coordination of pre-
paredness planning, including lack of effective evacuation and temporary housing plans to meet the needs of all of those in a community; 
(4) lack of operable and interoperable com-
munications to support response and recovery efforts; and, 
(5) lack of effective emergency alert and 
warning systems to notify the public of poten-tial threats to health and safety. 
Nationally, we have made progress on ad-
dressing these gaps. 
For example, we have saved lives by get-
ting people out of danger’s path with the Inte-grated Public Alerts and Warnings System. 
Our planning and exercise programs have 
improved relationships among Federal, State, and local responders to facilitate quicker, more effective response and recovery efforts. 
And we have honed the national doctrine on 
preventing, protecting against, mitigating the effects of, responding to, and recovering from natural and manmade disasters. 
But significant challenges with long term re-
covery efforts remain. 
For example, the Federal government’s fail-
ure to have adequate disaster housing plans in place before the storm struck resulted in last-minute scrambling to find long-term recov-ery housing for the displaced. 
We ended up with botched FEMA trailer 
contracts that cost taxpayers millions of dol-lars, and ultimately provided Hurricane sur-vivors with formaldehyde-laced dwellings. 
A class action lawsuit from 55,000 Gulf 
Coast Residents against over two dozen mo-bile home manufacturers was finally settled for over $42.5 million in 2012. Despite this difficult lesson, as we saw in 
2012 after Hurricane Sandy, developing viable disaster housing options for regions across the United States continues to be an elusive goal. 
Although we have made progress on 
achieving interoperability, gaps continue to hinder effective responses. 
Despite the horrific loss, survivors dem-
onstrated inspiring resilience. 
And the American people proved once 
again their commitment to helping those af-fected by disaster by sending resources and flocking affected areas to aid recovery. 
Over the past decade, Gulf Coast residents, 
with Federal support and the help of volun-teers from across the country, have rebuilt much of what was lost. 
I would be remiss if I did not mention the 
important work of the Mississippi Conference of the NAACP and the Mississippi Center for Justice. 
Both of those organizations traveled to and 
opened offices on the Coast to offer legal services to the thousands of Gulf Coast area residents who needed an advocate to help make them whole. 
Notably, they filed a lawsuit on behalf of 
community groups and individuals against the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Devel-opment resulting in a landmark settlement of $132 million dollars for low-income households in nine Mississippi counties. 
The Mississippi Center for Justice has con-
tinued to spearhead numerous Federal and state policy battles to demand and restore safe and affordable housing to Hurricane Katrina’s most vulnerable survivors, including thousands of children. 
The Hurricane Katrina recovery, in many re-
spects, has become a story of American per-severance and generosity—and I am glad we are here to commemorate and honor it this evening. 
Mr. RICHMOND. I thank the gen-
tleman. 
Mr. Speaker, let me inquire as to how 
much time I have remaining. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
H
ARDY ). The gentleman has 17 minutes 
remaining. 
Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, before 
I get into some of the misconceptions and perceptions that still remain from Katrina, let me just finish where the gentleman from Mississippi left off. 
In its aftermath and the rescue and 
recovery, one of the shining stars dur-ing Hurricane Katrina was the United States Coast Guard. They did a phe-nomenal job, both day and night, in rescuing people with helicopters and boats and everything at their disposal. They didn’t care if they were tired, and they didn’t care if they were hungry. They just did the job that they should have done just like most of our service-men. They were the shining stars. 
b1930 
I mentioned earlier that one of the 
perceptions that is just inaccurate about Katrina was that it was a nat-ural disaster. It is not just me who will call it a manmade disaster. 
In 2009, Judge Duval ruled that the 
Federal Government was liable for the damage related to MRGO because the canal’s original purpose was naviga-tion. That decision was affirmed, and 
then it was overturned by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. 
However, on May 1, 2015, a Federal 
claims judge, Susan Braden, ruled that the Army Corps of Engineers is liable for damages resulting from flooding during Katrina again and that the damage caused in both St. Bernard Parish, which is not in my district, and the lower Ninth Ward of New Orleans, which is in my district, was that the Army Corps of Engineers was respon-sible and liable for the damage caused to their homes because the Coast Guard was responsible for the increased storm surge and flooding during Hurri-cane Katrina and that the Army Corps knew that their failure could have that effect. 
So Judge Braden has ordered that the 
Federal Government, more specifically, the Justice Department, enter into set-tlement negotiations with the attor-neys of those residents in both the lower Ninth Ward and St. Bernard Par-ish. I would just continue to urge the Federal Government to step up to do that because it is the right thing to do. 
Some of the other things that I just 
want to spend a quick moment in cor-recting are that, after the storm, there was violence in the streets and people were shooting at the rescue boats. That was just absolutely untrue. 
As I tout the success of the Coast 
Guard, I have to now question and criticize the effort of both the Red Cross and our National Guard. 
In the days after Katrina, there were 
Red Cross buses on the side of the high-way that lined from New Orleans all the way to Baton Rouge because the buses were scared to go into New Orle-ans because it was dangerous. 
The Red Cross and the National 
Guard had 18-wheelers and military trucks full of water that were des-ignated to go into New Orleans, but they were on the side of the interstate opposite the buses because they thought it was too dangerous to go into New Orleans. 
Well, Mr. Speaker, I just want to tell 
you, while the National Guard, the Red Cross, and others were scared to go into New Orleans, I myself, with an-other council member, Oliver Thomas 
at the time, was driving a minivan into New Orleans filled with water with no security, no protection, and the only thing we encountered were grateful people who were looking for some help, some water, some food, and some direc-tion as to how and when this recovery would start. 
What I don’t want is people to look 
at New Orleans and remember back to those days and just believe the misin-formation about all of those other things. 
While I am correcting that, let me 
also touch on why people didn’t leave. Many people have said people just chose not to leave for various reasons, they didn’t know better. All of that is absolutely untrue, also. 
The biggest reason people didn’t 
leave was that the warnings were weak 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.031 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5663 July 29, 2015 
and they were not enough notice. I re-
member watching the news and watch-ing the mayor of New Orleans say: Well, I am sending my family to Dal-las. If I were you, I would evacuate. 
Well, in moments like this, you need 
stern warnings and you have to be blunt. 
I was on the conference calls where 
FEMA and Red Cross said that they were sending 10,000 body bags. We knew this was the real one. It was the time to show leadership and tell people to leave the city in no uncertain terms. 
I remember having a conference call 
with Governor Blanco in which she talked about all of these things, along with the Red Cross and FEMA. 
By the time that it was my turn to 
talk, I said, ‘‘Governor, I understand that this is the real deal. However, there are 1,500 people across the street from my house playing Little League. They don’t get the benefit of hearing what you just said on this conference call.’’ 
It was later that day and the next 
morning that people pushed, but it was only a day out from the storm. 
And then we never talked about the 
expenses associated with evacuating once or twice in the city, packing your family up, driving to another city, pay-ing for a hotel, feeding your family, and then coming back. 
When that happens over and over 
again and they were false alarms, if you don’t give them the stern warning when you know it is the real one, you know some people won’t leave. 
The last part of it is we came up with 
a bad idea of using shelters that were in harm’s way. We had thousands of people in the Louisiana Superdome that is located in New Orleans. Well, the Superdome was right in harm’s way. 
One of the other perceptions—and 
you actually heard it tonight—was that the new New Orleans has a great school system that has turned around education in this urban setting, and the truth of the matter is it is a work in progress at best. 
The State came in and took over 
most of our schools, all but maybe five or six of them. Out of those 57 schools that they took over, seven are B schools, no A schools, 20 are C schools, and 24 are D and F schools. 
We still have some work to do in the 
area of education. We have made some improvements, but we have kids now that are being bused and staying on the bus almost 2 hours to get to a school in the morning and 2 hours in the evening. That is not a system that we want. 
Our good schools don’t have attend-
ance zones, and it has become a maze in order to apply and to get into our better schools. 
Those are things that can be fixed if 
everybody is willing to come to the table and figure out the best way to do it and not look at everyone who has suggestions or criticisms of the school system as being an enemy. Public education: Even if you look at 
the Brown v. Board of Education deci-sion years ago, 50, 75 years ago, that decision came about because the Jus-tices talked about how an education is important to being a good citizen, thriving, and being a success. 
Because of that, we should spend 
more time in working to make sure that the New Orleans public school sys-tem is a system that educates all of the kids. 
Whether you are Black or White, 
whether you are poor or rich, whether you live in a great neighborhood or whether you live in a bad neighbor-hood, every kid should have the oppor-tunity to succeed. 
The other thing that people see a lot 
now, whether we are hosting a Super Bowl, the Final Four, or the Sugar Bowl, people assume that the city is back because the areas that they cover on TV are the areas that are back. 
If you look at Canal Street, Bourbon 
Street, and all of those areas, the Su-perdome, the New Orleans arena, they are back. 
However, there are still areas that 
are not back. You still have areas where homeowners are still struggling to rebuild. 
You can look at the lower Ninth 
Ward. You can look at the upper Ninth Ward. You can look at Gentilly. You can look at New Orleans East. Those areas are still fighting to recover. 
You can look at some of the com-
plaints from homeowners when the Road Home process was set up. They complain that they were fingerprinted and treated like criminals during the application process in the onset of ask-ing for government assistance. 
Remember, we are talking about 
homeowners, the most responsible peo-ple in a community, being fingerprinted and treated like crimi-nals during the application process. 
Also, the Federal Government pro-
hibited grants exceeding the value of a property. So Road Home tied its cal-culation to a home’s prestorm value as opposed to the actual cost of rebuild-ing. 
So when you look at the 36,000 grant 
recipient collection letters for alleged overpayments, duplication of insurance proceeds, or failure to comply with the covenants, you see 36,000 people that are being unjustly punished by the Federal Government. 
I would just say that we said it very 
early on in the process, that using ap-praised value was going to harm minor-ity communities because an appraisal is subjective, depending on where you live. So homes in the more affluent areas of New Orleans appraised a lot higher. 
I can just tell you, doing electrical 
work when I was small, doing construc-tion work, to rebuild a 1,500-square- foot house, whether it is in Lakeview or whether it is in the lower Ninth Ward, Sheetrock, plywood, screws, and nails are all going to cost the same. In-stead of using appraised value, we should have used rebuilding cost. That 
is just not my opinion. 
I will tell you that the Federal court 
ruled that the Road Home’s method of calculating grants discriminated against African American homeowners. That was back in 2010. 
The problem with that ruling was 
that, in order for the State to stop using prestorm value to calculate Road Home grants, it was only for the future grants. By that time, a majority of the grants had already been given out. 
So I will just tell you that that $62 
million in additional grants helped about 1,500 homeowners. Remember, we had over 100,000 properties that were damaged in the storm. So you can see the abundance of people that did not get assistance. 
Some of the other remaining issues 
with Road Home was that we still have people who need money to get back into their homes because they have an unmet need. 
HUD could have done something very 
simple to figure out where we are now, and that is to figure out what people received from their insurance com-pany, what people received from FEMA, and what people received from Road Home. 
You add those up and then you figure 
out the cost to rebuild. If the rebuild-ing cost exceeds those, that is the unmet need that we need help from the government because there is money that is still available. 
I would say we need the Federal Gov-
ernment to actually take some time, investigate, and figure out how we can use the unused money to make people whole that were not made whole in the beginning. 
Also, let me bring up just one other 
thing so you can get a full idea of the picture of New Orleans. If you just look at rent, in the 9 years since Katrina, the share of people paying 50 percent of their income for rent is now 37 percent. 
So what you are really saying is that 
secure housing cost burdens 50 percent of household income, and that indi-cates a serious problem in housing af-fordability. 
In 2004, just to give you a reference, 
the share of severely cost-burdened renters in New Orleans was 24 percent. Now it is 37 percent in New Orleans. It is 26 percent nationally. 
That is a problem and we really need 
to work on it because, if you can’t live in the city, you can’t work in the city. This government is better than that. 
So the other thing I would just say is 
that people think we are back and we are rebuilt, and that is not the case. The other thing is that people think that we received everything we need to rebuild. 
I would say that Congress, the gov-
ernment, and the President did a great job in immediately sending down $14 billion to New Orleans and putting it in a fund, which is unheard of in Con-gress, to take money and just put it in a fund and say: Corps of Engineers, as you rebuild the levee, spend this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JY7.095 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5664 July 29, 2015 
money, protect New Orleans. They did 
it, and they did a good job of doing it. 
We still have outlying areas that 
need flood control. If you look at the cost of Katrina—and I will give you a few figures—you will see that we still have a gap. 
You had $150 billion in damages. 
Most of the Federal spending went for relief, not rebuilding. $120.5 billion in total spending. Emergency relief was 75 billion. Rebuilding funds was 45 billion. 
So if you look at the Federal funding, 
private insurance claims, and chari-table giving, it still leaves a gap of about $60 billion. When you talk about 
a gap of $60 billion, I just want you to understand what that means. 
That means, in every community, 
every neighborhood, including mine, you will see five houses where people have come back, saved up money, and rebuilt using both insurance, savings, retirement, FEMA, government money. Then you will see a house or two that is not rebuilt at all. 
Then if you go down to the lower 
Ninth Ward, you will see one house that is rebuilt. Then you will see six or seven houses that are not rebuilt where the grass is just as high as the trees and it looks like a forest. 
If you are that one homeowner that 
took the time to come home and re-build and you have to pass that every night, it is just not a safe situation. We, as a country, can do better than that. 
So what I would hope is that, as we 
continue the process of helping New Orleans and Louisiana recover from Katrina, that we look at the lessons learned and we find the people who still have unmet needs, we find the people that are still not back in their homes who want to be in their homes, and we figure out a way to help them. 
b1945 
That is what HUD is for. We still 
have the money, and in fact, citizens and community groups—and I can think of a bunch of them, A Commu-nity Voice, Justice and Beyond—all of those groups have been asking Con-gress and the inspector general to do an audit and an investigation of how much funds we received, where did they go, what is left, how do we move for-ward and make sure that everyone who wants to come home has the ability to come home. 
Now, all of those things and, I think, 
lessons learned and misperceptions of Katrina, I think we have to take those 
same things and look at Sandy and all other hurricanes. 
What I wanted to do before we went 
home for a break and celebrate the 10th anniversary of Katrina is to let people know that we still have needs; we still have things we have to do to complete the recovery, but also thank Congress for what they did do. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
CONTINUATION OF THE NATIONAL 
EMERGENCY WITH RESPECT TO LEBANON—MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 114–53) 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed: 
To the Congress of the United States: 
Section 202(d) of the National Emer-
gencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) provides for the automatic termination of a na-tional emergency unless, within 90 days prior to the anniversary date of its declaration, the President publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to 
the Congress a notice stating that the emergency is to continue in effect be-yond the anniversary date. In accord-ance with this provision, I have sent to the Federal Register for publication the 
enclosed notice stating that the na-tional emergency with respect to Leb-anon that was declared in Executive Order 13441 of August 1, 2007, is to con-tinue in effect beyond August 1, 2015. 
Certain ongoing activities, such as 
continuing arms transfers to Hizballah that include increasingly sophisticated weapons systems, undermine Lebanese sovereignty, contribute to political and economic instability in the region, and continue to constitute an unusual and extraordinary threat to the national security and foreign policy of the United States. For this reason, I have determined that it is necessary to con-tinue the national emergency declared in Executive Order 13441 with respect to Lebanon. 
B
ARACK OBAMA .
THEWHITE HOUSE , July 29, 2015. COMMUNICATION FROM CHAIR OF 
COMMITTEE ON TRANSPOR-TATION AND INFRASTRUCTURE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-
fore the House the following commu-nication from the Chair of the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infra-structure; which was read and, without objection, referred to the Committee on Appropriations: 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND  
INFRASTRUCTURE , 
Washington, DC, July 28, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNBOEHNER , 
Speaker of the House, House of Representatives, 
The Capitol, Washington, DC. 
DEARMR. SPEAKER : On July 23, 2015, pursu-
ant to section 3307 of Title 40, United States Code, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure met in open session to con-sider 15 resolutions included in the General Services Administration’s fiscal years 2015 and 2016 Capital Investment and Leasing Programs. 
The Committee continues to work to re-
duce the cost of federal property and leases. Of the 15 resolutions considered by the Com-mittee, the nine alteration projects will ad-dress critical life safety repairs or allow for space consolidations, the two reprogram-ming prospectuses are fully offset by reduc-tions in other projects, the two construction prospectuses include offsets and reductions in spending from avoided lease costs, and the two lease prospectuses will result in signifi-cant reductions in lease costs through the reduction of space. In total, these resolu-tions represent $327 million in avoided lease costs and offsets. 
I have enclosed copies of the resolutions 
adopted by the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure on July 23, 2015. 
Sincerely, 
B
ILLSHUSTER , 
Chairman. 
Enclosures. 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
ALTERATION —JACOB K . JAVITS FEDERAL OFFICE  
BUILDING , NEW YORK , NY 
Resolved by the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, 
appropriations are authorized for the design for the build out of approximately 314,000 rentable square feet of vacant space in the Jacob K. Javits Federal Office Building lo-cated at 26 Federal Plaza in New York City, New York, of which approximately 30,000 rentable square feet will provide swing space for future alteration and consolidation projects in the building, at a design cost of $7,660,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. 
Provided, that the General Services Admin-
istration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolu-tion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JY7.096 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5665 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.038 H29JYPT1
Insert graphic folio 1104/2 EH29JY15.001smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
Description PROSPECTUS- ALTERATION 
Prospectus for Design PBS 
The U.S. General Services Administration (GSA) is seeking committee approval for a design 
project that GSA will schedule for construction in a future year. A project description is attached. 
Justification 
By seeking approval to start the design for the project prior to construction phase funding, an 
orderly and timely accomplishment of a planned program is ensured. Under the separate funding 
approach, GSA will submit the construction prospectus for the project along with a future 
budget request. 
The subject project addresses realignment and consolidation of agency space, and replacing and 
repairing affected building and safety systems. 
Recommendation 
Approve design for $7,660,000 for the project attached. The construction costs indicated at this 
time are preliminary and will be finalized prior to future requests for funding. 
Committee Approval and Appropriation Requested in this Prosm;ctus 
(Design) .............................................................................................................................. $7 ,660,000 
Certification of Need 
The proposed projects are the best solutions to meet validated Government needs. 
April 27, 2015 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on --------------------
Approvoo=--~----------~~~~-----~--~·-·-·---·-·-.-~--~--------Acting Administrator, General Services Administration 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5666 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.038 H29JYPT1
Insert graphic folio 1104/3 EH29JY15.002smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
LOCATION 
New York, NY PROSPECTUS- ALTERATION 
Prospectus for Design 
FISCAL YEAR 2015 ALTERATION DESIGN PROJECT 
{Alphabetical by State) 
FY 2015 FUNDING 
Jacob K. Javits Federal Office Building $7,660,000 
TOTAL. .................. .-........... 41 ................ ,. ................................................................... $7,660,000 PBS 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5667 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.038 H29JYPT1
Insert graphic folio 1104/4 EH29JY15.003smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS- ALTERATION 
Prospectus for Design PBS 
Prospectus Number: PDS-02015 
Congressional District: 08 
PROJECT: Jacob K. Javits Federal Office Building 
LOCATION: New York, NY 
ESTIMATED TOTAL PROJECT COST: $ I 04,004,000 
DESIGN: $ 7,660,000 
CONSTRUCTION: $89,211,000 
MANAGEMENT & INSPECTION: $7,133,000 
AMOUNT REQUESTED IN FY20l5 (Design}: $ 7,660,000 
WORK ITEM SUMMARY 
Demolition and abatement, interior construction, HV AC, plumbing, electrical, and fire/life safety 
upgrades. 
DESCRIPTION 
The Jacob K. Javits Federal Office Building (FOB) is located at 26 Federal Plaza, New York 
City, NY. It consists of three interconnected buildings: a 45-story, plus basement, office 
building; an eight-story court/office building (both built in 1967); and a 45-story addition 
(Annex) built along the west side of the original 45-story building in 1977. The two 45-story 
buildings function together as the FOB while the 8-story court/office building functions as the 
James L. Watson Court of International Trade (CIT). The CIT is connected to the FOB via a 4-
story pedestrian bridge. The entire Federal complex consists of over 2.3 million square feet of 
rentable space. 
GSA proposes design for the build out of approximately 314,000 rentable square feet (rst) of 
vacant space, of which approximately 30,000 rsf will provide swing space for future alteration 
and consolidation projects in the FOB. The project will remove asbestos, upgrade mechanical 
and electrical systems and address fire/life safety issues. The project will help to maintain the 
Federal presence in downtown Manhattan, avoid future lease costs, and will allow for the overall 
reduction in tenant footprints. 
The request will fund the design and review for the build-out of approximately 314,000 rentable 
square feet (RSF) of vacant space in the FOB, of which approximately 30,000 RSF will provide 
swing space for future alteration and consolidation projects in the building. The project will 
complete the design associated with asbestos removal, mechanical and electrical system 
upgrades, and fire and life safety issues. The completed project will maintain i:he Federal 
presence in downtown Manhattan, relocate the U.S. Deparbnent of Justice- Federal Bureau of 
3 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5668 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.038 H29JYPT1
Insert graphic folio 1104/5 EH29JY15.004smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION 
Prospectus for Design PBS 
Investigation from a leased location , and allow the U.S. Department of Health and Human 
Services to consolidate its operations currently scattered throughout the FOB. 
4 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5669 July 29, 2015 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
ALTERATION —1800 F STREET BUILDING , PRESI -
DENTIAL TRANSITION TEAM , WASHINGTON , DC 
Resolved by the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, 
appropriations are authorized for repairs and alterations at the GSA Headquarters build-ing, located at 1800 F Street, NW, Wash-
ington, DC for the reconfiguration and alter-ation of approximately 90,000 usable square feet of space to provide short-term space for the Presidential Transition Team (PTT) and the Offices of the President-Elect and Vice- President Elect after the November 2016 Presidential Election, at a design and re-lated services cost of $534,000 an estimated construction cost of $8,900,000 and a manage-
ment and inspection cost of $488,000 for a total estimated project cost of $9,922,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and in-cluded in this resolution. 
Provided, that the General Services Admin-
istration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolu-tion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.038 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5670 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.038 H29JYPT1
Insert graphic folio 1104/7 EH29JY15.005smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
PROSPECTUS- ALTERATION 
1800 F STREET BUILDING 
PRESIDENTIAL TRANSITION TEAM 
WASHINGTON, DC 
PDC-PTT-WA15 
Project Summary 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a repair and alteration project at the GSA 
Headquarters building, located at 1800 F Street, N.W., Washington, DC, for the reconfiguration 
and alteration of approximately 90,000 usable square feet of space to provide short-term space 
for the Presidential Transition Team (PIT), and the Offices of the President-Elect and Vice 
President-Elect. The space provided will facilitate the orderly transfer of executive power in 
connection with the expiration of the terms of the current President and Vice President and the 
inauguration of the newly elected President and Vice President after the November 2016 
Presidential Election. The space must be available by October 1, 2015, for up to two years; this 
includes phased construction, occupancy and 
restoration. 
FY2015 Committee Approval Requested .................................................................... $9,922,000 
FY2015 Appropriations Reguested1 .............................................................................................. $0 
Major Work Items 
Interior alterations; security upgrades; exterior alterations; building automation system upgrades; 
conveyance system modifications; electrical system upgrades. 
Project Budget 
Estimated Construction Cost (ECC) .......................................................................... $8,900,000 
Design and Related Services (Design) ............................................................................ 534,000 
Management and Inspection (M&I) ............................................................................... 488,000 
Estimated Total Project Cost (ETPC) .......................................................................... $9,922,000 
Schedule 
Design and Construction 
Building Start 
FY2015 End 
FY20172 
1 Although no new funds are being requested in this prospectus, its approval is needed for this alteration project. 
Concurrently, GSA will request to reprogram $9,922,000 in savings from previously appropriated sources of funds 
to this alteration project. 
2 FY20 17 -Restoration of Space 
1 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5671 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.038 H29JYPT1
Insert graphic folio 1104/8 EH29JY15.006smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS -ALTERATION 
1800 F STREET BUILDING 
PRESIDENTIAL TRANSITION TEAM 
WASHINGTON, DC PBS 
PDC-PTT-WA15 
The 1800 F Street, N.W., Washington, DC, GSA Headquarters building is a seven-story, 
approximately 764,000 gross 
square foot, limestone-clad public building situated at 1800 F 
Street, N.W., just west of downtown Washington, DC. The building provides 518,700 useable 
square feet of space and includes outside parking in an interior courtyard. The building was 
constructed in 1917 as the headquarters of the Department of the Interior, which resided in it 
until 1949, at which time it became the headquarters of GSA, which occupies the building today. 
It was one of the first steel-framed buildings constructed in Washington, as well as one of the 
first government buildings to use limestone on the exterior. It is listed in the National Register of 
Historic Places. 
Tenant Agencies 
Presidential Transition Team, GSA 
Proposed Project 
GSA currently occupies the basement through floor seven of the eastern wing of 1800 F Street, 
known as Wing One. Personnel in this space will be consolidated into the other wings of the 
building to allow Wing One to be occupied by PTT. Physical move costs associated with this 
relocation are anticipated to be minimal and will be covered by other sources of funding already 
available to GSA. 
The proposed project consists of the construction of demising walls, barriers and check points; 
installation of additional security items/systems per the Department of Homeland Security 
United States Secret Service (USSS) specifications; rebuilding or altering portions of interior and 
exterior space to accommodate special space needs of PTT and security; providing emergency 
power; construction of Sensitive Compartmented Information Facility (SCIF) space; installation 
of secure conduit, cabling, audio visual (A V)/information technology (IT)/ security infrastructure; 
building out executive offices; and modifying existing building systems to accommodate PTT 
functions. GSA will, to the greatest extent possible, use the currently available space in its 
current configuration. A portion of these infrastructure investments will be retained for future 
use by GSA, as well as for future PTT requirements. 
Security systems will include items such as cameras, access control and intrusion detection. A V 
and IT systems will be modified and new systems added, as needed. Building Automation 
Systems will require modified controls, electrical systems will require back up power and 
elevators will need modified controls. 
2 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5672 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.038 H29JYPT1
Insert graphic folio 1104/9 EH29JY15.007smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION 
1800 F STREET BUILDING 
PRESIDENTIAL TRANSITION TEAM 
WASHINGTON, DC PBS 
PDC-PIT-WA15 
At a minimum, exterior work will include security upgrades of cameras, detection devices and 
provisions for other security components as directed by USSS. GSA is evaluating the 
appropriate positioning of special spaces within the building that will require evaluation of blast 
and ballistic conditions and potential upgrades at various locations, which may be internal or 
external. There also is a potential need for exterior posts to accommodate USSS personnel. 
Restoration will entail putting the building back to its pre-PIT configuration, but leaving alone 
what GSA has designed to remain in place within walls, ancillary spaces, mechanical spaces, and 
the roof. GSA plans to utilize this space for future transitions resulting in reduced costs in the 
future. 
Major Work Items 
Interior Alterations 
Security Upgrades 
Exterior Alterations 
Building Automation System Upgrades 
Conveyance System Modifications 
Electrical System Upgrades 
TotalECC 
Justification $2,650,000 
4,500,000 
1,000,000 
250,000 
250,000 
250,000 
$8,900,000 
The Presidential Transition Act of 1963, P.L. 88-277, authorizes the GSA Administrator to 
provide the President-elect and the Vice President-elect, upon their request, necessary services 
and facilities during the transition period between Election Day and Inauguration Day. 
GSA will, to the greatest extent possible, use the currently available space in its current 
configuration. A portion of these infrastructure investments will be retained for future use by 
GSA, as well as for future PIT requirements. 
Summary of Energy Compliance 
A number of high performance green initiatives were incorporated into the modernization of 
Wing One, which was completed in 2013. These initiatives included high-performance glazing 
for replicated historic windows, added insulation at the exterior walls and roof, daylight 
harvesting through a networked lighting control system, an automated roller shade system for 
daylight control, and photovoltaic rooftop arrays that feed direct current into the power grid. 
3 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5673 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.038 H29JYPT1
Insert graphic folio 1104/10 EH29JY15.008smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
PROSPECTUS- ALTERATION 
1800 F STREET BUILDING 
PRESIDENTIAL TRANSITION TEAM 
WASHINGTON, DC 
PDC-PTT-WA15 
GSA will continue to use the new base building systems installed with the aforementioned 
modernization, making adjustments on a case-by-case basis to accommodate PTI requirements. 
Prior Appropriations 
Prior Appropriations 
Public Law Fiscal Year Amount 
None 
Prior Committee Approvals 
Prior Committee Approvals 
Committee Date Amount 
None 
Prior Prospectus-Level Projects in Building (past 10 years): 
Prospectus Description 
P.L. 111-5 (ARRA) Modernization & Expansion 
Alternatives Considered (30-year, present value costs) FY 
2009 Purpose 
Purpose 
Amount 
$153,664,000 
Given the short-term nature of the proposed requirement (3 years), a 30-year present 
value cost analysis is not suited for this type of project. The cost to procure the 
required square footage in proximate leased space significantly exceeds the proposed 
cost of the repair and alteration alternative. Furthermore, the government will 
realize additional long-term savings as the proposed location will serve as 
future housing for PTT. 
Recommendation 
ALTERATION 
4 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5674 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.038 H29JYPT1
Insert graphic folio 1104/11 EH29JY15.009smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
Certification of Need PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION 
1800 F STREET BUILDING 
PRESIDENTIAL TRANSITION TEAM 
WASHINGTON, DC 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on " Juq_g~ 26, 2015 PBS 
PDC-PTT-WA15 
Approved -~---i.....· .~_· _...~_'l_. _:t_~t11{_:z-~~-------------­
Acting Administrator, General Services Administration 
5 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5675 July 29, 2015 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
ALTERATION —FIRE PROTECTION AND LIFE  
SAFETY PROGRAM , VARIOUS BUILDINGS  
Resolved by the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, 
appropriations are authorized for repairs and alterations to upgrade, replace, and improve fire protection systems and life safety fea-
tures in government-owned buildings during Fiscal Year 2016 at a total cost of $20,000,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and in-
cluded in this resolution. 
Provided, that the General Services Admin-
istration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolu-tion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.039 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5676 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.039 H29JYPT1
Insert graphic folio 1104/13 EH29JY15.010smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION 
FIRE PROTECTION AND LIFE SAFETY PROGRAM 
VARIOUS BUILDINGS PBS 
Prospectus Number: PFP-000 1-MU 16 
FY20J6 Proiect Summary 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes alterations to upgrade, replace, and 
improve fire protection systems and life safety features in government-owned buildings during 
Fiscal Y car 20 16. 
FY2016 Committee Approval and Appropriation Requested .............................. $20,000,000 
Program Summary 
As part of its Fire Protection and Life Safety efforts, GSA is identifying projects in Federal 
buildings throughout the country through surveys and studies. These projects will vary in size, 
location, and delivery method. The approval and appropriation requested in this prospectus is for 
a diverse set of retrofit projects with engineering solutions to reduce fire and lite safety hazards. 
Typical projects include the following: 
• Replacing antiquated fire a1arm and detection systems that are in need of repair or for 
which parts are no longer available. 
• Installing emergency voice communication systems to facilitate occupant notification 
and/or evacuation in Federal buildings during an emergency. 
• lnstaJling and/or expanding fire sprinkler systems to provide a reasonable degree of 
protection for life and property from fire in Federal buildings. 
• Constructing additional exit stairs or enclosing existing exit stairs to ensure safe and 
timely evacuation of building occupants in the event of an emergency. 
Justification 
GSA periodically assesses all facilities using technical professionals to identify hazards and 
initiate correction or risk-reduction protection strategies to assure that no aspect of our buildings' 
design or operation presents an unreasonable risk to GSA personnel, occupant agencies, or the 
general public. Completion of these proposed projects will improve the overall level of safety 
from fire and similar risks in GSA-controlled Federal buildings nationwide. 
FY2016 Committee Approval and Appropriation Requested .............................. $20t000,000 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5677 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.039 H29JYPT1
Insert graphic folio 1104/14 EH29JY15.011smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION 
FIRE PROTECTION AND LIFE SAFETY PROGRAM 
VARIOUS BUILDINGS PBS 
Prospectus Number: PFP-0001-MU16 
Certification of Need 
Over the years a number of fire protection and life safety issues have been identified that need to 
be addressed in order to reduce fire risk. The proposed program is the best solution to meet a 
validated Government need. 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on ---·--~~~~-~.Q~.~ 
Recommended: 
2 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5678 July 29, 2015 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
ALTERATION —SIXTH STREET FEDERAL  
BUILDING , LOS ANGELES , CA 
Resolved by the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, 
appropriations are authorized for repairs and alterations to upgrade outdated building sys-
tems in the 59-year-old facility and renovate and reconfigure the interior layout for oper-ations efficiency and workplace optimization at the Federal Building located in downtown, Los Angeles, CA, at a design cost of $982,000, an estimated construction cost of $10,335,000 and a management and inspection cost of $966,000 for a total estimated project cost of 
$12,283,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. 
Provided, that the General Services Admin-
istration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolu-
tion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.039 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5679 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.039 H29JYPT1
Insert graphic folio 1104/16 EH29JY15.012smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS- ALTERATION 
SIXTH STREET FEDERAL BUILDING 
LOS ANGELES, CA PBS 
Prospectus Number: PCA-0149-LAt6 
Congressional District: 34 
FY2016 Project Summary 
The Genera! Services Administmtion (GSA) proposes a repair and alteration project of 
the Federal Building, located in downtown, Los Angeles, California on Sixth Street. The 
project will upgrade outdated building systems in the 59-year-old facility and renovate 
and reconfigure the interior layout for operations efficiency and workplace optimization. 
FY20l6 Committee Approval and Appropriation Requested 
(Design, ECC, M&l) ......................................................................................... Sl2,283,000 
Mafor Work Items 
Exterior construction, HV AC, e]ectrical, plumbing, fire protection and elevator system 
upgrades, hazardous material abatement, interior construction 
Project Budget 
Design ...................... t ................................................... , ............. ~ ........................................ $982,000 
Estimated Construction Cost (ECC) ............................................................ $1 0,335,000 
Management and Inspection (M&I) .................................................................. $966,000 
Estimated Total Project Cost (ETPC)* .......................................................... $12,283,000 
*Tenant agencies may fund an additional amount for tenant improvements above the 
standard normally provided by the GSA. 
Schedule 
Design and Construction 
Building Start 
FY2016 End 
FY2019 
The Federal Building is a stand-alone structure solely occupied by the Department of 
Justice located in downtown Los Angeles. The building includes two stories (plus 
basement) and is of steel·frame construction with exterior pre-cast concrete cladding. The 
building was previously used as an office for the Department of Interior (Minera1s 
Management), and is now utilized by Department of Justice in conjunction with their 
other Los Angeles locations. 
Tenant Agencies 
Department of Justice 
1 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5680 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.039 H29JYPT1
Insert graphic folio 1104/17 EH29JY15.013smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
Proposed Project PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION 
SIXTH STREET FEDERAL BUILDING 
LOS ANGELES, CA 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District: PBS 
PCA-OJ49-LA16 
34 
The project will upt,l'fadc outdated building systems and realign the tenant agency work 
space. The work includes heating, ventilation, and air conditioning (HV AC) system 
replacements and upgrades, fire protection replacement, plumbing upgrades, interior 
seismic work, electrical distribution upgrades, elevator upgrades, and exterior 
construction. In addition, abandoned mechanical· areas will be converted to rentable 
square footage, and the tenant agency wiU be realigned as required for efficient 
operations and workplace optimization. 
Major Work Items 
Electrical Upgrades 
HV AC Upgrades 
Demolition/Hazardous Material Abatement 
Exterior Construction · 
Interior Construction/Seismic Upgrades 
Plumbing Upgrades 
Elevators Upgrades 
Fire Protection Upgrades 
Total ECC 
Justification $2,100,000 
$1,950,000 
$1,832,000 
$1AOO,OOO 
$1,253,000 
$850,000 
$485,000 
$465,000 
$10,335,000 
The 59-year-old asset requires significant reinvestment to continue providing reliable 
service for years to come. The building has not undergone a major reinvestment since 
originally constructed. Currently. the systems are beyond their useful life requiring 
costly fabrication of parts when replacement items are necessary. In addition. DOJ 
requires reconfiguration and renovation of interior space in the building to support its 
mission, accommodate additional personnel, improve space utilization, and increase 
workplace efficiencies. Minimal investment in this facility is the most cost-effective long 
term solution. 
Summaty of Energy Compliance 
This project will be designed to conform to requirements of the Facilities Standards for 
the Public Buildings Service and will implement strategies to meet the Guiding Principles 
for High Perfonnance and Sustainable Buildings. GSA encourages design opportunities 
to increase energy and water efficiency above the minimum performance criteria. 
2 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5681 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.039 H29JYPT1
Insert graphic folio 1104/18 EH29JY15.014smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION 
SIXTH STREET FEDERAL BUILDING 
LOS ANGELES, CA PBS 
Prospectus Number: PCA~Ol49-LAI6 
Congressional District: 34 
Prior Appropriations 
None 
Prior Committee Approvals 
None 
Prior Prospectus-Level Proiects in Building (past 10 years) 
None 
Alternatives Considered (30-year, present value cost analysis} 
Alteration ............................................................................................ $27 ,539,000 
Lease ................................................................................................ $37,477,000 
New Construction ......... " ................. ~ .......... ,. .......................................... $43,945,000 
The 30~year, present value cost of alteration is $9,937,000 less than the cost of leasing 
with an equivalent annual cost advantage of$568t000. 
Recommendation 
ALTERATION 
3 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5682 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.039 H29JYPT1
Insert graphic folio 1104/19 EH29JY15.015smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
Certification of Need PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION 
SIXTH STREET FEDERAL BUILDING 
LOS ANGELES, CA PBS 
Prospectus Number: PCA-0149-LA16 
Congressional District: 34 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
4 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5683 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.039 H29JYPT1
Insert graphic folio 1104/20 EH29JY15.016smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEJauuary %015 _J'_trJOIIIIef I Housing Plan 
Federal Building 
Currmt UsQ/Jle :iQuarc t~tt {USr] .l I /'eNOM~/ 
Loc:atiozss Office I Tollll Office St1Jrap Special I Total Office I Total 
Sb:th Stfftt Fedtnll Buil4inK 
us. tor Justice 148 173 38.340 I 505 2.142 41.987 165 
Total 148 173 JS,:W() 1,505 2.142 41.987 165 
F ~Office UdUudoa Rate~ t j I 
All oondi oflia: tenants um;~2 Proijj!_· Cum:nt UR exclucUs 8,435 USF of offi<:c support space 
PJoposcd UR excludes 7,352 USF of office suppon ~· 
~-----TOllll Bulldln~ USF Rate . --~ 
. An bwi§tenants ; 1 ci:Jj ~ 
NOTES: 'Toul USF in proposed i~ due to obsoJctc mcchaniall an:a bc:ing couvcrtcd to USF fur lt'Chnic~a~~ shop 
• Office Utilization Rate= total offiCie !1pi10: available for office petS()Illlel. UR calcvllltion excludes office suppon ~ USF 
'Tolal Building USI-"Itatc .. total building USf (off tee, stmage. special) available ror all building OOC\IJ)allt.s (ollice and notH>ffw: ~~~nt,.i) 
USf means !he portion of 1~ building available for W~e by a tenant'spmcnneland furnishings and space available joinlly to !h.: oo:upaniS of 1M building 190 190 Proposed 
I USQ/Jtf! :iQU4Tt rttr (v.:.r J 
Office I StOfll# SDCCial 
33.417 1.505 8.110 
33.417 l.sDS 8.110_ PCA-0149·LA16 Los Angeles, CA 
1 I 
ToUI! 
43.032 
_4~.m_ 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5684 July 29, 2015 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
ALTERATION —DENVER FEDERAL CENTER  
BUILDING 56 , LAKEWOOD , CO 
Resolved by the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-
resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, 
appropriations are authorized for repairs and alterations to upgrade building systems and 
undertake exterior repairs at the Denver Federal Center (DFC) Building 56 located at 
West 6th Avenue & Kipling Street in Lake-wood, Colorado, at a design cost of $613,000, an estimated construction cost of $5,022,000 and a management and inspection cost of $507,000 for a total estimated project cost of 
$6,142,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. 
Provided, that the General Services Admin-
istration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolu-tion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.039 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5685 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.039 H29JYPT1
Insert graphic folio 1104/22 EH29JY15.017smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION 
DENVER FEDERAL CENTER BUILDING 56 
LAKEWOOD, CO 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District: 
FY2016 Project Summary PBS 
PC0-0533- LA 16 
7 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a repair and alteration project to 
upbrradc building systems and undertake exterior repairs at the Denver Federal Center 
(DFC) Building 56, at West 6111 Avenue & Kipling Street in Lakewood, CO. In addition to 
addressing heating, ventilation. and air conditioning (HV AC), fire alarm, roofing, and 
exterior closure deficiencies, the project also promotes energy savings. 
FY2016 Committee Approval and Appropriation Requested 
(Design, ECC, M&l) ............................................................................................. $6,1 42,000 
Major Work Items 
Roof Replacement, Exterior Repairs, HV AC and Fire Alarm Upgrades 
Project Budget 
Design .................... 9 •••••••••••••••• """''*···································································$ 613,000 
Estimated Construction Cost (ECC) ............................................................... .5,022,000 
Management and Inspection (M&I)................................................................. 507,000 
Estimated Total Project Cost (ETPC) .............................................................. $6,142,000 
*Tenant agencies may fund an additional amount for alterations above the standard 
normally provided by the GSA. 
Schedule 
Design and Construction 
Building Start 
FY2016 End 
FY2018 
Building 56 is part of the DFC•s main campus and contains 354,159 gross square feet. 
Originally constructed in 1941 as part of the Denver Ordinance Plant, Building 56 is one 
of the largest buildings on the DFC campus and provides office, laboratory, and industrial 
space. 
I 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5686 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.039 H29JYPT1
Insert graphic folio 1104/23 EH29JY15.018smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
Tenant Agencies PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION 
DENVER FEDERAL CENTER BUILDING 56 
LAKEWOOD, CO 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District: PBS 
PC0-0533-LA 16 
7 
Fann Service Agency, Rural Housing Service, Natural Resources Conservation Service, 
Bureau of Reclamation, General Services Administration 
Proposed Proicct 
The proposed project involves numerous upgrades to the building exterior, including 
replacement of the roof, repairs to the exterior walls, limited reinstal1ation of exterior 
brick, and replacement of the exterior roll-up door. Interior system upgrades include the 
replacement of the heating, ventilation, and air conditioning (HVAC) system's aged air 
handler unit dampers and pneumatic controls and the installation of a new building wide 
fire alann system. The project also will abate hazardous materials encountered during 
construction. 
Maior Work Items 
Roof replacement 
Exterior Closure Repairs 
HV AC Repairs 
Fire Alarm Replacement 
Total ECC 
Justification $3,540,000 
571,000 
382,000 
529.000 
$5,022t000 
The roof is more than 30 years old, in poor condition, and beyond its useful life. There 
have been water leaks into tenant agency space, causing damage to the building structure 
and tenant property and resulting in work outages. Replacement of the roof will also 
improve insulation and promote energy efficiency. The project will not impact sections 
of the roof that were affected during the High Performance Green Building ARRA solar 
panel installation project. 
The building has gaps in the exterior perimeter walls where air, moisture and other 
contaminates and occasionally wind driven snow enter the building and tenant spaces and 
conditioned air escapes the building. The exterior walls need to be repaired, gaps sealed 
and exterior brick reinstalled to prevent further damage, improve energy efficiency and 
tenant comfort. 
The exterior roll-up door is original, beyond its useful life and requires maintenance on a 
regular basis. The door wm be replaced with an insu1ated door that meets current energy 
2 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5687 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.039 H29JYPT1
Insert graphic folio 1104/24 EH29JY15.019smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION 
DENVER FEDERAL CENTER BUILDING 56 
LAKEWOOD, CO 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District: PBS 
PC0-0533-LA 16 
7 
pcrfonnancc requirements and eliminates the entry of air, moisture and other 
contaminates. 
The existing dampers and controls on the building air handling units are past their useful 
life, allow air infiltration, and create inefficiencies in the building heating and air 
conditioning. This project proposes to fix the leaky dampers and allow better control of 
outside air entering the space with upgraded digital energy efficient equipment. 
The existing fire alarm system is also past its useful life and has become increasingly 
difficult and costly to repair. The system currently docs not meet the requirements in 
GSA PBS-PI 00 Facilities Standards tbr the Public Buildings Service or the Architectural 
Barriers Act Accessibility Standards (ABAAS). The building requires installation of a 
new system that meets current code requirements. 
The building offers both light industrial and laboratory space, including space used by the 
Bureau of Reclamation for electrical testing of equipment and engineering testing of 
structural dam models. Undertaking the necessary infrastructure improvements wiJI help 
ensure long-term tenancy and meet customer agency needs. Building 56 offers unique 
space for its federal tenants that would be difficult to find or replicate in the private 
market. 
Summary of Energy Compliance 
This project will be designed to confonn to requirements of the FaciJities Standards for 
the Public Buildings Service and will implement strategies to meet the Guiding Principles 
for High Performance and Sustainable Buildings. GSA encourages design opportunities 
to increase energy and water efficiency above the minimum performance criteria. 
Prior Appropriations 
None 
Prior Committee Approvals 
None 
Prior Prospectus"Level Projects in Building (uast 10 vear§) 
Prospectus Description FY 
111-5 (ARRA) High Performance Green Building 2009 
including solar panel installation and 
chiller and boiler replacement Amount 
$2,367,000 
3 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5688 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.039 H29JYPT1
Insert graphic folio 1104/25 EH29JY15.020smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION 
DENVER FEDERAL CENTER BUILDING 56 
LAKEWOOD, CO 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District: 
Alternatives Considered (30-year, present value cost analysis) PBS 
PC0-0533-LA t 6 
7 
There are no feasible alternatives to this project. This is a limited scope renovation and 
the cost of the proposed project is far less than the cost of leasing or constructing a new 
building. 
Recommendation 
ALTERATION 
4 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5689 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.039 H29JYPT1
Insert graphic folio 1104/26 EH29JY15.021smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION 
DENVER FEDERAL CENTER BUILDING 56 
LAKEWOOD, CO 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District: 
Certification of Need PBS 
PC0-0533-LA 16 
7 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on _ __..Fe"""""bt,I,Jnwmury~2...,,,._c.2.u.O ..... J5..._ ________ _ 
R~mmended=---------"~~~~-------~~--------------------­
ervice 
5 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5690 July 29, 2015 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
ALTERATION —THEODORE LEVIN U .S. 
COURTHOUSE , DETROIT , MI 
Resolved by the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, 
appropriations are authorized for repairs and alterations for phase III of a multi-phase al-teration project to correct significant build-
ing deficiencies of the historic Theodore Levin U.S. Courthouse located at 231 West Lafayette Boulevard in Detroit, Michigan, 
including replacement or repair of major heating and air conditioning system compo-nents including air handling units and fiber-board ductwork and upgrades to the building automation system and plumbing, at an esti-mated construction cost of $62,752,000 and a 
management and inspection cost of $6,040,000 for a total estimated project cost for phase III of $68,792,000, a prospectus for which is at-tached to and included in this resolution. 
Provided, that the General Services Admin-
istration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolu-tion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.040 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5691 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.040 H29JYPT1
Insert offset folio 1104/28 here EH29JY15.022smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION 
THEODORE LEVIN U.S. COURTHOUSE 
DETROJT,MJ 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District: PBS 
PMI~0029-DE 16 
14 
FY2016 Project Summary 
The General Services Administration (GSA) is proposing phase Ill of a multi-phase 
alteration project to correct significant building deficiencies of the historic TI1eodore 
Levin U.S. Courthouse (Levin Courthouse) located at 231 West Lafayette Boulevard in 
Detroit, MI. The Levin Courthouse houses the Federal Courts for the Eastern District of 
Michigan. The proposed multi-phase project will correct deficiencies to ensure the long 
tenn occupancy of federal agencies by providing a safe and reliable work environment. 
The proposed scope for this phase includes replacement or repair of major heating and air 
conditioning system components including air handling units and fiberboard ductwork 
and upgrades to the building automation system and plumbing. 
F\'2016 Committee Approval and Appropriation Requested 
(Phase Ill M&l and ECC) ................................................................................ $68,792,000 
Major Work Items {all phases} 
HVAC replacement/repair, electrical systems replacement. elevator improvements, 
plumbing and fire and life safety upgrades, interior construction 
Proieet Budget 
Design 
Design (FY2014) .................................................................................. $10,200,000 
Total Design ........................................................................................... $10,200,000 
Estimated Construction Cost (ECC) 
Phase I {FY2014) .................................................................................. $19,259,000 
Phase II (FY20l5) .................................................................................. 37,539,000 
Phase III (FY2016 request) ................................................................... 62, 752,000 
Total ECC ....................................................................... ~················$119,550,000 
Management and Inspection (M&I) 
Phase I {FY2014) ............................................................................. , .........•..•.•.. , .. $1,541,000 
Phase II (FY2015) .................................................................................... 2,960,000 
Phase Ill (FY'2016 request) ..................................................................... 6,040,000 
Total M&l .......................................................................................... $10,541,000 
Estimated Total Project Cost* ..................................................... $140,291,000 
l 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5692 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.040 H29JYPT1
Insert offset folio 1104/29 here EH29JY15.023smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION 
THEODORE LEVIN U.S. COURTHOUSE 
DETROIT,MI 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District: PBS 
PMI-0029-DE16 
14 
*Tenant agencies may fund an additional amount for a1terations above the standard 
normally provided by GSA. 
Schedule 
Design 
Construction 
Building Start 
FY2014 
FY2016 Eud 
FY20l6 
FY2019 
The Levin Courthouse, located at 231 West Lafayette Boulevard in Detroit, Ml was 
constructed in 1934 in the Neo-Classical Revival style using reinforced concrete with an 
Indiana limestone faQade. The building is 771 ,904 gross square feet and contains 19 
inside parking spaces. It has I 0 stories above grade with a pair of two-story penthouses 
and a below grade level where vehic]es access the basement for deliveries, prisoner 
transfer to the building and judges' parking. The central core of the bui1ding opens to 
fonn a light-well from the 3rd to 1 olfj floors. The building is located on the southeastern 
edge of the central portion of the central business district of Detroit. This asset is I isted on 
the National Register of Historic Places as a contributing property to the historic district. 
Tenant Agencies 
Judiciary, Department of Justice, Congress-House of Representatives~ General Services 
Administration, U.S. Tax Court 
Proposed ProJect 
The three-phase project includes replacement of the building's chillers, air handling units, 
perimeter fan coil units, fiber-board ductwork, and upgrades to the Building Automation 
System. The building's electrical distribution system and emergency generator will be 
replaced and cloth wiring will be removed throughout the bui1ding. Domestic water 
piping will be repaired and restrooms will be renovated to provide Architectural Barriers 
Act Accessibility Standard (ABAAS) compliance. An egress stairwell will be added, the 
fire alann will be replaced, and the sprinkler system will be extended to provide full 
coverage. Public elevators will be replaced and a new freight elevator will be added. The 
basement loading dock area will be modified to better facilitate deliveries to the building. 
Hazardous materials related to the scope of work will be abated. 
This proposed final phase includes replacement or repair of major heating and air 
conditioning system components, including air handling units and fiberboard ductwork 
and upgrades to the building automation system and plumbing throughout the building. 
2 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5693 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.040 H29JYPT1
Insert offset folio 1104/30 here EH29JY15.024smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION 
THEODORE LEVIN U.S. COURTHOUSE 
DETROJT,MI 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District: PBS 
PM1-0029~DE16 
14 
In this phase, temporary 'swing space will be constructed within the building for 
successive tenants to occupy while work is perfonned in their space. The build-out of 
internal swing space will require the relocation of a tenant from the building into external 
swing. 
Phase I (FY20 14) included the design of the entire project and the addition of the egress 
stairweli and Fort Street stair corridor, a new freight elevator, replacement of the chillers, 
and rcconfiguration of the basement loading dock area. 
Phase 1I {FY20 15) of the project included the replacement of the fire alarm, electrical 
distribution system and emergency generator, perimeter fan coils, and the majority of the 
passenger elevators, and extension of the fire sprinkler system 
Major Work Items 
HV AC Replacement/Repair 
Fire and Life Safety Upgrades 
Electrical System Replace~ent 
Interior Construction 
Plumbing Upgrades 
Elevator Improvements 
TotaiECC 
Justification $56,891,000 
19,961,000 
15,973,000 
13,039,000 
7,178,000 
6,508,000 
$119,550,000 
The historic Levin Courthouse serves as the Federal Courts for the Eastern District of 
Michigan. In recent years, the Courthouse has experienced electrical outages, failures of 
the HV AC system, elevator outages, and frequent flooding resulting from pipe ruptures, 
resulting in major disruptions to tenant agencies' mission execution. Major building 
systems are well beyond their useful lives, do not comply with current codes, and are 
inefficient and difficult to maintain. Fire and life safety systems are outdated and egress 
pathways are inadequate. 
Public restrooms · do not comply with accessibility requirements and the current 
configuration of the basement loading dock area prevents the delivery of materials during 
nonnal business hours. The building's freight elevator is undersized, which makes the 
transport of materials throughout the building very inefficient. 
3 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5694 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.040 H29JYPT1
Insert offset folio 1104/31 here EH29JY15.025smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION 
THEODORE LEVIN U.S. COURTHOUSE 
DETROIT,MI PBS 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District: PMJ-0029-DE16 
14 
Summary of Energy Compliance 
This project wilt be designed to confonn to requirements of the Facilities Standards for 
the Public Buildings Setvice and will implement strategies to meet the Guiding Principles 
for High Performance and Sustainable Buildings. GSA encourages design opportunities 
to increase energy and water efficiency above the minimum performance criteria. 
Prior Appropriations 
Theodore Levin Courthouse 
Prior Appropriations 
Public Law Fiscal Year Amount Purpose 
113-76 2014 $31 ,000,000 Design/Construction 
J 13·235 2015 $40,499,000 Construction 
Appropriations to Date $71,499,000 
Prior Committee Approvals 
Theodore Levin Courthouse 
Prior Committee Approvals 
Committee Date Amount Purpose 
HouseT& I 2/11/14 $31 ,000,000 Design/Construction 
SenateEPW 2/6/14 $31,000,000 Design/Construction 
HouseT & I 7/16/14 $40,499,000 Construction 
Prior Prospectus Level Projects in the BuDding fuast 10 years) 
None 
4 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5695 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.040 H29JYPT1
Insert offset folio 1104/32 here EH29JY15.026smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION 
THEODORE LEVIN U.S. COURTHOUSE 
DETROIT,MI PBS 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District: PMI-0029-DEI6 
14 
Alternatives Considered (30-year, present value cost analysis) 
Alteration: ...................................................................................... $23 7 ,I 03,000 
Lease .............................................................................................. $339,241 ,000 
New Construction: ......................................................................... $3 I 3,266,000 
The 30-year, present value cost of alteration is $76, 163,000 less than the cost of new 
construction with an equivalent annual cost advantage of$4,351,000. 
Recommendation 
ALTERATION 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5696 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.040 H29JYPT1
Insert offset folio 1104/33 here EH29JY15.027smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION 
THEODORE LEVIN U.S. COURTHOUSE 
DETROJT,MI 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District: 
Certification of Need PBS 
PMI-0029-DE 16 
14 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on _ __,fl""'e.._b ..... n~.~.~mowry+-"""2.,_, ....,.2 .... 0.,_,15...__ _______ _ 
6 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5697 July 29, 2015 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
ALTERATION —GOODFELLOW FEDERAL COMPLEX , 
ST. LOUIS , MO 
Resolved by the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, 
appropriations are authorized for repairs and alterations to undertake critical life safety 
infrastructure renovations and to replace and upgrade the remainder of the deterio-rating sewer system infrastructure at the 
Goodfellow Federal Complex located at 4300 Goodfellow Boulevard in St. Louis, Missouri, at a design cost of $3,101,000, an estimated construction cost of $38,079,000 and a man-agement and inspection cost of $2,667,000 for 
a total estimated project cost of $43,847,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and in-cluded in this resolution. 
Provided, that the General Services Admin-
istration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolu-tion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.040 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5698 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.040 H29JYPT1
Insert offset folio 1104/35 here EH29JY15.028smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS- ALTERATION 
GOODFELLOW FEDERAL COMPLEX 
ST. LOUIS, MO 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District: 
F¥2016 Project Summary PBS 
PMO-OOAF-SL 16 
01 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a repair and alteration project to 
undertake critical life safety infrastructure renovations and to replace and upgrade the 
remainder of the deteriorating sewer system infrastructure at the Goodfellow Federal 
Complex (Goodfellow) located at 4300 Goodfellow Boulevard, St. Louis, MO. 
F¥2016 Committee Approval and Appropriation Reguested 
(Design, ECC, M&l) .......................................................................................... $43,M7 ,000 
Maior Work Items 
Electrical system replacement, maintaining land repairs, and building structure repairs, 
sewer separation and replacement. 
Project Budget 
Desigt1 ..................... , ................................ , .......................................................... $3, I 01,000 
Estimated Construction Cost {ECC) .............................................................. 38,079,000 
Management and Inspection (M&I) ................................................................. 2.667.000 
Estimated Total Project Cost (ETPC) ............................................................ $43,847,000 
*Tenant agencies may fund an additional amount for alterations above the standard 
normally provided by the GSA. 
Schedule 
Design and Construction 
Complex Start 
FY2016 End 
FY2018 
The Goodfellow Federal Complex consists of 24 buildings constructed out of steel frame 
and concrete floors with masonry exterior walls. The complex was built in 1941 by the 
Department of Defense and was utilized as an Anny Small Anns Munitions Plant to 
support the World War II effort. On July 1, 1996, the ownership and operation of this 
complex was transferred from the Anny to GSA. GSA renovated the complex into a 
suburban office park. 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5699 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.040 H29JYPT1
Insert offset folio 1104/36 here EH29JY15.029smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
Tenant Agencies PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION 
GOODFELLOW FEDERAL COMPLEX 
ST. LOUIS, MO 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District: PBS 
PMO-OOAF-SL 16 
01 
Department of Defense (DoD) -Defense Infonnation System Agency (DISA), U.S. 
Army, U.S. Department of Veterans Affair, U.S. Department of Commerce, and GSA 
Field Office 
Proposed Project 
The proposed project will address the fire and life safety and occupational safety/health 
deficiencies within the electrical vaults system nnd substations, and complete the 
replacement ofthe sewer system project begun under ARRA. 
Proposed repairs to the electrical vault system include waterproofing the exterior concrete 
tunnels; removing of an debris nnd abandoned utilities; cleaning and sealing the tunnel 
interior; mold remediation; replacing electrical lighting and components; replacing sump 
pumps and fans; reconnection to Building Automation System; repairing leaking piping 
and re·insulation; replacing mechanical ventilation system equipment; and installing new 
access gatest including emergency notification hardware. 
The building structure repairs for Building 103 will focus on dehumidification of the 
crawl space and repairing deteriorated column connections. The building structure 
repairs will also address electrical issues with lighting and panels; and removal of 
abandoned pipes, supports and wiring. 
The sewer system portion of the project includes completion of the replacement and 
separation of the existing sanitary and stonn sewers, attaching new storm sewers to an 
existing stonn water detention area, and landscape and hardscape restoration. The' new 
system will incorporate sustainable practices to reduce stonnwater runoff and enhance 
the landscape with native landscaping. 
Major Work Items 
Electrical Systems Replacement 
Building Structure/Site Repairs 
Sewer Separation and Replacement 
Total ECC 
Justification $20,972,000 
10,702,000 
6.405.000 
$38,079,000 
The electrical vaults and utility tunnel systems are in critical disrepair. Currently, the 
vaults and tunnel are in violation of OSHA regulation 29CFR 1910 and NFPA life safety 
101 guidelines for the electrical vaults system. Access to the vaults has been severely 
2 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5700 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.040 H29JYPT1
Insert offset folio 1104/37 here EH29JY15.030smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION 
GOODFELLOW FEDERAL COMPLEX 
ST. LOUIS, MO 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District: PBS 
PMO-OOAF-SL16 
01 
restricted due to satcty concerns creating an unsafe environment tbr employees and 
contractors who are required to pertbnn work in the tunnels. 
The 60 year old utility tunnels, which house electrical, telecom network cabling, 
domestic potable and fire protection water supplies for various buildings on the campus 
are underground, and due to insufficient water proofing of the exterior, are experiencing 
water infiltration. The infiltmtion is causing delamination of the interior twmel walls; 
corrosion of structural steel piping supports, lighting fixtures, and some stream piping; 
mold and humidity issues which are having a negative impact on the indoor air quality of 
the buildings above. These deteriorating elements increase risk for Joss of service, 
potentially impacting the 2417 mission critical operations for many of the tenants. 
Water infiltration is also impacting the crawl space of Building 103 and is causing 
humidification issues, electrical issues, deterioration of the column connections and 
negative air quality impacts to the tenant spaces above the crawl space. 
Approximately 60 percent of Goodfellow's sewer system has been replaced under 
ARRA. Original ARRA project scope was to separate and reuse the existing sanitary 
system and add a storm water system. However, it was determined that the original 
scope was not viable due to deterioration and code, requiring GSA to limit the scope of 
the ARRA project. This proposed project will replace the remainder of the deteriorating 
sewer system infrastructure. The existing sewer system is leaching, causing soil erosion 
and building settlement egress issues. The existing sewer is causing sidewalks connecting 
the various buildings on the complex to settle or sink into the ground, causing 
Architectural Barriers Act Accessibility Standards and potential tripping hazards. 
Undertaking this proposed project will promote the government's commitment to 
achieving the mandates set forth in Executive Order 13 J 54 and the Clean Water Act, and 
correct safety deficiencies. The proposed project incorporates sustainable practices to 
reduce storm water runoff via the utilization of current detention ponds for on-site 
irrigation and will enhance the site with native landscaping. 
Summary of Energy Compliance 
This project will be designed to conform to requirements of the Facilities Standards for 
the Public Buildings Service and will implement strategies to meet the Guiding Principles 
for High Performance and Sustainable Buildings. GSA encourages design opportunities 
to increase energy and water efficiency above the minimum performance criteria. 
3 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5701 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.040 H29JYPT1
Insert offset folio 1104/38 here EH29JY15.031smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS- ALTERA TJON 
GOODFELLOW FEDERAL COMPLEX 
ST. LOUIS, MO 
Prospectus Number: PBS 
Congressional District: PMO-OOAP-SL16 
01 
Prior Appropriations 
None 
Prior Committee Approvals 
None 
Prior Prospectus-Level Projects in Complex {past 10 years) 
Prospectus 
PM0-0609/0612-SL06 
P.L. lt 1-15 Description 
Amend Prospectus PM0-02004 
ARRA-partial sewer replacement 
Alternatives Considered {30-year, present value cost analysis) FY Amount 
2006 $4,125,000 
2009 $16,000,000 
There are no feasible alternatives to this project. This is a limited scope renovation and 
the cost of the proposed project is far less than the cost of leasing or constructing a new 
building. 
Recommendation 
ALTERATION 
4 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5702 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.040 H29JYPT1
Insert offset folio 1104/39 here EH29JY15.032smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
Certification of Need PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION 
GOODFELLOW FEDERAL COMPLEX 
ST. LOUIS, MO 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District: PBS 
PMO-OOAF-SL 16 
01 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on _ ___.Eli.:Seb....,.t'l.i.llm,..ry~.-2,_, -.~.2;u,Ou.1..~..s ________ _ 
5 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5703 July 29, 2015 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
ALTERATION —ALEXANDER HAMILTON U .S. 
CUSTOM HOUSE , NEW YORK , NEW YORK  
Resolved by the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, 
appropriations are authorized for repairs and alterations for Phase I of a two-phase repair and alteration project to correct building de-
ficiencies at the Alexander Hamilton U.S. Custom House, a National Historic Land-mark, located at 1 Bowling Green, New York 
City, New York, including water infiltration remediation in the sub-basement and base-ment levels to prevent further damage to the building, at a design cost for Phase I and Phase II of $5,204,000, an estimated construc-tion cost for Phase I of $38,079,000 and a man-
agement and inspection cost for Phase I of $3,215,000 for a total estimated project cost of $46,498,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. 
Provided, that the General Services Admin-
istration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolu-tion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.040 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5704 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00110 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.040 H29JYPT1
Insert offset folio 1104/41 here EH29JY15.033smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION 
ALEXANDER HAMILTON U.S. CUSTOM HOUSE 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District; PNY-0131-NY16 
10 
FY2016 Pro!cct Summa a 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes Phase I of a two-phase repair and 
alteration project to correct building deficiencies at the Alexander Hamilton U.S. Custom 
House, a National Historic Landmark located at I Bowling Green, New York City, New 
York. This proposed project (Phase I) will remediate water infiltration in the sub­
basement and basement level to prevent further damage to the building. Phase U, to be 
submitted as part of a future request, proposes replacing the skylight, replacing the 
exterior windows with blast windows and repairing the laylight. The proposed two-phase 
project win ensure the Iong-tenn occupancy of federal agencies by providing a safe and 
reliable work environment. 
FY2016 Committee Approval and Appropriation Requested 
(Design, Phase I ECC and M&l) ..................................................................... $46,498,000 
Major Work Items 
Exterior construction and restoration; interior construction and restoration; hazardous 
materials abatement; building coordination and security 
Proiect Budget 
Design Phase I and II (FY16 Request) .................................................... $5,204.000 
Estimated Construction Cost (ECC) 
Phase I (FY2016 Request) .................................................................... $38,079,000 
Phase II (TBD) ....................................................................................... 25,047,000 
Total ECC ................................................................................................. $63,126,000 
Management and Inspection (M&I) 
Phase I (FY2016 Request) ........................................................................ 3,215,000 
Phase II (fBD) ........................................ " . ., ............................................ 2,194,000 
Total M&I .. -................................................................................................ .5,409,000 
Estimated Total Project Cost (ETPC) ................................................... $73, 739,000 
Schedule 
Design (Phase I and II) 
::onstruction (Phase I) 
::=onstruction (Phase II) Start 
FY2016 
FY2017 
TBD End 
FY2017 
FY2019 
TBD 
1 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5705 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00111 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.040 H29JYPT1
Insert offset folio 1104/42 here EH29JY15.034smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION 
ALEXANDER HAMIL TON U.S. CUSTOM HOUSE 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK PBS 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District: PNY-013 1-NY16 
10 
Building 
The Alexander Hamilton U.S. Custom House, located in lower Manhattan at the 
beginning of Broadway and just east of Battery Park, was designed by the renowned 
architect Cass Gilbert and includes artwork by Daniel Chester French and Reginald 
Marsh. The building presents a square plan with a central rotunda and surrounding 
corridors. It contains 501,225gross square feet of space and features a heavily detailed 
gray granite fat;:ade and monumental sculptural elements located in front of the building. 
The building is listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 1972 and was 
designated a National Historic Landmark in 1976. 
Tenant Agencies 
U.S. Bankruptcy Court, Smithsonian Institution, U.S. Department of Transportation, 
Federal Trade Commission, U.S. Department of the Interior, U.S.· Department of 
Homeland Security and the National Archives and Records Administration. 
Proposed Project 
Phase I of the project is intended to remediate water infiltration in the sub-basement level 
and basement level of the building. This project will include the excavation/replacement 
of the sidewalk around the building to provide access to the affected areas in the sub­
basement. It will involve leak mitigation for the vehicle ramp, the access hatches, the 
sidewalk vault and the exterior joints and replacement/repair of piping as needed. The 
project will also involve major structural repairs to support beams as needed as well as 
the removal of hazardous materials. 
Phase II of the project consists of the replacement of all exterior windows with blast 
protection windows on all sides and replacement of the skylight and repair of the laylight 
in the rotunda. Restoration of murals in the rotunda including architectural repair work 
for the entire ceiling in the rotunda, and restoration of exterior sculptures on the northern 
fa~ade parapet including the center cornice will also be completed. 
Maior Work Items (PhaseD 
Exterior Construction 
Interior Construction 
Hazardous Materials Abatement 
Building Coordination and Security 
Total $22.448,000 
12,260,000 
433,000 
2.938,000 
$38,079,000 
2 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5706 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00112 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.040 H29JYPT1
Insert offset folio 1104/43 here EH29JY15.035smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION 
ALEXANDER HAMIL TON U.S. CUSTOM HOUSE 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK PBS 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District: PNY-0131-NYI6 
10 
J ustifieation 
Water infiltration in the sub-basement and basement is jeopardizing the structural 
integrity of the building and building systems. Electrical wiring and conduit has corroded 
and has been replaced due to water infiltration. Water and drain piping located under the 
sidewalk vault could collapse causing additional damage and is a potential safety hazard. 
Falling debris from damaged areas could pose a safety concern to personnel and would 
result in more costly emergency work. Water infiltrating into the windows is also 
causing damage to the building interior and is negatively affecting the building's energy 
efficiency. 
The building does not meet current standards for facility security. Additionally, age and 
exposure to weather and the elements is negatively impacting the building's exterior and 
interior artwork. Failure to make the appropriate repairs to the bui1ding will result in 
further damage to this National Historic Landmark. 
Summan of Energy Compliance 
This project will be designed to conform to requirements of the Facilities Standards for 
the Public Buildings Service and will implement strategies to meet the Guiding Principles 
for High Performance and Sustainable Buildings. GSA encourages design opportunities 
to increase energy and water efficiency above the minimum performance criteria. 
Prior Appropriations 
None 
Prior Committee Approvals 
None 
J!rior Proseectus-Level Pr!!iests in Building (past 10 yean): 
None 
Alternatives Considered (30-year, present value cost analysis) 
There are no feasible alternatives to this project. 111is is a limited scope renovation and the cost 
of the proposed project is far less than the cost of leasing or constructing a new building. 
Recommendation 
ALTERATION 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5707 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00113 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.040 H29JYPT1
Insert offset folio 1104/44 here EH29JY15.036smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS -ALTERATION 
ALEXANDER HAMILTON U.S. CUSTOM HOUSE 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK PBS 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District: PNY-0131-NY 16 
JO 
Certification of Need 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Goven1ment need. 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on _ _.E ...... eb ........ n:t.,..~~_.2...., • ......._2Q,...l._s._ _______ _ 
4 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5708 July 29, 2015 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
ALTERATION —JACOB K . JAVITS FEDERAL OFFICE  
BUILDING , NEW YORK , NY 
Resolved by the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, 
appropriations are authorized for repairs and alterations for the reconfiguration and alter-ation of vacant space to consolidate func-
tions and meet the long-term needs of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, U.S. De-partment of Health and Human Services, and the U.S. Corps of Engineers at the Jacob K. Javits Federal Office Building located at 26 Federal Plaza in New York, New York, at an 
estimated construction cost of $89,211,000 and a management and inspection cost of 
$7,133,000 for a total estimated project cost of $96,344,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. 
Provided, that the General Services Admin-
istration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolu-tion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00114 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.041 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5709 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00115 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.041 H29JYPT1
Insert offset folio 1104/46 here EH29JY15.037smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
PROSPECTUS --ALTERATION 
JACOB K. JA VITS FEDERAL OFFICE BUILDING 
NEW YORK, NY 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District: 
FY2016 Project Summary PNY -0282-NY16 
08 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a repair and alteration project for 
the rcconfit:,JUration and alteration of vacant space at the Jacob K. Javits Federal Office 
Building (FOB) located in New York City, New York, to consolidate functions and meet 
the long-tenn needs of the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), U.S. Department of 
Health and Human Services (HHS), and the U.S. Corp of Engineers (USACE). The 
proposed consolidation will reduce the overall federal footprint in downtown Manhattan, 
recapture approximately 312,000 rentable square feet (rsf) and 235,000 usable square feet 
(usf) of vacant space, upgrade multiple building systems, remove hazardous materials, 
and eliminate annual lease payments to the private sector by approximately $13,000,000 
annually. 
F\'2016 Committee Approval and Appropriation Requested 
(ECC, M& I) ......................................................................................................... $96,344,000 
Maior Work Items 
Demolition; hazardous material abatement: interior construction; mechanical, electrical, 
and fire protection and life safety upgrades 
Protect Budget 
Design (FY20 15 Reprogramming) 
Estimated Construction Cost (ECC) 
Management and Inspection (M&I) 
Estimated Total Project Cost (ETPC}* $7,660,000 
89,211,000 
7,133,000 
$104,004,000 
*Tenant agencies may fund an additional amount for tenant improvements above the 
standard normally provided by the GSA. 
Schedule 
Design 
Construction 
Building Start 
FY2015 
FY2016 End 
FY2016 
FY2019 
The Jacob K. Javits Federal Office Building (FOB) is located at 26 Federal Plaza, New 
York, NY. It consists of three interconnected buildings: a 45-story office building plus 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5710 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00116 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.041 H29JYPT1
Insert offset folio 1104/47 here EH29JY15.038smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION 
JACOB K. JA VITS FEDERAL OFFICE BUILDING 
NEW YORK, NY 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District: PNY -0282-NY16 
08 
basement, an eight-story courthouse and office building built in 1967 (the James L. 
Watson Court of lntemational Trade), and a 45-story addition (Annex) built along the 
west side of the original 45-story building in 1977. The two 45-story buildings function 
together as the Jacob K. Javits Federal Office Building. The Watson Court of 
International Trade (CIT) is connected to the FOB via a 4-story pedestrian bridge. The 
entire Jacob K. Javits Federal Building complex consists of approximately 2.9 million 
gross square feet. 
Tenant Agencies 
Federal Bureau of Investigations (FBI}, U.S. Department of Health and Human Services 
(HHS), U.S. Department of Defense- Anny Corps of Engineers {USACE) 
Proposed Project 
The proposed project includes the build-out of approximately 312,000 rsf and 235,000 
usf of space to accommodate the FBI, which is currently housed in leased space, and 
consolidated space for HHS and USACE, which are currently located within the FOB. In 
addition, the project will remove asbestos, upgrade mechanical and electrical systems, 
and address fire and life safety issues. 
Maior Work Items 
Demolition and Abatement 
Interior Construction 
Mechanical and Electrical Upgrades 
Fire/Life Safety Upgrades 
TotaiECC 
Justification $7,583,000 
24,346,000 
52,284,000 
4,998.000 
$89,211,000 
In late 2015, GSA will to move to One World Trade Center, vacating multiple floors in 
the FOB and providing an opportunity for the consolidation of agency space within the 
FOB. 
The FBI has an immediate need to relocate their New York Field Office Joint Terrorism 
Task Force and Joint Operation Center, currently housed in costly leased space at 85 
Tenth Avenue, New York, NY, into the FOB. The FBI, which currently occupies floors 
22 through 28, will be provided contiguous space within the FOB. Additionally, the FBI 
currently has parking space associated with its operations at 85 Tenth Avenue, housed in 
2 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5711 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00117 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.041 H29JYPT1
Insert offset folio 1104/48 here EH29JY15.039smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
PROSPECTUS- ALTERATION 
JACOB K. JA VITS FEDERAL OFFICE BUILDING 
NEW YORK, NY 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District: PNY -0282-NY16 
08 
leased space at 516-520 West 20th Street, New York, NY. The FBI will improve their 
overall utilization rate from 196 usf to 132 usf. 
HHS and USACE, which arc currently-located in the FOB, will be able to consolidate 
their opemtions within the renovated space. HHS will improve their overall utilization 
rate from 281 usfto 174 usfand USACE from 266 usfto 199 usf. 
Asbestos removal and upgrades to the fire aiann system will ensure occupant safety. 
Planned up~:,rrades to the HVAC mechanical system and replacement of perimeter 
induction units are necessary to sustain the life of the equipment. Upgrades to the 
lighting system to LED with associated control systems and modifications to normal and 
emergency power distributions systems will increase energy efficiency. 
Summary of Energy CompUance 
This project will be designed to conform to requirements of the Facilities Standards for 
the Public Buildings Service and will implement strategies to meet the Guiding Principles 
for High Perfonnance and Sustainable Buildings. GSA encourages design opportunities 
to increase energy and water efficiency above minimum performance criteria. 
Prior Appropriations 
None 
Prior Committee Approvals 
None 
Prior Prospectus-Level Projects in BuDding (past 10 years): 
Prospectus Description FY 
P.L. 111-5 (ARRA) Plaza Restoration 
PNY-0282-2-NY14 Renovation FBI space 2009 
2014 Amount 
$25,360,000 
$6,520,000 
3 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5712 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00118 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.041 H29JYPT1
Insert offset folio 1104/49 here EH29JY15.040smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECfUS- ALTERATION 
JACOB K.JAVITS FEDERAL OFFICE BUILDING 
NEW YORK, NY PBS 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District: PNY -0282-NY 16 
08 
Alternatives Considered {30-year, present value cost analysis) 
Alteration: ...................................................................................... $141~133,000 
Lease .............................................................................................. $321 ,448,000 
New Construction: ......................................................................... $575,825,000 
The 30-year, present value cost of alteration is $180,316,000 less than the cost of leasing 
with an equivalent annual cost advantage of $10,30 l ,000. 
Recommendation 
ALTERATION 
4 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5713 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00119 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.041 H29JYPT1
Insert offset folio 1104/50 here EH29JY15.041smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS- ALTERATION 
JACOB K. JA VITS FEDERAL OFFICE BUILDING 
NEW YORK, NY PBS 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District: PNY -0282-NY 16 
08 
Certification of Need 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on __ ...... Fe"'""""bn'"""""]a .... ry-ll--'2..,,'""""""2 ..... n1 ..... 5..__ _______ _ 
5 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5714 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00120 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.041 H29JYPT1
Insert offset folio 1104/51 here EH29JY15.042smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEJanuary 2015 Loatloo$ P=onncl 
Office Total 
lAue liS Tenth A~. NY. NY f!<llO 602 602 
J-.cob K. Javlts FOB 
U.S. A.mri Coms ofEwtineas 37S )75 
IU.S. or Jusllcc-FBI" 
U.S. Heallh ll!d Hwnlll Servkes 44() 440 
1~1 SIS 815 
Toeat 1Al7 1.417 Housing Plan 
Jacob K. Ja\its FOB 
CURREl'oT Usable Sm!.aJ Fa!t USF)' 
OlfiCe Storllft Soedal 
102782 6000 9.391 
98.182 862 
122666 IllS 
220.848 1.977 
323.6311 6.000 ll.:t61 Pcnotmel 
Tlltal orr-Tau! 
118113 99.906 375 375 
602 602 
123.781 440 440 
223.687 1.417 1.417 
:44.J~ ... l.417 1.417 
cc~~·-... 1~s Cllt'mlt Ollk:e UR c:JU:Iudes 71,199usfofoflke SllJlPOit spac:c:. 
PI'®QSCd Office UR cxtludts 45.2$8 ~t~f of offict:: $lll!flOrt ~:~~aCe. 
Onntl USf' ltm 4 
NOTES: 1 USF-., dlc portion or the bulldm. availabk ror IISI! by all!nant's ~~ ud lilmiWngs and JPaCC 1vailablc jomtly to lbe oecupanl$ oflbe bllildix!g. 
2 TO\al ~FBI usia=-l within the FOB is IIJlFOKimaiCiy 350,000 USF. 
3 Office Utilizatkm kate • total otr..:e IJ7liCll availablt' for oft"ICC pen;cm:nel. UR cala!lation e~ludes cffic:e support space USF. 
4 Total Blll1ding USF Rale ~ lOW buildillg USF (oflke, lltlnlgc, ~ill!) available for Ill! buildillg oceupacts Co~. and OOIK!ffice pct'50ClllCI). 
S Total cllfi'Cflt USf fw lbe JW~b Javits FOB Is ~ly l, '100.000 USF PROPOSED U#bleSqua 
Otr.ce S!OI'fte 
73.924 S7.083 2.$84 
74.711 820 
20$.718 3.404 
205 718 3,404 P"'Y .0282-NY16 
Ne'YI York. SY 
fm(USf1 J 
Special Total .. 
862 74.186 
23.440 83 107 
l.liS 76.646 
2$,417 234 539 
15.417 234539 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5715 July 29, 2015 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
ALTERATION —FEDERAL OFFICE BUILDING , 
SEATTLE , WA 
Resolved by the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, appropriations are authorized for repairs and 
alterations to address exterior deficiencies at the historic Federal Office Building lo-cated at 909 1st Avenue in Seattle, Wash-
ington, at a design cost of $1,690,000, an esti-mated construction cost of $17,515,000 and a management and inspection cost of $1,645,000 for a total estimated project cost of 
$20,850,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. 
Provided, that the General Services Admin-
istration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolu-tion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00121 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.041 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5716 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00122 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.041 H29JYPT1
Insert offset folio 1104/53 here EH29JY15.043smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION 
FEDERAL OFFICE BUILDING 
SEATILE, WA 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District: 
FY2016 Proiect Summary PBS 
PWA-0036-SE16 
7 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a repair and alteration project to 
address exterior deficiencies at the historic Federal Office Building, located at 909 I 51 
A venue, Seattle, W A. 
FY2016 Committee Approval and g:\ppropriation Requested 
(Design, ECC, M&l) ............................................................................................. $20,850,000 
Major Work Items 
Exterior construction; roof replacement 
Project Budget 
Design •t·······························*·········································· .. ········,····················,$1,690,000 
Estimated Construction Cost (ECC) .............................................................. 17,515,000 
Management and Inspection (M&I) ................................................................. I ,645,000 
Estimated Total Project Cost (ETPC) ............................................................ $20,850,000 
Schedule 
Design and Construction 
~oil ding Start 
FY2016 End 
FY2018 
The Federal Office Building, constructed in 1933, is listed on the National Register of 
Historic Places and provides approximately 305,000 gross square feet over 11 stories, 
including sub-basement and basement levels. There are 53 indoor parking spaces located 
in the sub-basement level. The building is located across the street from the Henry M. 
Jackson Federal Building. 
Tenant Agencies 
U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development; U.S. Department of Interior 
Department; Equal Employment Opportunity Commission; Department of Energy; U.S. 
Department of Health and Human Services; U.S. Department of Veteran Affairs; U.S. 
Postal Service; and U.S. Department of Defense 
1 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5717 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00123 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.041 H29JYPT1
Insert offset folio 1104/54 here EH29JY15.044smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
Proposed Proiect PROSPECTUS ALTERATION 
FEDERAL OFFICE BUILDING 
SEATILE, WA 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District: PBS 
PWA-0036-SEl6 
7 
The proposed project will restore deteriorated exterior facade to stop material degradation 
and water intrusion into the building. The project will clean the exterior masonry of all 
biological growth and inspect, repair, and repoint the mortar joints, granite, brick, and 
terra cotta to provide protection from water penetration and prevent dislodging debris 
from falling onto the sidewalk below. The project will also replace roofs on the wing and 
dome shoulder and restore steel windows by stripping exterior paint, removing all 
corrosion, replacing broken glass, and installing new glazing putty, and restore the 
corroded flag pole base. 
Major Work Items 
Exterior restoration 
Roof replacement 
Total ECC 
Justification $16,315,000 
1.200.000 
$17,515,000 
The proposed restoration project is required to restore the deteriorated exterior facade and 
to stop material degradation and water intrusion into the building, to protect the tenants 
and general public. There are multiple locations on the exterior envelope where materials 
have decayed due to water infiltration in the interior wall cavity, causing damage and 
biological growth on the masonry. The window putty is deteriorated and the steel casing 
surrounding the windows is corroding causing glass to break. The roof on the wing and 
shoulder dome is deteriorated. Without restoration, the exterior materials will continue to 
degrade, compromising the building structure and putting pedestrians and tenants at risk 
from falling debris. 
SummarY of Energy Comeliance 
This project will be designed to conform to requirements of the Facilities Standards for 
the Public Buildings Service and will implement strategies to meet the Guiding Principles 
for High Performance and Sustainable Buildings. GSA encourages design opportunities 
to increase energy and water efficiency above the minimum performance criteria. 
2 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5718 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00124 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.041 H29JYPT1
Insert offset folio 1104/55 here EH29JY15.045smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
Prior Appropriations 
None PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION 
FEDERAL OFFICE BUILDING 
SEATTLE, WA 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District: 
Prior Committee Approvals 
None 
Prior Prospectus-Level Projects in Building (past 10 years} 
None 
Alternatives Considered (30-year, present value cost analysis} PBS 
PWA-0036-SE16 
7 
There are no feasible alternatives to this project. This is a limited scope renovation and 
the cost of the proposed project is far Jess than the cost of leasing or constructing a new 
building. 
Recommendation 
ALTERATION 
3 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5719 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00125 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.041 H29JYPT1
Insert offset folio 1104/56 here EH29JY15.046smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
Certification of Need PROSPECTUS- ALTERATION 
FEDERAL OFFICE BUILDING 
SEATTLE, WA 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District; PBS 
PW A~0036-SE16 
7 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need, 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on _ _..FI...:.eb.ta:..P.w~1fld.!ry~a2,_, ...,2""'0c15ol.---------
ildings Service 
4 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5720 July 29, 2015 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
ALTERATION —FEDERAL BUILDING AND U .S. 
COURTHOUSE , MILWAUKEE , WI 
Resolved by the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-
resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, 
appropriations are authorized for repairs and alterations to repair and restore the granite 
fac¸ade at the historic Federal Building and 
U.S. Courthouse located at 517 E. Wisconsin 
Avenue in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, at a design cost of $2,026,000, an estimated construction cost of $23,294,000 and a management and in-spection cost of $2,071,000 for a total esti-mated project cost of $27,391,000, a prospectus 
for which is attached to and included in this resolution. 
Provided, that the General Services Admin-
istration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolu-tion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00126 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.041 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5721 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00127 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.041 H29JYPT1
Insert offset folio 1104/58 here EH29JY15.047smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION 
FEDERAL BUILDING AND U.S. COURTHOUSE 
MILWAUKEE, WI 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District: 
FV20l6 Project Summary PBS 
PWI-0044-MI16 
4 
The General Services Administration {GSA) proposes a repair and alteration project to 
repair and restore the !,1fanite fhvade at the historic Federal Building and U.S. Courthouse 
located at 517 E. Wisconsin Ave, Milwaukee, WJ. 
FY2016 Committee Approval and Appropriation Requested 
(Design, ECC, M&l) ...........••............•..•.................................•..........•.............. $27.;391,000 
Maior Work ltems 
Exterior construction 
Proiect Budget 
Desigt1 .................................................... ,. ............. "". ·········"···· ............................... . ., ....... $2,026, 000 
Estimated Construction Cost (ECC) .............................................................. 23,294,000 
Management and Inspection (M&I) ................................................................. 2.071.000 
Estimated Total Project Cost {ETPC) ............................................................ $27,391,000 
Schedule 
Design and Construction 
Building Start 
FY2016 End 
FY2018 
The Milwaukee Federal Building and U.S. Courthouse in Milwaukee, WI, is a five-story, 
granite structure originally constructed between 1892 andl899 and is listed on the 
National Register of Historic Places. Between 1929 and 1932, a five-story addition was 
erected to the south of the original building which was later increased in height to seven 
stories during the 1940s. The FB/CT, including the addition, has 543,510 gross square 
feet of space. Each comer of the original building features a short, round tower with a 
conical roof and a skylight atrium in the center. The building also features an open air 
light court at its center that extends down to the roof of the first floor. 
Tenant Agencies 
Judiciary, Department of Justice, U.S. Department of Homeland Security, and U.S. Tax 
Court. 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5722 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00128 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.041 H29JYPT1
Insert offset folio 1104/59 here EH29JY15.048smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS-ALTERATION 
FEDERAL BUILDING AND U.S. COURTHOUSE 
MILWAUKEE, WI 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District: 
Proposed Project PBS 
PWl-0044-M 116 
4 
The proposed project includes the repair and restoration of the building's faQade. The 
fa\!adc repairs include the stone cornices and t:,JUttcrs at the turrets on the North building 
and damaged granite corners on South building. The project also includes treatment and 
preservation of the exterior stone and brick masonry, as well as tuckpointing and sealant 
corrections. 
Major Work Items 
Exterior construction 
TotaJECC 
Justification $23.294,000 
$23,294,000 
Starting in 2010, pieces of the spalled granite faQade and stone felt from the exterior of 
the North and South buildings to the ground creating hazardous conditions for building 
tenants and the public. As a temporary measure to prevent similar occurrences until the 
fa\!fide is restored, structural netting was installed on all six turrets on the North building 
and on the four corners of the South building in 2011. 
All the stone cornices on the North building show significant levels of spalling and 
cracking. Aged steel anchor bolts set in the top face of the cornice stone have corroded. 
The gutter's drip edge offers minimal overlap with the stone cornice below and is 
allowing water to infiltrate behind the face of the stone. 
The comers on the South building show a remarkable amount of displacement and 
cracking. Repairs were undertaken in the 1990s, however the repairs did not address the 
root causes of the displacement nor reset the displaced stones; consequentially, the 
repairs have failed and the stones have continued to move. re-opening the cracks and 
mortar joints. 
Summary of Energy Compliance 
This project will be designed to conform to requirements of the Facilities Standards for 
the Public Buildings Service and will implement strategies to meet the Guiding Principles 
for High Performance and Sustainable Buildings. GSA encourages design opportunities 
to increase energy and water efficiency above the minimum performance criteria. 
2 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5723 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00129 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.041 H29JYPT1
Insert offset folio 1104/60 here EH29JY15.049smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECfUS- ALTERATION 
FEDERAL BUILDING AND U.S. COURTHOUSE 
MILWAUKEE, WI 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District: 
Prior Appropriations 
None 
Prior Committee Approvals 
None 
Prior Prospectus-Level Projects in Building (past 10 years) 
Prospectus Description FY 
PWl·0044-MI07 Repair and renovate windows, 
window frames, and doors 2007 
Alternatives Considered (30-year, present value cost analysis) PBS 
P WI-0044-M 116 
4 
Amount 
$5,599,000 
There are no feasible alternatives to this project. This is a limited scope renovation and 
the cost of the proposed project is far less than tho cost of leasing or constructing a new 
building. 
Recommendation 
ALTERATION 
3 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5724 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00130 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.041 H29JYPT1
Insert offset folio 1104/61 here EH29JY15.050smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS -ALTERATION 
FEDERAL BUILDING AND U.S. COURTHOUSE 
MILWAUKEE, WI 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District: PBS 
PWI-0044-Ml16 
4 
Certification of Need 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Govemment need. 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on _ _...E ... eh ..... ni...LWm~xy*-'2:;...,,,_,.,.20i.l..J._S ........... ________ _ 
Recommended: 
----~--~~~~~~----~---------------------Co missioner, Public Bu dings Service 
ApprovOO: ____ _3)S1}lt f-------··--~-------Administrator, General Services Administration 
4 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5725 July 29, 2015 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
CONSTRUCTION —DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND  
SECURITY CONSOLIDATION AT ST . ELIZABETHS , 
WASHINGTON , DC 
Resolved by the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-
resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, 
appropriations are authorized for the contin-ued development of the DHS consolidated 
headquarters at St. Elizabeths Campus in Washington, DC in accordance with and as revised and reduced by the 2015 DHS Head-quarters Consolidation Enhanced Plan at an additional design cost of $18,422,000, a pro-spectus for which is attached to and included 
in this resolution, as amended by this resolu-tion. This resolution amends the resolution 
approving prospectus PDC–0002–WA11 on De-cember 2, 2010 by reducing the estimated construction cost by $18,422,000. 
Provided, that the General Services Admin-
istration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolu-tion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00131 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.042 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5726 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00132 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.042 H29JYPT1
Insert offset folio 1104/63 here EH29JY15.051smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS- CONSTRUCTION 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY 
CONSOLIDATION AT ST. ELIZABETHS 
WASHINGTON, DC 
Overview of FY2016 Proiect Requirements PBS 
PDC-0002- W 
A 16 
GSA proposes to continue the ongoing development of the DHS consolidated headquarters at St. 
Elizabeths Campus by continuing work on the perimeter security, completing the final 
construction of the access road and new interchange between Malcolm X A venue and Interstate 
2951, rehabilitating buildings necessary to accommodate components of the DHS Secretary 
directorate plus Undersecretary of Management (USM) to be housed in the West Addition to the 
Center Building, AJiison Quad, Home and Relief Buildings, and Administration Row (Building 
69 plus Buildings 72 through 75), continuing design of future phases, and historic preservation 
activities. 
Fiscal Year 2016 Requirements 
Historic Preserv-ation ................................... ~ .................... ,. ............................................... 2,807,000 
Design (Phase 2a & 2b) ............................................................................................. 35,244,000 
Management and Inspection (Infrastructure, Highway Interchange & Phase 2a) .... 24, 135.000 
Estimated Construction Cost (Infrastructure, Highway Interchange & Phase 2a) . 317.479,000 
Total FY2016 Requirements ..................................................................................... $379,665,000 
FY2016 House Committee Approval Reguested2 ................................................... $231,521,000 
FY2016 Senate Committee Approval Reguested3 ................................................... $221,358,000 
FY2016 Appropriation Reguest ................... u ....................................... ~ ••••••••••••••••••• $379,665,000 
Overview of Protect 
GSA and DHS have worked collaboratively to update and revise the original DHS HQ 
consolidation program at St. Elizaheths Campus. The updated program, referred to as the 
'enhanced plan' seeks a more efficient utilization of space at a lower cost. The West Campus is 
a 176-acre National Historic Landmark that included 70 existing buildings containing 
approximately 1.2 million gsf of existing space. Several existing buildings have been 
demolished to make way for the USCG headquarters; as of December, 2014 there were 61 
buildings remaining that contain approximately 1 million gsf. Under the enhanced plan, DHS 
and GSA cut back on the overall scope of the program. DHS components will require less space 
This includes mitigation work such 118 landscaping and retaining walls for the access road along Shepherd Pkwy. 
2 This represents the balance of committee approval needed for this request less remaining appropriations needed for 
the Infrastructure Program and Highway Interchange Program, neither of which is subject to the requirements of 40 
U.S.C. Section 3307. 
1 See Footnote 2 above. 
1 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5727 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00133 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.042 H29JYPT1
Insert offset folio 1104/64 here EH29JY15.052smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
PROSPECTUS- CONSTRUCTION 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY 
CONSOLIDATION AT ST. ELIZABETHS 
WASHINGTON, DC 
PDC-0002-WA16 
through realized efficiencies and the FEMA 's headquarters that was planned for the East 
Campus will be consolidated onto the West Campus. The West Campus, however, will continue 
to be developed. in accordance with guidelines set out in the Master Plan as amended and/or as a 
result of continued compliance with NHPA and NEPA during specific project designs4• 
Committee approval and appropriations for Phase 1 of the project · construction of a new 
headquarters facility tbr the USCG called the Munro Building have already been obtained. 
Development Phase 2a includes construction of office space to consolidate DHS headquarters 
and the re-scoped DHS Operations Center (DOC), house various DHS leadership components, 
and provide amenity space. Phase 2b proposes the construction of a new headquarters facility 
for FEMA plus appropriate amenity space. Parking will also be included with these later phases. 
Phase 3 will accommodate portions of the remaining elements ofDHS headquarters units such as 
CBP and ICE. The project will include the rehabilitation of existing space as well as construction 
of new space. This prospectus seeks approval for appropriations to finish mitigation measures for 
the access road and interchange between Malcolm X A venue and I-295. The Firth Sterling 
portion of the road was completed in conjunction with completion of Phase 1. Also included will 
be continued work on perimeter security for the campus, rehabilitation of several existing 
buildings, historic preservation, and design and new construction. 
Proiect Phasing 
Phase la USCG,,, HQ (completed) 
Phase lb USCG-CC (completed) 
Phase 2a DHS (ongoing) 
Phase 2a DOC A (to be bui1t out) 
Phase 2a Other (to be completed) 
Phase 2b FEMA HQ (to be completed) 
Phase 3 ICE, CBP (to be completed) Coast Guard Headquarters 
Coast Guard Command Center/shared use 
space/GSA Field Office 
Office of the Secretary and Senior Leadership 
DHS Operations Center I West Addition 
Leadership presence of components not fully 
moving to St. Elizabeths 
Federal Emergency Management Agency 
(FEMA) Headquarters 
Significant presences of these components 
4 The Master Plan can be found at the project's web site: http://www.stelizabethsdevelopment com/ 
2 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5728 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00134 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.042 H29JYPT1
Insert offset folio 1104/65 here EH29JY15.053smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
Description 
Site Information 
Government-owned PROSPECTUS- CONSTRUCTION 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY 
CONSOLIDATION AT ST. ELIZABETHS 
WASHINGTON, DC 
Building without parking (gst) 
Building with parking (gst) 
Number of structured parking spaces 
Cost Summary at St. Elizabcths 
Planning 
Site Acquisition 
Design Cost 
Management and Inspection 
Historic Preservation Mitigations 
Estimated Construction Cost 
Estimated Total Project Cost 
Primary Occupants PBS 
PDC-0002-WA16 
176 acres 
up to 3,750,000 
up to 5,081,000 
up to 3,803 
20,008,000 
6,722,000 
199,791,000 
139,039,000 
5,899,000 
2.042.255,000 
$2,413,714,000 
USCG, DHS Headquarters Elements, the DOC, FEMA, CBP, ICE, and a Leadership Presence of 
Other DHS Components not relocating to the St. Elizabeths Campus 
I. SITE ACQUISITION PROGRAM SUMMARY 
Delineated Areas for Site Acquisition 
The proposed sites to be acquired are as follows: 
1. Approximately two acres of land located on Firth Sterling Avenue in southeast Washington, 
DC, where it is contiguous to the northwest comer of St. Elizabeths West Campus; the land 
is currently controlled by DC and CSX Corporation. 
2. Approximately one acre of land located along the east side of Martin Luther King, Jr. 
Avenue in southeast Washington, DC, between the Unified Communications Center and the 
current tunnel between the East Campus and West Campus. The land is currently controlled 
by DC. 
3. Approximately fourteen (14) acres of land located on Shepherd Parkway in southeast 
Washington, DC, between the St. Elizabeths West Campus and Malcolm X Avenue, 
parallel to Interstate 295. The land is currently controlled by the National Park Service. 
3 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5729 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00135 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.042 H29JYPT1
Insert offset folio 1104/66 here EH29JY15.054smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS- CONSTRUCfiON 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY 
CONSOLIDATION AT ST. ELJZABETHS 
WASHINGTON, DC 
Total Site Acquisition Proiect Budget PBS 
PDC-0002-WAJ6 
Site Acquisition (Firth Sterling 
Avenue) (FY2009) ........................................................ $2,722,000 
Site Acquisition (Martin Luther King, Jr. A venue) (ARRA) ............................................... 500,000 
Site Acquisition (Shepherd Parkway) (ARRA) ................................................................ .3,500,000 
Total Acquisition Budget5 .............................................................................................. $6, 722,000 
II. INFRASTRUCfURE PROGRAM SUMMARY 
Infrastructure repair I replacement costs include: demolition of specific buildings identified by 
the Master Plan; replacement of site utilities including electricity substations and local utility 
requirements, an addition to the existing power plant for a fully functional CUP with co­
generation capability; distribution systems for electricity, natural gas, domestic water, storm 
water, waste water, data systems and telecommunications; roadways, surface parking and 
sidewalks; refurbishment of historical ornamental landscape and creation of new landscape 
features as needed including flora; cleanup I repair of existing tunnels on site to improve safety 
and for potential use as systems distribution pathways; and site security fencing, entry gates, 
guard stations, and other site security features. There was $46 million for the access road 
construction originally included in the Infrastructure budget in prior years that has been moved to 
the Highway Interchange program budget in Part III of this prospectus. 
The planned alterations are necessary to preserve, maintain, and reuse this historic site. Existing 
infrastructure and the landscape have suffered from aging and deferred maintenance. The utility 
distribution systems are antiquated and deteriorated. Building repairs include repair and 
improvement of structural and life safety systems while maintaining historic integrity. The 
landscape will be maintained, protected, and preserved to the extent feasible. 
s Unused project funds originally requested for acquisition of parcels along Firth Sterling Avenue were redirected to 
Phase 1 b of the project to cover unforeseen conditions. Please see Section V. Phase 1 b footnotes. 
4 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5730 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00136 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.042 H29JYPT1
Insert offset folio 1104/67 here EH29JY15.055smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS- CONSTRUCTION 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY 
CONSOLIDATION ATST. ELIZABETHS 
WASHINGTON, DC PBS 
PDC-0002- W A 16 
Total Infrastructure Project Budget 
Design 
Design (FY2006) Phase Ia .................................................................................. $7,645,000 
Design (PY2009) Phase I b .................................................................................... 3,000,000 
Design (ARRA) Phase lb .................................................................................... l2,346,000 
Design (ARRA) Phase 2a ......................................................................................... 700,000 
Design (future year request) Future Phases ........................................................... 9,272.000 
Design Subtotal ................................................................................................................. $32,963,000 
Management and Inspection (M&J) 
M&J (FY2006) Phase I a ......................................................................................... $370,000 
M&I (FY2007) Phase Ja ........................................................................................... 532,000 
M&l (ARRA) Phase lb ......................................................................................... 5,382,000 
M&I (FY2016) Phase 2a ........................................................................................ 3,000,000 
M&I (future year request) Future Phases ........................................................................... 9.272,000 
M&l Subtotal ................................................................................................................. $18,556,000 
Estimated Construction Cost (ECC) 
ECC (FY2006) Phase la ........................................................................................... $5,080,000 
ECC (FY2007) Phase la ........................................................................................ 5,912,000 
ECC (FY2009) Phase 1a ........................................................................................ 5,249,000 
ECC (ARRA) Phase Ib ...................................................................................... l31,783,000 
ECC (FY2016) Phase 2a ...................................................................................... 57,000,000 
ECC (future year request) Future Phases ....................................................................... 115.896.000 
Estimated Construction Cost Subtotal .......................................... , .......................... $320,920,000 
Estimated Total Project Cost (ETPC) for Infrastrueture .••••••••.••.•••.••.•••••••••••••.•••. $372,439,000 
III. HIGHWAY INTERCHANGE PROGRAM SUMMARY 
The Highway Interchange Program that was developed as part of the Master Plan proposes an 
access road to the St. Elizabeths West Campus that extends between Firth Sterling Avenue to the 
north and Malcolm X Avenue to the south, parallel to Interstate·295. Funds for construction of 
the access road in the amount of $46 million were originally included in the Infrastructure 
program described above, but additional transportation improvements have subsequently been 
identified. A new, reconfigured interchange between Malcolm X Avenue and I-295 is one of 
these improvements. This reconfiguration will be necessary to direct St. Elizabeths traffic onto 
the access road that, in turn, will mitigate the impacts of additional traffic that is anticipated as 
5 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5731 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00137 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.042 H29JYPT1
Insert offset folio 1104/68 here EH29JY15.056smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS- CONSTRUCTION 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY 
CONSOLIDATION AT ST. ELIZABETHS 
WASHINGTON, DC PBS 
PDC-0002-WA16 
the result of the redevelopment of St. EJizabeths. GSA worked closely with FHWA and the DC 
Department of Transportation to prepare an Interchange Justification Report (IJR) to facilitate 
required modifications to the Malcolm X Interchange. Other related transportation improvements 
that are needed as a result of the St. Elizabeths development are also included below as separate 
line items. These improvements need to be funded in conjunction with Phase 2 of the project to 
avoid further schedule delays and cost escalations. 
Total Highway Interchange Project Budget 
Design 
Desi&:rn (ARRA) ..................................................................................................... 3,500,000 
Design (FY2012)6 .................................................................................................. 2,500,000 
Design (FY2015) ................................................................................................... 12,210,000 
Design Subtotal ............................................................................................................... $18,210,000 
Management and Inspection (M&l) 
M&l (FY20 J 2) 7 ••• " .......................................... ., ................................................................ 1 ,500,000 
M&l (FY20 1 5) ...................................................................................................... 9,000,000 
M&I (FY20 16) ...................................................................................................... 3.21 0.000 
M&l Subtotal ....................... , ....................................................................................... $13,710~000 
Estimated Construction Cost (ECC) 
ECC (ARRA) Access Road ................................................................................. 38,000,000 
ECC (2012) Access Road .................................................................................... 33,300,000 
ECC (FY2015) Access Road .............................................................................. 122,790.000 
ECC {FY2016) Access Road ................................................................................. 5,415.000 
Estimated Construction Cost Subtotal .................................................................... $199,505,000 
Estimated Total Project Cost (ETPC) for Highway Interchange ......................... $231,425,000 
IV. HISTORIC PRESERVATION MITIGATIONS PROGRAM SUMMARY 
As of December 9, 2008, GSA and DHS along with NCPC entered into a Programmatic 
Agreement (PA) with the Advisory Council on Historic Preservation (ACHP), the District of 
Columbia Historic Preservation Office (DCHPO}, and the United States Federal Highway 
Administration (FHWA). The PA outlines five (5) specific mitigation actions that must be 
6 These funds were redirected from Jnftastmcture funds in FY2012. 
1 See Footnote 6 above. 
6 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5732 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00138 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.042 H29JYPT1
Insert offset folio 1104/69 here EH29JY15.057smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS ,~CONSTRUCTION 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY 
CONSOLIDATION AT ST. ELIZABETHS 
W ASHJNGTON, DC PBS 
PDC-0002-WA16 
undertaken by GSA to "resolve adverse effects from certain complex project situations".8 These 
actions arc as follows: 
I. Documentation and recordation including buildings and site, as needed, archives, historic 
structure reports, building preservation plans, landscape preservation treatment and 
management, and archaeological resources treatment and management; 
2. Public outreach, interpretation, and education including the establishment of a citizens 
advisory panel, a permanent interpretative exhibit, a museum and visitors education center, 
signage, and public relations materials; 
3. Public access program to be developed by GSA and DHS; 
4. Conservation and artifact preservation; and 
5. The 19111 Century cemetery including interpretative program, perpetual care, and public 
access. 
Major Work Items for Mitigation 
Documentation and Recordation (FY20 16) ..................................................................... $1 ,407,000 
Documentation and Recordation (future year request) ........................................................ .400,000 
Public Outreach (FY20 16) .................................................................................................... 500,000 
Public Outreach (future year request) ................................................................................ ] ,375,000 
Cemetery (FY2016) .............................................................................................................. 500,000 
Staffing (FY2014) ............ , ........................................................................................................ 200,000 
Staffing (FY20 16) ................................................................................................................. 400,000 
Staffing (future year request) ............................................................................................. ! ,317,000 
Total ................................................................................................................................. $5,899,000 
8 Progranunatic Agreement dated December 9, 2008, page 1. 
7 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5733 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00139 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.042 H29JYPT1
Insert offset folio 1104/70 here EH29JY15.058smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS- CONSTRUCTION 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY 
CONSOLIDATION AT ST. ELIZABETHS 
WASHINGTON, DC PBS 
PDC-0002- WA 16 
V. BUILDING PROGRAM SUMMARY 
PHASE la-USCG Headquarters 
Building Phase Ia 9 
Office and Special Space ............................................................................................. 1.179.500 gsf 
Estimated Total Phase 1a ............................................................................................ 1,179,500 gsf 
Cost Information Building Phase la 
Design (FY2006) ........................................................................................................... $24,900,000 
Management and Inspection (M&I) (FY2009) ................................................................ 12,925,000 
Estimated Construction Cost (ECC) (FY2009) ............................................................. 313.465.000 
Estimated Total Cost Phase la ................................................................................... $351,190,000 
Schedule for Building Phase la 
FY 2009 Design Completion 
FY 2009 -Start Construction 
FY 2013-Complete Construction 
PHASE lb-USCG Command Center and Special Space 
Building Phase 1 
b 
Command Centers/Fitness Center/Chapel/Retail ........................................................... 158,450 gsf 
GSA Field Office10 ........................................................................................................... 20.800 gsf 
Estimated Total Phase lb ............................................................................................... 179,250 gsf 
Structured Parking (983 ca.rs) .................................................................................. up to 344,050 gsf 
Cost Information Building Phase lb 
Desigt1 (ARRA) ............................................................................................................... $1 0.,659,000 
Management and Inspection (M&I) (ARRA) 11 ............................................................... 15,902,000 
Estimated Construction Cost (ECC) (ARRA)12 ............................................................. 171.563,000 
Estimated Total Cost Phase lb ........... , ...................................................................... $198,124,000 
9 Square footage is based on USCG housing plan, approved Master Plan, and design documents. 
10 The Field Office is in addition to the USCG housing plan, not included with it. and was ready upon completion of 
Phase I and occupancy by USCG. 
11 Unused project funds of $228K from site acquisition were used for M&l to complete Phase 1 b. 
11 Unused project funds $4.05M from site acquisition were used·for unforeseen conditions m Phase lb. 
8 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5734 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00140 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.042 H29JYPT1
Insert offset folio 1104/71 here EH29JY15.059smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS- CONSTRUCTION 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY 
CONSOLIDATION AT ST. ELIZABETHS 
WASHINGTON, DC PBS 
PDC-0002- W A I 6 
Schedule for Building Phase lb 
FY 2010-Design Completion 
FY 2010-Start Construction 
FY 2013 -Complete Construction 
PHASE 2a-DHS Headquarters Elements and the DOC 
Building Phase 2a 
Office for DHS Headquarters ..... ; ................................................................................... 234,000 gsf 
DHS I USM Offices ............. t ............................................................................................... 590,000 gsf 
Estimated Total Phase 2a 824,000 gsf 
Structured Parking (990 cars) ............................................................................... up to 346,500 gsf 
Cost Information Building Phase 2a 
Design (FY2009) ............................................................................................................. $5,000,000 
Design (ARRA) ............................................................................................................... 11,300,000 
Desi_gt1 (FY2014) ....................... , ....................................................... 't' •••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• l 0,837,000 
Design (FY2016) 13 ........................................................................................................... 23,053 ,000 
Management and Inspection (M&I) (FY2011) .................................................................. 1,500,000 
Management and Inspection {M&I) (FY20 14) .................................................................. 7,925,000 
Management and Inspection (M&I) (FY2016)14 ............................................................. 17,925,000 
Management and Inspection (M&l) (future yearrequest) ................................................. 3,509,000 
Estimated Construction Cost (ECC) (ARRA)15 ............................................................... 26,000,000 
Estimated Construction Cost (ECC) (FY2011)16 ............................................................. 28,500,000 
Estimated Construction Cost (ECC) (FY2014) ............................................................. 136,038,000 
Estimated Construction Cost (ECC) (FY2016)17 ........................................................... 255,064,000 
Estimated Construction Cost (ECC) (future year request) ................................................ 8,165,000 
Estimated Total Cost Phase 2a ................................................................................. $534,816,000 
Schedule for Building Phase 2a 
FY 2016-Design Completion 
FY 2014 -Start Construction 
FY 2019-Complete Construction 
13 This includes funds for West Addition that will replace the re-scoped DOC under the Enhanced Plan. 
14 This includes fun.ds for Ice House and Hitchcock Hall originally planned for completion in Phase 1. 
15 ECC is for parking garage in ravine that was completed in conjunction with garage for USCG staff. 
16 This amount was for DOC shell construction. 
17 This includes funds for Ice House and Hitchcock Hall originally planned for completion m Phase 1. 
9 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5735 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00141 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.042 H29JYPT1
Insert offset folio 1104/72 here EH29JY15.060smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PHASE 2b-FEMA 
Building Phase 2b PROSPECTUS- CONSTRUCTION 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY 
CONSOLIDATION AT ST. ELIZABETHS 
WASHINGTON, DC PBS 
PDC-0002-WA16 
Office for FEMA Headquarters ...................................................................................... 423,000 gsf 
Estimated Total Phase 2b 423,000 gsf 
Structured Parking (775 cars) ................................................................................ up to 271,250 gsf 
Structured Parking for Visitors (640 cars) ............................................................. up to 224,000 gsf 
Cost Information Building Phase 2b 
Design (ARRA) ............................................................................................................... 17,401,000 
Design (FY2016 request) ................................................................................................. 12,191,000 
Design (future year request) ............................................................................................... l ,669,000 
Management and Inspection (M&l) (future year request) .............................................. .l8,504,000 
Estimated Construction Costs (ECC) (future year request) ........................................... 222,671,000 
Estimated Total Cost Phase lb .................................................................................. $272,436,000 
Proposed Schedule for Building Phase 2b 
FY 2017 -Design Completion 
FY 2018 • Start Construction 
FY 2021 -Complete Construction 
PHASE 3 -ICE. CBP. and Component Leadership 
Buildin& Phase 3 
Office for ICE Headquarters elements ............................................................................ 469,000 gsf 
Office for CBP Headquarters .......................................................................................... 499,000 gsf 
Estimated Total Phase 3 .................................................................................................. 968,000 gsf 
Structured Parking (415 cars) ................................................................................ up to 145,250 gsf 
Cost Information Building Phase 3 
Desig11 (ARRA) ........................................................................... ~ .............................................. 10,000,000 
Design (future year request) ............................................................................................. 21,608,000 
Management and Inspection (M&I) (future year request) ............................................... 28,811,000 
Estimated Construction Cost (ECC) (future year request) .......................................... ;.360, 136,000 
Estimated Total Cost Phase 3 ........ _ .................... , ..................................................... $420,555,000 
lO 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5736 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00142 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.042 H29JYPT1
Insert offset folio 1104/73 here EH29JY15.061smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS- CONSTRUCTION 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY 
CONSOLIDATION AT ST. ELIZABETHS 
WASHINGTON, DC 
Proposed Schedule for Building Phase 3 
FY 2019 -Design Completion 
FY 2018 -Start Construction 
FY 2021 -Complete Construction 
Summary of Energy Compliance PBS 
Cogeneration and Waste Heat: Approximately 30% of the campus power will be produced on 
site via cogenemtion. This percentage represents 100% of the critical campus electrical needs in 
times of emergencies. The waste heat generated by the natural gas fired turbines will be 
converted to both steam and hot water to help heat the buildings and, through steam driven 
absorption chillers, to help cool the buildings. 
Solar Energy: Photovoltaic energy collection arrays were considered for electric street lighting 
but did not meet historic preservation requirement. Large photovoltaic arrays were also found to 
be untenable at the site due to the limited acreage that could be used to house the solar panels. 
However, solar energy collecting panels or roofing membranes have been incorporated on 
portions of the roof tops, for example, the Detached Dining Hall being rehabilitated for use as a 
cafeteria. 
Geothermal; Geothermal wells will be considered to support heat pump systems for new 
construction of the support buildings, such as the remote delivery facility and pump house. If 
viable, future appropriations will be requested. 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5737 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00143 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.042 H29JYPT1
Insert offset folio 1104/74 here EH29JY15.062smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
Prior Appropriations 
Public Law 
109-115 
109-115 
110-5 
111-5 
111-8 
112-10 
112-34 
113-76 
J 13-235 PBS 
PROSPECTUS- CONSTRUCTION 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY 
CONSOLIDATION AT ST. ELIZABETHS 
WASHINGTON, DC 
PDC-0002- WA 16 
St. Elizabeths Consolidation 
Prior Appropriations 
Fiscal Year Amount Purpose 
2006 $24,900,000 Design of US Coast Guard HQ 
2006 $13,095,000 Infrastructure, Design, 
Construction and Management and 
Inspection 
2007 $6,444,000 Infrastructure, Construction, and 
Management and Inspection 
2009 $454,258,000 Site acquisition, Construction and 
Development 
2009 $346,639,000 Site acquisition, Design, 
Infrastructure, Construction, and 
Management and Inspection 
2011 $30,000.000 Construction ofDHS Operations 
Center 
2012 $37,300,000 Construction of Modular Utility 
Plant, Pump House, and portion of 
Access Road related to the US 
Coast Guard. 
2014 $155,000,000 Adaptive reuse of Center Building 
2015 $144,000,000 Highway interchange and access 
road 
Appropriations to Date 18 $1,211,636,000 
18 This amount does not include $20,008,000 of planning funds expended by HHS and GSA prior to FY2006. 
12 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5738 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00144 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.042 H29JYPT1
Insert offset folio 1104/75 here EH29JY15.063smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS CONSTRUCTION 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY 
CONSOLIDATION AT ST. ELIZABETHS 
WASHINGTON, DC PBS 
PDC-0002-WA16 
Prior Committee Approvals 
St. Elizabeths Consolidation 
Prior Committee Approvals 
Committee Date Amount Purpose 
HouseT&I 10/26/2005 $24,900,000 Design ofUS Coast Guard HQ 
SenateEPW 7/20/2005 $24,900,000 Design of US Coast Guard HQ 
HouseT&l 4/5/2006 $383,997,000 Construction and Management and 
Inspection Phases l-a and 1-b 
HouseT&J 5/23/2007 $318,887,000 Design, Construction, and 
Management and Inspection 
HouseT&I 5/23/2007 $7,000,000 Site Acquisition 
SenateEPW 9/20/2007 $318,887,000 Design, Construction, and 
Management and Inspection 
SenateEPW 9/20/2007 $7,000,000 Site Acquisition 
SenateEPW 9/17/2008 $140,140,000 Additional Design and 
Construction 
HouseT&l 9/24/2008 $525,236,000 Design, Review, Management and 
Inspection, and Construction 
HouseT&I 12/2/2010 $1,149,406,000 Design, Review, Management and 
Inspection, and Construction 
SenateEPW 7/13/2011 $281,015,000 Design and Construction of West 
Campus 
Alternatives Considered (30-year, present vaJue costs) 
New Construction ................................................................................ $3,496,124,000 
Lease .................................................................................................... $3,926,325,000 
The 30-year, present value cost of new construction is $430,201,000 less than the cost ofleasing, 
or an equivalent annual cost advantage of$21,949,000. 
Recommendation 
CONSTRUCTION 
13 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5739 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00145 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.042 H29JYPT1
Insert offset folio 1104/76 here EH29JY15.064smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
Certification of Need PROSPECTUS- CONSTRUCTION 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY 
CONSOLIDATION AT ST. ELIZABETHS 
WASHINGTON, DC 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. PBS 
PDC-0002-WA16 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on --...~:.E:e:Qb~~~1~ae~.;:qa;:.• ....!2:.,., .... 2~0M1~5-----------
Rerommended /A Q "" -----2?~~-o~~mr-is~skm~-e~~~.P~u-b_li_c_B_u-iJd_i_n~--s~t-N-i-ce ______________ ___ 
l 
Approved ----t:l~~~~~=-+.{=..........:~;....:::so:~~...;,;:,_-----------­
~dministrator, General Services Administration 
14 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5740 July 29, 2015 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
CONSTRUCTION —ANIMAL AND PLANT HEALTH  
INSPECTION SERVICE BUILDING , PEMBINA , ND 
Resolved by the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, 
appropriations are authorized for design and construction of a new 6,685 gross square foot facility, including the acquisition of approxi-
mately eight acres of land, for the United States Department of Agriculture Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service located at the Pembina, North Dakota U.S. Land Port of Entry, at a design cost of $284,000, a wetland mitigation cost of $540,000, an esti-
mated construction cost of $4,297,000 and a management and inspection cost of $236,000 
for a total estimated project cost of $5,357,000, a prospectus for which is attached to and included in this resolution. 
Provided, that the General Services Admin-
istration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolu-tion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00146 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.042 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5741 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00147 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.042 H29JYPT1
Insert offset folio 1104/78 here EH29JY15.065smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
PROSPECTUS- CONSTRUCTION 
ANIMAL AND PLANT HEALTH INSPECTION SERVICE BUILDING 
PEMBINA,ND 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District: 
FY2016 Project Summary PND-0550-PE 16 
01 
The General Services Administration (GSA) proposes the acquisition of approximately 
eight acres of land, along with the design and construction of a new 6,685 gross square 
foot facility for the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) Animal and Plant 
Health Inspection Service (APHIS) at the Pembina, North Dakota, U.S. Land Port of 
Entry (LPOE). Construction of this facility provides a permanent solution for APHIS at a 
secure location directly on the port, remedies a potential life safety concern with the 
current location of the temporary modular trailer, improves traffic configuration, places 
all APHIS operations on the U.S. side of the U.S./Canada border and eliminates rental 
payments to the private sector of approximately $317,000 annually. 
This project was 
among those previously included in GSA's FY 2015 Capita! Investment 
Program. The prospectus was not approved by the Senate Committee on Environment 
and Public Works and the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and 
the project could not be accommodated within the enacted level. GSA is resubmitting the 
project in FY 2016 with no change in scope or budget. 
F¥2016 Committee Approval and Appropriation Requested 
(Wetland Mitigation, Design, ECC and M&l) .............................................. $5,357,0001 
Overview of Protect 
The proposed pennanent housing solution for APHIS at the Pembina LPOE will be 
constructed to include both on"load and off-load animal inspection facilities with an 
administrative support wing at one location. The new building will contain two main 
components: 1) an enclosed off-load animal inspection area with runways, pens, chutes, 
and loading ramps. 2) an administrative office area with a counter, waiting room. water 
fountain, and a unisex restroom for customers. The building will include infrastructure 
.for modem mechanical, plumbing and electrical systems. It will adapt design elements 
that will confonn to the rest of the existing port. 
The project includes land acquisition and wetland construction. GSA will acquire up to 
eight acres of vacant land in the Pembina area and convert the land to designated 
wetlands per National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) guidelines. 
~Additional funding by a Reimbursable Work Authorization (R W A} may be required to provide for as yet 
unidentified elements of this project. 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5742 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00148 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.042 H29JYPT1
Insert offset folio 1104/79 here EH29JY15.066smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
PROSPECTUS- CONSTRUCTION 
ANIMAL AND PLANT HEALTH INSPECTION SERVICE BUILDING 
PEMBINA. NO 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District: PND·0550-PE16 
01 
Building Area2 
Site Area (Govem1nent-Owned) ......................................................................... 3 acres 
Building ........................................................... : ................................................ 6,685 gsf 
Number of outside commercial truck parking spaces .................................................. IS 
Number of outside standard vehicle parking spaces ...................................................... 8 
Proicct Budget 
W ctland Mitigation3 ......................................................................................... $540,000 
Site Acquisition ........................................................................................... $40,000 
Wetland Construction ................................................................................ $500,000 
Design ................................................................................................................. $284,000 
Estimated Construction Cost (ECC)4 ........................................................ $4,297,000 
Site Development Cost5 .......................................................................... $2,635,000 
Building Cost {$183/gsf) ................ : ...................................................... $1,662,000 
Management and Inspection (M&I) .............................................................. S:Z36,000 
Estimated Total Project Cost (ETPC)* ...................................................... $5,357,000 
*Tenant agencies may fund an additional amount for emerging technologies and 
alterations above the standard nonnally provided by the GSA. 
1The project may contain a variance in gross square footage from that listed in this prospectus upon 
measurement and review of design drawings. 
3Wetland Mitigation includes site acquisition costs for approximately eight acres of land and the 
comtruction of new wetlands to mitigate the loss of wetlands due to comtruction. This will occur 
simultaneously with the Design phase. Further details are dependent upon Design elements. 
4ECC is broken into two parts-Site Development Cost and Building Cost 
5Site development costs include paved commercial construction and circulation area.'! with space for 15 
in&pection lanes, extension of existing Port utilities to the new s1te area, site lighting, fencing and gate!>, and 
flood control features. 
2 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5743 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00149 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.042 H29JYPT1
Insert offset folio 1104/80 here EH29JY15.067smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
PROSPECTUS- CONSTRUCTION 
ANIMAL AND PLANT HEALTH INSPECTION SERVICE BUILDING 
PEMBINA, NO 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District: 
Location PND-0550-PE 16 
01 
The proposed new facility wiH be located alongside southbound lnterstnte-29 on 
government-owned land at the southwest corner of the port. 
Schedule 
Wetland Mitigation 
Design and Construction 
Tenant Agencies 
USDA APHIS 
Justification Start 
FY2016 
FY2016 End 
FY20176 
FY2018 
The Pembina, North Dakota, U.S. LPOE is the busiest northern port between Blaine, 
Washington and Detroit, Michigan, and the fifth busiest along the U.S./Canada border. 
The port has seen a steady increase in traffic flow since its completion in 1997. In 2003, 
in response to the 9/11 terrorist attacks, the original APHIS building was demolished to 
accommodate new LPOE Vehicle and Cargo Inspection System (V ACIS) requirements. 
A modular trailer was leased and moved to a landscape median island near the center of 
the port as a temporary housing solution for APHIS. On-load inspections are conducted 
at this location (in the median with traffic flowing on both sides). Off-load inspections 
are performed at the Emerson Canadian Port where OSA leases another facility for 
APHIS approximately one mile north and east of the Pembina LPOE. This is 
operationally inefficient 
Commercial truck parking and circulation are inadequate with little or no lane control. 
With the increase in traffic flow this has created a potential 1ife safety concern for APHIS 
inspectors and truck drivers. In addition to the potential life safety concern, the 
temporary modular trailer is in poor condition and requires ongoing repairs to keep the 
building habitable. The proposed project will provide APHIS with a facility that is 
operationally safe and efficient. Construction of a permanent inspection facility will not 
materially hinder any operations at the port. 
6 Upon construction completion, the newly converted wetlands will be monitored for a period of at least 
five years to ensure a successful conven;ion. 
3 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5744 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00150 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.042 H29JYPT1
Insert offset folio 1104/81 here EH29JY15.068smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA PB§ 
PROSPECTUS- CONSTRUCTION 
ANIMAL AND PLANT HEALTH INSPECTION SERVICE BUILDING 
PEMBINA, NO 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District: PND·0550-PB16 
01 
Approximately three acres of undeveloped government-owned wetlands on the southwest 
corner of the Pembina Port will be used to prepare the new project site. A thorough 
Feasibility Study has determined the proposed site to be the most advantageous location 
to maximize traffic flow and security for the Port and its stakeholders. To mitigate the 
reduction of wetlands to the environment, the N EPA requires the creation of two net new 
acres of wetlands per each acre of wetlands negatively affected by construction. 
Since it is somewhat common for a small portion of newly created human-made wetlands 
to fail to convert properly to permanent wetlands, an extra two acres of site acquisition 
have been included in the project for contingency purposes, allowing for the acquisition 
of up to eight acres of land for wetland mitigation. The newly converted wetlands wm be 
monitored for a period of at least five years to ensure a successful conversion. 
Upon project completion, on-load inspections will take place in 15 open-air commercial 
truck parking stalls just outside of the new building. This will no longer require inspector 
personnel or truck operators to cross several lanes of oncoming traffic on foot. 
Other alternatives (off of the port) pose security challenges to APHIS inspection 
personnel and U.S. Customs and Border Protection, and logistics issues for commercial 
truck operators. Alternatives locating the APHIS facility in different areas on the port 
were problematic due to traffic flow constraints. The proposed plan is in a strategically 
situated area to facilitate maximum traffic flow at the port. 
Summary of Energy Compliance 
This project will be designed to conform to requirements of the Facilities Standards for 
the Public Buildings Service and will implement strategies to meet the Guiding Principles 
for High Performance and Sustainable Buildings. The OSA encourages design 
opportunities to increase energy and water efficiency above the minimum performance 
criteria. The proposed project is Energy Independence and Security Act (EISA) and 
Energy Policy Act (EPACT) compliant. 
Prior Appropriations 
None 
Prior Committee Approvals 
None 
4 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5745 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00151 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.042 H29JYPT1
Insert offset folio 1104/82 here EH29JY15.069smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
PROSPECTUS- CONSTRUCTION 
ANIMAL AND PLANT HEALTH INSPECTION SERVICE BUILDING 
PEMBINA, NO 
Prospectus Number: 
Conbrressional District: 
Alternatives Considered PND-0550-PEt6 
OJ 
GSA owns and maintains the existing facilities at this Port of Entry; thus new Federal 
construction is in the best interest of the government and the taxpayer. 
Recommendation 
CONSTRUCTION 
5 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5746 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00152 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.042 H29JYPT1
Insert offset folio 1104/83 here EH29JY15.070smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS- CONSTRUCTION 
ANIMAL AND PLANT HEALTH INSPECTION SERVICE BUILDING 
PEMBINA, NO PBS 
Prospectus Number: 
Congressional District: PND-0550·PE16 
01 
Certification of Need 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on ---=E1:..::eb=ruacy=,._2......_. -=2""-0=15,.,__ ________ _ 
Recommended: ______ ~~~'-~~----+-----------------
ervice 
6 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5747 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00153 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.042 H29JYPT1
Insert offset folio 1104/84 here EH29JY15.071smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
January 2015 
Locations PctSO!!oel Housing Plan 
New APIDS Facility 
CURRENT 
Usable SQw re Feet USF Pl!rSO'lUlCl 
Ofl1ceo Total Office Stonr.at: SPCCial Total OffiCI! Total 
·fat Panbln• LPOEl u.s. of ·APHIS 4 4 1.248 . . l.248 . 
. UASED 
• E.,__.. U..lldln"ll·l9 OJl CIUI.Idlllft Bomer} 
u.s. of -APHIS . - 786 . 6325 7111 -
I New APHIS Bul!din2 ----. -6 
Total 4 4 2.034 - 6 •. us 8.359 6 
~ ~~~ I ;~~~ 1~1~ Cllllt1lt Office URcxcludts 447 usfofoffice support space. 
P~ Office UR excludes 2<l2 usf of office support space. 
1::~;;T~ ~-· Total~USFRaq! C=t 
1 SF I 
NOTES: 
1 USF means the portjon of !be building available for USIC by a tenant's pcnonnel and furnishings and space available jointly to !be occupants of !be building. 
2 Offi:e Utilization Rate= l04aJ olr~ee space available for off&« pcrsoooel. UR calculation excludes office support space US F. 
3 Total Bllildina USF Raw* total buildifls USF (ofti<;e, storage, special) available for all building oe<:upaniS (a !flO:, and oon-officc pmonncl). -
-
6 
6 PND-0550-PE16 
Pembina,ND 
PROPOSED I 
Usabk Sqw rc Feet (liS f) 
Off tee Sto~ SD«ial Total 
. -. . 
--. . 
1100 200 4.517 s 817 
1,100 zoo 4.517 5.817 
SIM!Ci.al SPIIC1! USF 
Raised PCTSOII!ll:l Plalf<'1121 300 
Animal Pen Area 2020 
PCTSOII!ll:l Perimeter no 
Area 6SO 
Pm=llll.ie Chute Ami ISO 
COIIInlCI'Cial CllltJe Tub 527 
RestroomS 100 
Total 4.517 - ~~ 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5748 July 29, 2015 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
LEASE —FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS  
COMMISSION , WASHINGTON , DC 
Resolved by the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, 
appropriations are authorized for a replace-ment lease of up to 473,000 rentable square feet of space for the Federal Communica-tions Commission currently located at 445 12th Street SW and 1250 Maryland Avenue SW in Washington, DC at a proposed total annual cost of $23,650,000 for a lease term of up to 15 years, a prospectus for which is at-tached to and included in this resolution. 
Approval of this prospectus constitutes au-
thority to execute an interim lease for all tenants, if necessary, prior to the execution 
of the new lease. 
Provided that, the Administrator of Gen-
eral Services and tenant agencies agree to apply an overall utilization rate of 180 square feet or less per person. 
Provided that, except for interim leases as 
described above, the Administrator may not enter into any leases that are below pro-spectus level for the purposes of meeting any of the requirements, or portions thereof, in-
cluded in the prospectus that would result in an overall utilization rate of 180 square feet or higher per person. 
Provided that, to the maximum extent 
practicable, the Administrator shall include in the lease contract(s) a purchase option that can be exercised at the conclusion of the firm term of the lease. Provided further, that the Administrator 
shall require that the delineated area of the procurement is identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, except that , 
if the Administrator determines that the de-lineated area of the procurement should not be identical to the delineated area included 
in the prospectus, the Administrator shall provide an explanatory statement to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives prior to exercising any lease authority pro-vided in this resolution. 
Provided further, that the General Services 
Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00154 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.043 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5749 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00155 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.043 H29JYPT1
Insert offset folio 1104/86 here EH29JY15.072smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
PROSPECTUS-LEASE 
FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION 
WASHINGTON, DC 
Prospectus Number: PDC-06-W A 16 
Executive Summar1: 
The U.S. General Services Administration (GSA) proposes a. replacement lease of up to 
473,000 rentable square feet (RSF) of space to house the Federal Communications 
Commission (FCC), currently located at 445 12th Street, SW, and 1250 Maryland 
Avenue, SW, Washington DC. 
The replacement lease will provide continued housing for FCC and will improve FCC 
office and overall utilization rates (UR) from 178 to 115 usable square feet (USF) per 
person and 272 to 180 USF per person, respectively, while housing current personnel in 
186,030 RSF less than the total of its current occupancies at the 445 121h Street, SW, and 
1250 Maryland Avenue, SW, locations. In the absence of this reduction, the status quo 
cost of continued occupancy at the proposed market rental rate would be $32,951,500. 
Description 
Occupant: 
Lease Type 
Current Rentable Square Feet (RSF) 
Proposed Maximum RSF1: 
Expansion/Reduction RSF: 
Current Usable Square Feet/Person: 
Proposed Usable Square Feet/Person: 
Proposed Maximum Leasing Authority: 
Expiration Dates of Current Lease(s): 
Delineated Area: 
Number of Official Parking Spaces: 
Scoring: 
Maximum Proposed Rental Rate2: Federal Communications Commission 
Replacement 
659,030 (Current RSF/USF = l.lO) 
473,000 (Proposed RSF/USF = 1.20) 
186,030 (Reduction) 
272 
180 
15 years 
10/16/2017 (445 12th Street, SW) 
10/31/2017 (1250 Maryland Ave, SW) 
Washington, DC CEA 
None 
Operating Lease 
$50.00/RSF 
1 The RSF/USF at the current location is approximately 1.10; however. to maximize competition, a 
RSF/USF ratio of 1.2 is used for the proposed maximum RSF as indicated in the housing plan. 
2 This estimate is for fiscal year 2017 and may be escalated by 1.9 percent annually to the effective date of 
the lease to account for inflation. The proposed rental rate is fully serviced including all operating 
expenses whether paid by the lessor or directly by the Government. GSA will conduct the procurement 
using prevailing market rental rates as a benchmark for the evaluation of competitive offers and as a basis 
for negotiating wilh offurors to ensure that lease award is made in the best interest of the Government. 
Lease award shall not exceed the maximum rental rate as specified in this prospectus. 
1 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5750 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00156 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.043 H29JYPT1
Insert offset folio 1104/87 here EH29JY15.073smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS- LEASE 
FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION 
WASHINGTON, DC PBS 
Prospectus Number! PDC-06-WA 16 
Proposed Total Annual Cose: 
Current Total Annual Cost: 
Background $23,650,000 
$34,658 703 
(445 12'h St.-Lease Effective 07/01/97) 
(1250 Maryland- Lease Effective 11/17/94) 
The FCC is responsible for the regulation of interstate and foreign communications by 
radio, television, wire, satellite, and cable; the orderly development and operation of 
broadcast services; and the provision of rapid, efficient nationwide and worldwide 
telephone and telegraph services at reasonable rates. FCC is also responsible for the use 
of communications for promoting safety of life and property and strengthening national 
defense. 
Justification 
The current leases at 445 12th Street, SW, and 1250 Maryland Avenue, SW, expire 
October 16, 2017, and October 31, 2017, respectively, and FCC requires continued 
housing to carry out its mission. In addition, FCC wants to capitalize on the opportunity 
presented by the expiring leases to reduce its footprint by 186,030 RSF, or 28.2 percent 
of its current 659,030 RSF and reduce their annual rental costs by approximately $11 
million. 
Summary of Energy Compliance 
GSA will incorporate energy efficiency requirements into the Request for Lease 
Proposals and other documents related to the procurement of space based on the 
approved prospectus. GSA encourages offerors to exceed minimum requirements set 
forth in the procurement and to achieve an Energy Star performance rating of 75 or 
higher. 
Resolutions of Approval 
Resolutions adopted by the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and 
the Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works approving this prospectus will 
constitute approval to make appropriations to lease space in a facility that will yield the 
required rentable area. 
3 New leases may contain an escalation clause to provide for annual changes in real estate taxes and 
operating costs. 
2 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5751 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00157 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.043 H29JYPT1
Insert offset folio 1104/88 here EH29JY15.074smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS-LEASE 
FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION 
WASHINGTON, DC PBS 
Prospectus Number: PDC-06-WA 16 
Interim Leasing 
GSA will execute such interim leasing actions as are necessary to ensure continued 
housing of the tenant agency prior to the effective date of the new lease. It is in the best 
interest of the Government to avert the financial risk of holdover tenancy. 
Certification of Need 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
Submitted at Washington, DCt on_~M:.:..av.L.....::2"-"0~·-=20:::..:1::..:5'------------
3 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5752 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00158 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.043 H29JYPT1
Insert offset folio 1104/89 here EH29JY15.075smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEMarch 2015 
Leased Locations Personnel 
Office 
445 12th St SW 1,963 
1250 Maryland Ave SW 228 
P11Jil0sed Lease 
Torn! 2.191 
Office Utili.tation Rote (UR)' I Current 
Rate ----------[_ __ 178_. 
UR = average amoUilt of office space per person 
CurmJt UR excludes 110,159 usf of office support space 
Proposed UR excludes 71,364 usf of office support space Total 1.963 228 2.191 
I Pro!losed 
--I 115 
1 Overnll UR3 ; I 
I Current I Pro osed 
Rate 272 180 
RJtJ F•ctor• TotaiUSF RSFIUSF 
Current 596,576 1.10 
Proposed 393,633 1.20 
HQIES: Housing Plan 
Federal Communications Commission 
CURREI'<'T Usable Sauare Feet (USF)1 
Office Storage Special Total 
460,637 21.890 65.617 548,144 
40,084 8,348 0 48,432 
500,711 30,238 65,617 596,576 
Max. RSF 659,030 473,000 
1 USF means the portion of the building evailable for use by a tenant's personnel and furnishings and space available jointly to U1< occupants of the building. 
1 Calculation excludes Judic!acy, Congress and agencies with less than 10 people 
1 USF/Person o housing plan total USF divided by total personnel. 
4 R/U Factor= Max RSF divided by total USF Personnel 
Office Total 
2.191 2.191 
2,191 2,191 PDC-06-WA16 Washington, DC 
PROPOSED Usable Sol!tl!e Feet CUSFl 
Office Storane Special TC!\t! 
32.!.384 12.474 56.715 393,633 
324,384 l:l.-17.1 56.775 393,633 
Special Space t'SF 
Conference Trainina Rooms 19.715 
DataCenter s,·oo 
Fitness Center L500 
Health Ctr Exam Rooms 1.200 
Hearing Room LSOO 
Hian Density Storage 11.~00 
Print Plant 9,000 
SCIF 3.-lSO 
Security Command Ctr, 1.350 
Tech, Experience Center 1.350 
Total 56,17_$_ 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5753 July 29, 2015 
COMMITTEE RESOLUTION  
LEASE —FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION , 
WESTERN -PACIFIC REGIONAL OFFICE , HAW-
THORNE , CA 
Resolved by the Committee on Transportation 
and Infrastructure of the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, that pursuant to 40 U.S.C. §3307, 
appropriations are authorized for a new lease of up to 154,000 rentable square feet of space, including 573 official parking spaces, for the Federal Aviation Administration currently located at the Hawthorne Federal Building in Hawthorne, California, at a proposed total annual cost of $7,546,000 for a lease term of up to 20 years, a prospectus for which is at-tached to and included in this resolution. 
Approval of this prospectus constitutes au-
thority to execute an interim lease for all tenants, if necessary, prior to the execution 
of the new lease. 
Provided that, the Administrator of Gen-
eral Services and tenant agencies agree to apply an overall utilization rate of 187 square feet or less per person. 
Provided that, except for interim leases as 
described above, the Administrator may not enter into any leases that are below pro-spectus level for the purposes of meeting any of the requirements, or portions thereof, in-cluded in the prospectus that would result in an overall utilization rate of 187 square feet or higher per person. 
Provided that, to the maximum extent 
practicable, the Administrator shall include in the lease contract(s) a purchase option that can be exercised at the conclusion of the firm term of the lease. Provided further, that the Administrator 
shall require that the delineated area of the procurement is identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, except that , 
if the Administrator determines that the de-lineated area of the procurement should not be identical to the delineated area included in the prospectus, the Administrator shall provide an explanatory statement to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives prior to exercising any lease authority pro-vided in this resolution. 
Provided further, that the General Services 
Administration shall not delegate to any other agency the authority granted by this resolution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00159 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.043 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5754 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00160 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.043 H29JYPT1
Insert offset folio 1104/91 here EH29JY15.076smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
PROSPECTUS- LEASE 
FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION 
WESTERN-PACIFIC REGIONAL OFFICE 
HAWTHORNE, CA 
Prospectus Number: PCA-Ol-HA15 
Congressional District: 33, 43 
Executive Summary 
The U.S. General Services Administration 
(GSA) proposes a new lease of up to 154,000 
rentable square feet (RSF) for the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) located in the 
Hawthorne Federal Building (HFB) in Hawthorne, California. 
The new lease will provide continued housing for FAA and will improve FAA office and 
overall utilization rates from 176 to 112 usable square feet (USF) per person and 261 to 
187 USF per person, respectively. As a result of the improved utilization, the new lease 
will reduce the rentable square footage of the requirement by 19 percent, housing FAA 
personnel in 36,329 RSF less than the total of its current occupancies at the HFB 
location. 
Description 
Occupant: 
Lease Type 
Current Rentable Square Feet (RSF) 
Proposed Maximum RSF: 
Expansion/Reduction RSF: 
Current Usable Square Feet/Person: 
Proposed Usable Square Feet/Person: 
Proposed Maximum Lease Term: 
Expiration Dates of Current Leases: 
Delineated Area: 
Number of Official Parking Spaces: 
Scoring: FAA 
New 
190,329 (Current RSFIUSF = 1.22) 
154,000 (Proposed RSF/USF = 1.2) 
36,329 Reduction 
261 
187 
20 Years 
NA 
8-mile radius from Hawthorne Federal 
Building located at 15000 Aviation 
Boulevard Hawthorne, CA 90250 
573 
Operating lease 
1 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5755 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00161 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.043 H29JYPT1
Insert offset folio 1104/92 here EH29JY15.077smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA PBS 
PROSPECTUS-LEASE 
FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION 
WESTERN-PACIFIC REGIONAL OFFICE 
HAWTHORNE, CA 
Maximum Proposed Rental Rate1: 
Proposed Total Annual Cost2: 
Current Total Annual Cost: Prospectus Number: PCA-01-HA15 
Congressional District 33, 43 
$49.00/ RSF 
$7,546,000 
$5,994,350 (fiscal year 2013 FAA rent 
paid to GSA) 
Justification 
The HFB has a serious structural deficiency. GSA is relocating FAA based on life-safety 
considerations. In addition, the relocation allows FAA to optimize its footprint (reduction 
of 18 percent) with more advanced workplace strategies. 
Summary of Energy Compliance 
GSA will incorporate energy efficiency requirements into the Request for Lease 
Proposals and other documents related to the procurement of space based on the 
approved prospectus. GSA encourages offerors to exceed minimum requirements set 
forth in the procurement and to achieve an Energy Star performance rating of 75 or 
higher. 
I 
This estimate is for fiscal year 2015 and may be escalated by 2.0 percent annually to the effective date of 
the lease to account for inflation. The proposed rental rate is fully serviced including all operating 
expenses whether paid by the lessor or directly by the Government. GSA will conduct the procurement 
using prevailing market rental rates as a benchmark for the evaluation of competitive offers and as a basis 
for negotiating with offerors to ensure that lease award is made in the best interest of the Government. 
Lease award shall not exceed the maximum rental rate as specified in this prospectus. 
2New leases may contain an escalation clause to provide for armual changes in real estate taxes and 
operating costs. 
2 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5756 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00162 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.043 H29JYPT1
Insert offset folio 1104/93 here EH29JY15.078smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEGSA 
PROSPECTUS- LEASE 
FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION 
WESTERN-PACIFIC REGIONAL OFFICE 
HAWTHORNE, CA PBS 
Prospectus Number: PCA-01-HA15 
Congressional District: 33, 43 
Resolutions of Approval 
Resolutions adopted by the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and 
the Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works approving this prospectus will 
constitute approval to make appropriations to lease space in a facility that will yield the 
required rentable area. · 
Interim Leasing 
Since FAA will remain housed in the HFB until it relocates to the new lease, interim 
leasing will not be necessary. There is no risk to the Government of a holdover tenancy. 
Certification ofNeed 
The proposed project is the best solution to meet a validated Government need. 
Submitted at Washington, DC, on --==---s_e_p_t_em_b_e_r_2_9_._2_0_I_4 ______ _ 
Recommended: /(; 
------~--------------------------------Commissioner, Public Buildings Service 
Approved: _____________________ ~---------------------------
Administrator, General Services Administration 
3 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5757 July 29, 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00163 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.043 H29JYPT1
Insert offset folio 1104/94 here EH29JY15.079smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSEAugust 2014 Locations Personnel 
Office Total 
DOT-FAA 642 642 
GSA-PBS I 4 
Joint Use --
Vacant --
Total 643 646 
Rate 
UR =average amount of office space per person 
Current UR excludes 31,880 usf of office support space 
Proposed UR excludes 21,177 usf of office support space 
I Overall UR3 I 
;ate I c~t I Pror;;ed 
NOTES: Housing Plan 
Federal Aviation Administration 
CURRENT Usable Square Feet (USF)' Personnel 
Office Storal!e Special Total Office Total 
144 910 599 10 567 156076 684 684 
860 260 -1,120 -. 
1439 509 8,047 9,994 -
1684 --1 684 . . 
148,893 1,368 18 614 168,874 684 684 
1USF means the portion of the building available for use by a tenant's personnel and furnishings and space available jointly to the occupants of the building. 
2Calculation excludes Judiciary, Congress and agencies with less than 10 people 
3USF/Person =housing plan total USF divided by total personnel 
4RIU Factor= Max RSF divided by total USF PCA-01-HA15 Hawthorne, CA 
PROPOSED Usable Square Feet (USF) 
Office Stora!!e Special Total 
98644 4 809 24 750 128 203 
98,644 4809 24750 128203 
Special Space USF 
AV 462 
Data Center 1 539 
Conference Training, Library 5462! 
Food Service 4621 
IT computer and sjleCial 5,202! 
Comms Security Room 150 
Secure Room 225: 
HlgbDenstty Files 3 140 
Medical Exammation Room 254 
Restrooms. Lactation 277 
Simulator I 538 
UPS Room 462 
Lobby and Secure Entry 923 
MailRoom 923 
Locker Room 923 
Safe, secure files 577 
Triangulation Room 231 
Break I Pantry I Copy 2000 
'----·-_T_(ltal_ 24,750 
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5758 July 29, 2015 
There was no objection. 
f 
RESILIENT FEDERAL FORESTS 
ACT 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. W
ESTERMAN ) for 30 minutes. 
Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise tonight to talk about something that is positive that this body has done recently, something that is good for America and something that is good for our environment and good for our citizens. What I am talking about is the passage of the Resilient Federal Forests Act of 2015. 
Mr. Speaker, this bill is good for 
trees. When we have healthy trees and when we have a healthy forest, then we also have better air quality; we have better water quality; we have better wildlife habitat; we have less fire dan-ger; we protect private property and public property, and it is a win-win-win situation for our treasured natural re-source of our Federal forest. It is a winning situation for America, as we are good stewards and we conserve this valuable resource that we have. 
Now, what this bill does is it allows 
us to actively manage our forests. We have qualified personnel in our Forest Service, people who are trained as for-esters, people who have the expertise and the experience to manage these forests in a sustainable way; yet our forest managers’ hands have been tied in previous years. 
They have been working hard with 
local constituents, local stakeholders in these collaborative efforts to come up with forest plans, forest manage-ment plans, so that they can manage the forests in a way that is good for the local economy, in a way that is good for the wildlife in the forest, in a way that is good for the health of the for-est; yet these forest management plans have been held up through frivolous lawsuits from outside groups, some-times as far as a thousand miles away that file a suit against these plans. 
They hold them up in court, and at 
the end of the day, the forest is not 
managed properly. Because of this, we have seen an increasing amount of for-est fires over the past several decades. 
Because of these increased forest 
fires, we are destroying our valuable natural resource. Not only are we de-stroying our resource, we are destroy-ing our budget for the Forest Service. Currently, the single greatest cost to the Forest Service is fire suppression, and the next cost is litigation, and where the cost should be, in the man-agement and health of the forest, comes in third. 
What the Resilient Federal Forests 
Act of 2015 would do, it would take the focus off of fire suppression and put that focus on fire prevention. These are forestry practices that I have seen car-ried out in my home State of Arkansas. 
In my district, the Fourth District, I 
have approximately 2.5 million acres of Federal forest inside my district, on 
the Ouachita National Forest, on the Ozark National Forest, and also in four different U.S. Fish and Wildlife service areas. 
Fortunately, in Arkansas, we have 
been able to manage these forests in a way that is good for the forest. A lot of this was done in an effort to protect an endangered species, the red-cockaded woodpecker. What our Forest Service employees have done is they have gone into the forests, they have assessed it, and they determined what would create the best habitat for this endangered species. They found that a habitat with an open understory, one which has large nesting trees for the woodpecker, is great habitat for the woodpecker. 
They implemented a plan to go in 
and thin the forest—not clear-cut it, but thin it—and then develop a fire re-gime to keep the underbrush out. You might think that thinning the forest and burning the forest would cause a decrease in biodiversity, but our for-esters saw something quite the oppo-site. Our forests in Arkansas were much like the ones across the country, many forests out West. They had been cut as much as a century ago and al-lowed just to grow back with the only management being putting the fires out when they start. 
What happens in a situation like this 
is forests are dynamic; they continue to grow until they fill up all the grow-ing space, and then they start com-peting with one another. When they compete with one another, they get weak; they are subject to insect and disease attack. 
You get more fuel that falls on to the 
forest floor, creating a fuel load; you get dead and weakened timber, and you get a lightning strike, and it burns the whole forest down. 
When you manage the forest, when 
you thin it and you use controlled burns, you open up the canopy; you open up the forest floor, and you see a flush of fauna, and you see biodiversity increase tremendously. 
At the same time as the biodiversity 
and plant life increases, you get a flush in wildlife. On these plots in Arkansas, not only did we see an increase in num-bers in red-cockaded woodpecker, we saw an increase in the bobwhite quail, in wild turkeys, in deer, in several other songbird species. 
This management scheme is good for 
the forest; it is good for the wildlife; it creates cleaner air; it creates cleaner water. Again, it is a win-win situation. By applying these management prac-tices—and they will be different as you go across the country in different re-gions. 
As we let the local professionals and 
the local stakeholders manage the for-ests the way it was intended to be man-aged, we will create a healthy forest, which is good for all the local commu-nities where these forests are located. 
Another thing that we have done in 
this bill is we strengthened the secure rural schools provisions. We stipulate that 25 percent of funding has to go 
into local counties to provide emer-gency services to fund schools. This is critical for these local communities where forest activities around the na-tional forests have greatly decreased over the past several decades. 
We used to cut nearly 12 billion board 
feet of timber off of the forests. Now, we are down to less than 3 billion board feet per year. Many of these local economies depended on those forests. As we quit cutting timber and the in-frastructure to process the timber left, these communities suffered all across our country where these natural for-ests are located. 
This bill will allow funding to go to 
these communities, so that they con-tinue to provide emergency services, so they can continue to provide funds for education and help to grow the commu-nities. 
Another provision in this bill is it al-
lows the salvaging of timber after a catastrophic event. Now, a clear cut actually mimics a wildfire in the for-est; so when you have a wildfire that is a stand-replacing fire, it causes the damage when the fire occurs. 
In forestry terms, the land is essen-
tially being clear-cut when the fire happens, but you will still have dead standing trees. These trees need to be salvaged. They have value, value that can be extracted and used to reforest the land, value that not only creates value in reforestation, it also cleans up the land, so you can reforest it and pre-vent future fire dangers. 
What has happened in the past is the 
salvage cuts have been held up in court again, and you get standing dead tim-ber that, the next time a fire comes through, it makes it dangerous for our firefighters to go in and fight the fire. 
What this bill does is it still requires 
an environmental assessment of the area, but it speeds the process in that, and it prevents injunctions from allow-ing these salvage cuts so that this tim-ber can be salvaged, and the revenue is used to go back into the Forest Service to reforest these lands and, again, pro-vide the management practices to have healthy forests. 
What happens now is we see, after a 
catastrophic event, we get only 3 per-cent of regeneration or reforestation of the land. This bill requires that, after the catastrophic event, we have to have 75 percent reforestation after a period of 5 years. 
The 5-year timeframe gives foresters 
time to come in and assess the efforts that they put forth and to correct any problems that they have had in restor-ing these forests. 
This bill, again, is very critical and 
very much needed. It has the support of, I believe, 117 different organiza-tions, from wildlife groups, from envi-ronmental groups, many tribes across the country, many county govern-ments. People recognize the benefits of this bill and the benefits that can come to our country if we enact this legisla-tion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00164 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JY7.099 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5759 July 29, 2015 
Unfortunately, the bill is held up in 
the Senate right now, and as the fire season increases out West and we see more and more of our natural treasure and our Federal forests going up in flames, it should become more impera-tive for the Senate to take up this bill and pass it and for the President to sign it into law. 
As I have stated in committee hear-
ings when we were pushing this bill through, the forests don’t really pay attention to what we legislate here in Washington, D.C. 
b2000 
They are dynamic, living organisms. 
They continue to grow. They continue to fill up the growing space. They are more reactive to what happens in na-ture. 
We need to be proactive in managing 
these forests—managing them to be healthy, managing them to be more re-sistant to wildfire and inspects and dis-eases. I call on the Senate and the President to take up this legislation, to pass it, and to move America for-ward with healthy forests. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman 
from Washington (Mr. N
EWHOUSE ). 
RECOGNIZING MAKENNA SCHWAB  
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I have 
got something I think is very impor-tant and something I think you are going to enjoy. 
Sometimes we learn about some very 
remarkable people, individuals who, when we hear about them, make us pause, stop, and think about how much they inspire and really make a dif-ference. 
Today, I want to recognize one such 
person, a young lady of 12 years old by the name of Makenna Schwab. She lives in the community of East Wenatchee, Washington, which happens to be in my legislative district in the State of Washington. 
Makenna was born with something 
called Larsen syndrome, which is a rare connective tissue disorder that causes bone dislocations. This affects her airway, spine, and joints. This re-markable young lady has already un-dergone 14 surgeries in her short life. 
Four years ago, Makenna and her 
mother, Melissa, wanted to give some-thing back to Seattle Children’s Hos-pital, which over the course of her life has been their home away from home. She said she wanted to give something back because Seattle Children’s has made it so that she can walk and live independently. So she decided to sell lemonade and cookies, a perfectly nat-ural thing for a 12-year-old to decide. This young lady raised more than $6,700 that year for Children’s Hospital. 
The family knew they could do more. 
They wanted to do more. So the next year, she and her family collected over 650 new toys for the kids at the hos-pital. But even that wasn’t enough. The following year, she wanted to do even more. So she sold 530 dozen donuts, raising more than $7,500 to go towards Seattle Children’s Hospital. This year, Mr. Speaker, she set her 
sights even higher. According to Se-attle Children’s Hospital’s Kathryn Bluher, Makenna’s goal was to give the kids at the hospital something that was very important, near and dear to her heart. She wanted to give them red Radio Flyer wagons. 
I know you are smiling, Mr. Speaker, 
but that was an important thing be-cause, in between her appointments throughout her young life, traveling between her room to the operating room to the playroom, the red Radio Flyer wagon was her ride. And she rode in style. She said that those wagons are a really good memory. They were less scary than a wheelchair. 
The support that she got to reach her 
goal in this year’s fundraising I think was nothing short of amazing. Makenna collected enough to purchase 33 wagons for the hospital. Friends, family, the mayor of the city, Wenatchee High School, a group of local dentists, even assisted living homes helped in the effort. The whole community pitched in. Actually, the hospital had to tell her that that was enough wagons. 
She moved on to other things that 
were on the wish list. By the end of the drive, she had those 33 wagons, but she also had 36 DVD players, 12 head-phones, five baby swings, 280 gift cards, 300 new toys, and many other things. 
Makenna and her family have started 
a tradition that will live on, that has and will continue to make kids’ stay at the Seattle Children’s Hospital just a little less scary. As Makenna said, ‘‘I want to give kids hope.’’ 
Well, in May, and very deservedly so, 
Makenna received a national Make a Difference Day award for her volunteer project on behalf of the hospital. 
As I told you before, sometimes you 
hear of remarkable people, and I am very proud to be able to share McKen-na’s story with you. I am proud to say that she is a fine citizen of my congres-sional district and my State of Wash-ington. 
Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, may 
I inquire how much time I have re-maining? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-
tleman has 14 minutes remaining. 
INCREASING VA ACCOUNTABILITY AND  
EXPANDING OPPORTUNITY FOR VETERANS  
Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I 
would also like to talk about some other positive things that this body has done here, as we approach the Au-gust break. This has to do with the VA. 
Since the wait list manipulation 
scandal was brought to the public’s at-tention last year, Americans have be-come all too familiar with incom-petence and misconduct at the Federal agency charged with helping our vet-erans. 
The House Veterans’ Affairs Com-
mittee has held dozens of hearings; the head of the U.S. Department of Vet-erans Affairs resigned under congres-sional pressure; and Congress has en-acted major reform legislation. The Veterans’ Access to Care 
through Choice, Accountability, and Transparency Act created a 3-year pro-gram to allow veterans to seek care from private providers if they live too far from a VA facility or cannot other-wise get an appointment within 14 days. It also gave the VA Secretary the authority to fire senior executives for poor performance and required a top- to-bottom study of the entire Depart-ment to be completed within 1 year of enactment. 
However, even with this oversight, 
the Obama administration has failed to correct the problems. We continue to hear about unacceptable patient wait times, unanswered benefit inquiries, patient safety concerns, medical mal-practice, flagrant mismanagement, in-fighting, corruption, and years of con-struction delays that total millions of dollars. 
When government failure is exposed 
and legislation aimed at restoring ac-countability is enacted, it makes sense that action would be swift and imme-diate: people would be fired; wrongs would begin to be made right. Unfortu-nately, that has not been the case at the Department of Veterans Affairs. While there are as many as 1,000 em-ployees that could potentially face dis-ciplinary actions, the VA has only fired three people for involvement in the scandal. 
Our veterans have earned our re-
spect, and they shouldn’t have to wait in line for months or years just to see a doctor. New documents show that one out of every three waiting for care at the VA has already died, and recent reports reveal there are now 50 percent more veterans on wait lists for a month or longer than last summer. 
When our brave servicemembers 
come home, we have to keep our word to them by modernizing our VA system to deliver the best care in the world. In the 114th Congress, House Republicans have passed numerous pieces of legisla-tion designed to help veterans and in-crease accountability at the VA. 
In February, the Clay Hunt Suicide 
Prevention for American Veterans Act was signed into law and provides vet-erans with access to the mental healthcare resources they need. 
Last week, the House passed the Vet-
erans Information Modernization Act, which would give Congress and the public access to key data regarding the delivery of health care, medical serv-ices, and nursing home care by the VA healthcare system. 
Many veterans have contacted us ex-
pressing their frustration at having to carry official Department of Defense discharge papers to prove their mili-tary service, and last week, legislation was signed into law to create an offi-cial identification card for veterans. 
Just this week, we have passed the 
VA Accountability Act, which would provide the VA Secretary with in-creased flexibility in removing employ-ees who fail our veterans; the Hire More Heroes Act, which would make it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00165 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JY7.100 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5760 July 29, 2015 
easier to hire veterans by exempting 
those who already have health insur-ance from being counted as full-time employees under ObamaCare; the Vet-erans’ Compensation Cost-of-Living Adjustment Act, which would provide an annual cost-of-living adjustment for veterans receiving disability com-pensation; and the Ruth Moore Act, which would update regulations for veterans seeking financial compensa-tion for mental health conditions linked to sexual assault while they were serving in the military. 
The House also had to pass legisla-
tion that included provisions to allow the VA to transfer funds within its budget to cover an unexpected $2.5 bil-lion shortfall in hospital and medical care accounts. Without this fix, the agency said it would start shutting down hospital operations in August. 
It is critically important that we 
take care of those who have sacrificed so much in service to our country. This week, Congress has continued its ef-forts to meet our responsibility to America’s veterans. However, we can-not transform the VA alone. It is the President’s responsibility to ensure changes are made within the agency and employees are held accountable for their actions. 
America’s veterans deserve a mean-
ingful, decisive plan to right the many wrongs that have been committed. It is past time for the Obama administra-tion to change the culture at the VA and end this agencywide pattern of misconduct and neglect. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
REPUBLICANS ARE DELIVERING 
RESULTS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under 
the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX) for 30 minutes. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I want to 
compliment my two colleagues who have just spoken on the floor. I com-pliment Mr. N
EWHOUSE from the State 
of Washington for highlighting a very important event in his district involv-ing a significant constituent of his. 
I particularly would also like to rec-
ognize Mr. W
ESTERMAN from Arkansas 
for getting H.R. 2647 passed, the Resil-ient Federal Forests Act of 2015. It is really a coup for a freshman to get such a significant bill passed so early in his or her career. It is a major bill, a significant bill, and I want to com-pliment him on bringing his expertise in forestry to the House of Representa-tives. We need people with all kinds of backgrounds here who can help get things that the American people need for us to do on their behalf, and cer-tainly that bill is going to do a lot for American people all across this coun-try. 
Mr. Speaker, it has been said that no 
one hears about the plane that landed safely. What that very apt adage sug-gests is that we are often unaware of 
good work being done every day, and it isn’t until something goes wrong that people take notice. So, Mr. Speaker, I want to just highlight for a few min-utes this evening the great work that this Congress has been doing in the past 4
1⁄2years, and particularly during 
the 114th Congress, which began in January. 
Under the leadership of House Repub-
licans, we have been doing very good work in tackling the difficult issues facing this Nation. We are advancing solutions that build a healthy econ-omy, empowering every American to pursue his or her future, to reach his or her full potential and achieve a better life. Here, Mr. Speaker, are just a few specifics of what we have been accom-plishing. 
First, the House is more open. That 
may sound a little strange to people, but it is important that the American people understand that, under the ma-jority leadership of Republicans, we have considered over 200 more amend-
ments than the average over the last 25 years in the House of Representatives. 
The House is more collaborative. 
House committees have passed 10.2 per-cent of bills out of committee com-pared to a 40-year average of only 6 percent of bills being passed. 
The House is, overall, more produc-
tive. The House passed 193 bills in the first quarter, well above the 40-year av-erage of 127. Of those, 32 have also passed the Senate—more than the 25- year average of 29. 
b2015 
The House is more effective. Over the 
last 30 years, only one other Repub-lican-controlled House had more bills enacted in law to this point, and this Congress is above the 40-year average of 29 bills enacted with 32. 
The American people want us to 
come to Washington, use our time well, and work on their behalf to get the things done that they see need to be done. We are working on our main focus, which are jobs and the economy. 
Mr. Speaker, tomorrow’s good-paying 
jobs will come from the freedom to in-novate from the bottom up, with or-ganic growth, not from top-down bu-reaucracies in Washington, D.C., look-ing out for themselves and attempting, always, to control the American peo-ple. 
Mr. Speaker, we have passed many 
bills, as I have said before. One is the Small Business Regulatory Flexibility Improvements Act, H.R. 527, which was approved by the House by a vote of 260– 163 in February of this year. That is a bipartisan vote, Mr. Speaker. 
We passed the Unfunded Mandates In-
formation and Transparency Act, H.R. 50, by a bipartisan vote of 250–173. 
We passed the Death Tax Repeal Act, 
H.R. 1105, by a vote of 240–179; this is often called the death tax; it is some-times called the estate tax, but it hits, Mr. Speaker, not just wealthy people, but average people with huge, unfair taxes. This bill would provide certainty for 
families and allow small businesses to focus on growing new jobs and is the smart thing to do for our economy. 
Mr. Speaker, much of the economic 
turmoil that has gripped this Nation is the result of the Federal Government spending beyond its means. In North Carolina, I hear often from constitu-ents who are worried about our bal-looning national debt, which threatens economic stability and jeopardizes the American dream for our families. 
Irresponsible spending isn’t fair to 
our kids, who must repay the debt, and it is not good for the economy. 
Unknown to many Americans, the 
House Republican majority has cut Federal spending 2 years in a row for the first time since the Korean war. We banned earmarks and achieved the most significant spending reductions in modern history. We have protected tax cuts for 99 percent of individuals and families. 
We passed a balanced budget con-
ference agreement which balances the budget within 10 years, without raising taxes, and achieves more than $5 tril-lion in savings. It is the first joint 10- year balanced budget resolution since 2001. 
We have passed the Student Success 
Act, which replaces No Child Left Be-hind, by reducing the Federal footprint in education, restoring local control, and empowering parents and education leaders to hold schools accountable for effectively teaching students. It stops the Federal Government from coercing states into adopting Common Core. 
We expanded and strengthened 529 
college savings plans by a vote of 401– 20, a very strong bipartisan vote. 
We have passed an energy policy, the 
Keystone XL Pipeline Approval Act, the Natural Gas Pipeline Permitting Reform Act. We have passed the LNG Permitting Certainty and Trans-parency Act. We have passed Improving Coal Combustion Residuals Regulation Act of 2015. 
Mr. Speaker, we are working on the 
economy, on bringing down the cost of energy, on providing for national secu-rity. 
We have passed the National Defense 
Authorization Act, H.R. 1735, and are in conference now with the Senate on this bill. 
We have passed the National Cyberse-
curity Protection Advancement Act, again, by a very large bipartisan vote, 355–63. 
We have passed the Protecting Cyber 
Networks Act by a large bipartisan vote of 307–116. 
We have passed a bill signed into law 
by the President in June, the USA Freedom Act, which ends the bulk col-lection of data at the National Secu-rity Agency, prevents government overreach, strengthens protections for Americans’ civil liberties, and in-creases the transparency of certain na-tional security authorities. 
As my colleague from Arkansas 
talked about previous to my coming on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00166 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JY7.102 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5761 July 29, 2015 
the floor, we have passed several bills 
to honor our veterans. They have earned our respect, and they shouldn’t have to wait in line for months or years to see a doctor. 
When our brave servicemembers 
come home, we have to keep our word to them by modernizing our VA system to deliver the best care in the world, and we have kept our promises to our veterans. 
Mr. Speaker, we have focused also on 
the human side of what needs to be done in our society. We have passed the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act. It was signed into law on May 29, 2015. Human trafficking is a major problem in our country, and we are doing all that we can to diminish it and elimi-nate it. 
Mr. Speaker, we have passed the 
Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act with a bipartisan vote, H.R. 36. We expect that bill to be passed in the Sen-ate. 
We have also passed the No Taxpayer 
Funding for Abortion Act. It was ap-proved by the House in January. This bill would permanently free taxpayers from subsidizing abortion or insurance coverage that includes abortion. Mr. Speaker, we care very much for the most vulnerable among us. 
We are also doing everything we can 
through our hearings to hold President Obama and the executive branch ac-countable in conjunction with our con-stitutional duties. We continue to look for ways to improve what the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs does. 
We have witnessed the incompetence 
of the Office of Personnel Management, which allowed its records of Federal employees to be hacked. 
We have held hearings on the Secret 
Service scandal. 
We have done everything we can to 
stop the EPA from imposing its clean water rule, which is very tough on our farmers in particular, but on people all over this country. 
We have challenged, again, 
ObamaCare in court with the U.S. House of Representatives vs. Burwell lawsuit; and we hope for a positive re-sult from that. 
We are also continuing our investiga-
tions into other scandals of this admin-istration, including the situation in Benghazi. Last fall, House investiga-tors learned that former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton used a private email server located in her home, rath-er than an official email account, as re-quired by administration policy. She also failed to preserve her official emails for government records as re-quired by the Federal Records Act. 
Without the diligent work of the Se-
lect Committee on Benghazi, this high-ly questionable email arrangement would have remained secret. Because of a select committee deposition of Sid-ney Blumenthal, a former aide to President Bill Clinton, the committee was able to demonstrate that, despite former Secretary Clinton’s assertions to the contrary, she did not produce all of her official emails to the State De-
partment. 
The select committee is deposing 
senior State Department officials, in-cluding Clinton’s closest aides, and will call former Secretary Clinton as a wit-ness as soon as the State Department produces all of the records owed to the committee. 
We are continuing our investigation 
of the IRS and its unlawful targeting of conservatives. 
Mr. Speaker, this is the people’s 
House, and we Republicans in the ma-jority will continue to do the work of the American people by passing appro-priate legislation and by holding this administration accountable for what it should be doing and what it has done that is inappropriate. 
The Republican-led House, Mr. 
Speaker, in the past 7 months, has de-livered real results that would solve many of the challenges that face our Nation, but there is still more to do to make the outdated models in Wash-ington, D.C., more effective, efficient, and accountable. 
As we go home to our districts for 
the August recess, not a vacation, but an opportunity for us to be in our dis-tricts, to be with our constituents, to hear from our constituents what their concerns are, we will be gathering more ideas for legislation and come back to Congress in September with a renewed commitment to do the peo-ple’s business in the people’s House. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
of my time. 
f 
SENATE BILL AND CONCURRENT 
RESOLUTION REFERRED 
A bill and a concurrent resolution of 
the Senate of the following titles were taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 764. An act to reauthorize and amend the 
National Sea Grant College Program Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
S. Con. Res. 20. Concurrent resolution rec-
ognizing and honoring the 25th anniversary of the date of enactment of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce; in addition, to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure, the Committee on the Judiciary, and the Committee on Energy and Commerce for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
f 
BILLS PRESENTED TO THE 
PRESIDENT 
Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, 
reported that on July 27, 2015, she pre-sented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bills: 
H.R. 2499. To amend the Small Business 
Act to increase access to capital for veteran entrepreneurs, to help create jobs, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 1626. To reduce duplication of infor-
mation technology at the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes. ADJOURNMENT 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I move that 
the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accord-
ingly (at 8 o’clock and 28 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Friday, July 31, 2015, at 1 p.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, 
ETC. 
Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
2318. A letter from the Regulatory Spe-
cialist, LRA, Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — Loans in Areas Having Special Flood Hazards [Docket ID: OCC-2014-0016] (RIN: 1557-AD84) received July 22, 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Added by Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; to the Committee on Finan-cial Services. 
2319. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the 2012 Progress Report on Understanding the Long- Term Health Effects of Living Organ Dona-tion, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 273b, as added by the Charlie W. Norwood Living Organ Dona-tion Act (Public Law 110-144); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
2320. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Legislation, Office of the Secretary, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting the FY 2013 Report on the Pre-ventive Medicine and Public Health Training Grant and Integrative Medicine Programs, pursuant to Sec. 768(d) of the Public Health Service Act, Pub. L. 78-410, as amended by Sec. 10501(m) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, Pub. L. 111-148; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2321. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Legislation, Office of the Secretary, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting the FY 2013 and 2014 ‘‘Report to Congress on the Nurse Education, Practice, Quality and Retention Program’’, pursuant to Secs. 831 and 831A of Title VIII of the Pub-lic Health Service Act, Pub. L. 78-410, as amended by Sec. 5309 of the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act, Pub. L. 111-148; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2322. A letter from the Assistant Secretary 
for Legislation, Office of the Secretary, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting the report to Congress on the State Health Care Workforce Development Grant Program, pursuant to Sec. 5102 of the Affordable Care Act, Pub. L. 111-148; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
2323. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-
ment of the Treasury, transmitting the six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to terrorists who threat-ened to disrupt the Middle East peace proc-ess that was declared in Executive Order 12947 of January 23, 1995, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); and Execu-tive Order 13313 of July 31, 2003; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
2324. A letter from the Assistant Legal Ad-
viser, Office of Treaty Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report prepared by the Department of State concerning inter-national agreements, other than treaties en-tered into by the United States, to be trans-mitted to the Congress within the sixty-day period specified in the Case-Zablocki Act, pursuant to 1 U.S.C. 112b; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
2325. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, 
Legislative Affairs, Department of State, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00167 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JY7.103 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5762 July 29, 2015 
transmitting the 2015 Advancing Freedom 
and Democracy Report, pursuant to Sec. 2121 of Pub. L. 110-53; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 
2326. A letter from the Executive Analyst 
(Political), Centers for Medicare and Med-icaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a report pur-suant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105-277, 5 U.S.C. 3345-3349d; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
2327. A letter from the Executive Analyst 
(Political), Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a report pur-suant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105-277 as codified in 5 U.S.C. 3345 et seq; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
2328. A letter from the Executive Analyst 
(Political), Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a report pur-suant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105-277 as codified in 5 U.S.C. 3345 et seq; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
2329. A letter from the Director, Office of 
National Drug Control Policy, Executive Of-fice of the President, transmitting the FY 2014 Accounting of Drug Control Funds Re-port and the FY 2014 Performance Summary Report, pursuant to Sec. 705(d) and Sec. 704(b)(14), respectively, of the Office of Na-tional Drug Control Policy Reauthorization 
Act of 1998, as amended; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judi-
ciary. H.R. 9. A bill to amend title 35, United States Code, and the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act to make improvements and tech-nical corrections, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–235). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-
ural Resources. H.R. 1992. A bill to reduce temporarily the royalty required to be paid for sodium produced on Federal lands, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–236). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight 
and Government Reform. H.R. 3116. A bill to extend by 15 years the authority of the Sec-retary of Commerce to conduct the quarterly financial report program (Rept. 114–237). Re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight 
and Government Reform. H.R. 1759. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide for the publication, by the Office of Informa-tion and Regulatory Affairs, of information related to rulemakings, and for other pur-poses (Rept. 114–238, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judi-
ciary. H.R. 1759. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide for the publi-cation, by the Office of Information and Reg-ulatory Affairs, of information relating to rulemakings, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–238, Pt. 2). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 2 of rule XII, public 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-
ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. GARRETT: 
H.R. 3273. A bill to prohibit assistance to 
Iran to develop, use, or protect any tech-nology or other assets of Iran’s nuclear pro-gram, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia (for him-
self, Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia, Mr. 
BISHOP of Georgia, Mr. W ESTMORE -
LAND , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. T OMPRICE of 
Georgia, Mr. W OODALL , Mr. A USTIN  
SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. C OLLINS of 
Georgia, Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, 
Mr. L OUDERMILK , Mr. A LLEN , Mr. 
DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, and Mr. 
GRAVES of Georgia): 
H.R. 3274. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 4567 Rockbridge Road in Pine Lake, Georgia, as the ‘‘Francis Manuel Ortega Post Office’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
By Mr. ELLISON: 
H.R. 3275. A bill to authorize the Secretary 
of Housing and Urban Development to pro-vide grants and loans to owners of dated manufactured homes for the replacement of such dated manufactured homes with Energy Star-qualified manufactured or modular homes, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. ELLISON: 
H.R. 3276. A bill to amend the Help Amer-
ica Vote Act of 2002 to require States to pro-vide for same day registration; to the Com-mittee on House Administration. 
By Mr. ELLISON: 
H.R. 3277. A bill to prohibit election offi-
cials from requiring individuals to provide photo identification as a condition of obtain-ing or casting a ballot in an election for Fed-
eral office or registering to vote in elections for Federal office, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration. 
By Mr. ROYCE (for himself, Mr. C
OOK, 
Ms. H AHN, Mr. R ANGEL , and Mr. 
PETERS ): 
H.R. 3278. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to ensure that the Secretary of Veterans Affairs is informed of the inter-ment of unclaimed deceased veterans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. COLLINS of Georgia (for him-
self, Mr. C
OHEN , Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. 
SCHRADER , Mr. G OSAR , and Mr. 
PETERSON ): 
H.R. 3279. A bill to amend titles 5 and 28, 
United States Code, to require annual re-ports to Congress on, and the maintenance of databases on, awards of fees and other ex-penses to prevailing parties in certain ad-ministrative proceedings and court cases to which the United States is a party, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 
By Mr. SWALWELL of California (for 
himself, Mr. H
UDSON , and Ms. 
STEFANIK ): 
H.R. 3280. A bill to amend the Workforce 
Innovation and Opportunity Act to require one-stop delivery systems under such Act to offer services through Internet websites and to direct the Secretary of Labor to develop standards and best practices for such websites, and other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. CALVERT (for himself and Mr. 
T
AKANO ): 
H.R. 3281. A bill to authorize the purchase 
of a small parcel of Natural Resources Con-servation Service property in Riverside, 
California, by the Riverside Corona Resource Conservation District, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
By Mr. FARENTHOLD (for himself and 
Mr. L
YNCH ): 
H.R. 3282. A bill to strengthen Federal con-
sumer protection and product traceability with respect to commercially marketed sea-food, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committees on Agriculture, Natural Resources, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. POLIQUIN: 
H.R. 3283. A bill to amend the Fair Labor 
Standards Act of 1938 to exempt from certain age-related restrictions in the labor laws 16- and 17-year-old individuals employed by their parents in certain logging activities, and to direct the Secretary of Transpor-tation to establish a program to allow States to enter into interstate compacts to stand-ardize the age requirements for operators of commercial motor vehicles; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. KATKO (for himself, Ms. S
CHA-
KOWSKY , Mr. C OLLINS of New York, 
Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. K ENNEDY , 
Ms. M CCOLLUM , and Mr. L ANCE ): 
H.R. 3284. A bill to amend the Public 
Health Service Act to provide for the estab-lishment of a mesothelioma patient registry, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. PASCRELL (for himself, Mr. 
C
OHEN , Mr. C APUANO , Ms. L INDA T. 
SA´NCHEZ of California, Mr. L ARSON of 
Connecticut, Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of 
Illinois, Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. B ROWN of 
Florida, Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRIS-
HAM of New Mexico, Mr. B ISHOP of 
Georgia, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, 
Mr. H ONDA , Mr. P AYNE , Ms. J UDYCHU 
of California, Mr. T AKAI, Mr. R ANGEL , 
Mr. P OCAN , Ms. L EE, Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , 
Mr. E LLISON , and Mr. T HOMPSON of 
California): 
H.R. 3285. A bill to provide for a study by 
the Institute of Medicine on health dispari-ties, to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to develop guidelines on re-ducing health disparities, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. COOK (for himself and Ms. 
G
ABBARD ): 
H.R. 3286. A bill to encourage effective, vol-
untary private sector investments to recruit, employ, and retain men and women who have served in the United States military with annual presidential awards to private sector employers recognizing such efforts, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. MARCHANT (for himself and 
Mrs. B
LACK ): 
H.R. 3287. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to clarify the treatment of banks organized as limited liability compa-nies; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. MARCHANT (for himself and 
Mr. B
OUSTANY ): 
H.R. 3288. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to change the method of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00168 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L29JY7.000 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5763 July 29, 2015 
determining disproportionate share hospital 
(DSH) payments under the Medicare pro-gram, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. LOWENTHAL (for himself, Mr. 
G
RIJALVA , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. G ALLEGO , 
Mr. B EYER , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. 
CARTWRIGHT , Mr. T ONKO , Ms. C ASTOR  
of Florida, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. V ANHOL-
LEN, and Ms. M CCOLLUM ): 
H.R. 3289. A bill to prevent the waste of gas 
produced under oil and gas leases on Federal 
land and to collect royalty on all gas produc-tion; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
By Ms. JACKSON LEE (for herself, Mr. 
L
EWIS, Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
COHEN , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. H INOJOSA , 
Mr. C UELLAR , Mr. J OHNSON of Geor-
gia, Mr. M EEKS , Mr. C ARSON of Indi-
ana, Mr. V EASEY , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS 
of Illinois, and Mrs. K IRKPATRICK ): 
H.R. 3290. A bill to award a Congressional 
Gold Medal to Lyndon Baines Johnson, the 36th President of the United States whose vi-sionary leadership secured passage of the landmark Voting Rights Act of 1965, Social Security Amendments Act (Medicare) of 1965, Civil Rights Act of 1964, Higher Education Act of 1965, and Immigration and Naturaliza-tion Act of 1965; to the Committee on Finan-cial Services. 
By Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin: 
H.R. 3291. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to develop a crosswalk between HCPCS and MS-DRG codes for simi-lar hospital services; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. BRADY of Texas: 
H.R. 3292. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to revise Medicare pay-ment for indirect medical education (IME) costs in teaching hospitals; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. SMITH of Texas (for himself, 
Mr. L
IPINSKI , Mr. L UCAS , Mr. G RAY-
SON, Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. M OOLENAAR , 
Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. 
BRIDENSTINE , Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. 
BABIN, Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. 
LOUDERMILK , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, 
Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , 
Mr. P OSEY , Mr. P ALMER , Mr. A BRA-
HAM, and Mr. N EWHOUSE ): 
H.R. 3293. A bill to provide for greater ac-
countability in Federal funding for scientific research, to promote the progress of science in the United States that serves that na-tional interest; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
By Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina 
(for herself, Mr. D
EFAZIO, and Mr. 
ROONEY of Florida): 
H.R. 3294. A bill to establish a program to 
assist in the importation and care of abused, injured, or abandoned nonhuman primates; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. CUMMINGS: 
H.R. 3295. A bill to make supplemental ap-
propriations for fiscal year 2015; to the Com-mittee on Appropriations, and in addition to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. BLACK (for herself, Mr. M
IL-
LER of Florida, Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. 
DUNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. C HABOT , 
Mr. F INCHER , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. 
DONOVAN , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. 
OLSON , Mr. W ESTMORELAND , Mr. 
BABIN, Mr. P EARCE , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. S ALMON , 
Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. 
LAMALFA , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. 
GOHMERT , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, 
Mr. R OUZER , Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, 
Mr. P OEof Texas, and Mr. N UGENT ): 
H.R. 3296. A bill to clarify that the oath of 
allegiance to the United States administered in the naturalization process may not be al-tered; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. GRIFFITH: 
H.R. 3297. A bill to reform the National 
Flood Insurance Program, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. 
By Mr. BRADY of Texas (for himself 
and Mr. K
IND): 
H.R. 3298. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for value- based purchasing of post-acute care services under the Medicare program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana (for her-
self and Ms. E
SHOO ): 
H.R. 3299. A bill to amend the Public 
Health Service Act to ensure preparedness for chemical, radiological, biological, and nuclear threats, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. PITTENGER (for himself and 
Ms. S
INEMA ): 
H.R. 3300. A bill to reduce waste and imple-
ment cost savings and revenue enhancement for the Federal Government; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, Ways and Means, Foreign Affairs, Financial Services, House Administration, and Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. JOLLY: 
H.R. 3301. A bill to prohibit Federal fund-
ing of Planned Parenthood Federation of America; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. OLSON (for himself, Mr. R
OEof 
Tennessee, and Mr. B ABIN): 
H.R. 3302. A bill to sunset the authority ex-
ercised by the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity through U.S. Citizenship and Immigra-tion Services, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Mr. 
R
YAN of Ohio, Mr. L OWENTHAL , and 
Mr. G RIJALVA ): 
H.R. 3303. A bill to amend the Mineral 
Leasing Act to improve coal royalties, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources, and in addition to the Com-mittees on Energy and Commerce, Transpor-tation and Infrastructure, and Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Ms. 
B
ONAMICI , Mr. B RADY of Pennsyl-
vania, Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, 
Mr. C APUANO , Mr. D OGGETT , Ms. 
EDWARDS , Mr. E LLISON , Ms. E SHOO , 
Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. J OHNSON of 
Georgia, Mr. J ONES , Ms. K ELLY of Il-
linois, Ms. K USTER , Mr. M CGOVERN , 
Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. P OCAN , 
Mr. P OSEY , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. 
SWALWELL of California, Mr. V ELA, 
Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. Y AR-
MUTH , Mr. T URNER , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas, Ms. M CCOL-
LUM, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. L ANGEVIN , 
Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. G RAYSON , Ms. L INDA 
T. S A´NCHEZ of California, and Mr. 
COHEN ): 
H.R. 3304. A bill to require foreign manu-
facturers of products imported into the United States to establish registered agents in the United States who are authorized to accept service of process against such manu-facturers; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Commit-tees on Ways and Means, and Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. HURD of Texas (for himself, 
Mr. M
CCAUL, and Mr. R ATCLIFFE ): 
H.R. 3305. A bill to help enhance American 
network security and mitigate cybersecurity risks, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form, and in addition to the Committee on Homeland Security, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. RUSH: 
H.R. 3306. A bill to authorize the export of 
energy resources, energy technologies, and related services to Cuba, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. HARTZLER: 
H.R. 3307. A bill to amend the Richard B. 
Russell National School Lunch Act by re-pealing the paid lunch equity requirements; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. GRAYSON (for himself, Mr. 
B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, 
Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mrs. B USTOS , 
Mr. P OCAN , Ms. J UDY CHUof Cali-
fornia, Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. 
DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. 
DELANEY , Ms. D ELAURO , Mrs. D IN-
GELL , Mr. D OGGETT , Ms. E DWARDS , 
Mr. E NGEL , Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. F ARR, 
Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. 
HAHN, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H INOJOSA , 
Mr. H ONDA , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mrs. 
LOWEY , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. N ADLER , 
Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. 
PAYNE , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Ms. P IN-
GREE , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. R UP-
PERSBERGER , Mr. R USH, Ms. L INDA T. 
SA´NCHEZ of California, Mr. S COTT of 
Virginia, Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. S IRES, 
Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. V EASEY , Ms. 
VELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. M AXINE WATERS of 
California, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , 
Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. 
TAKAI, Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. T AKANO , 
Mr. V ELA, Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mrs. 
TORRES , Mr. C LAY, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , 
Ms. B ASS, Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. J ACKSON  
LEE, Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. A SHFORD , Ms. 
KELLY of Illinois, Ms. M OORE , Mr. 
ELLISON , Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. 
BROWNLEY of California, Mr. C ASTRO  
of Texas, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Geor-
gia, Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Ms. L EE, Mr. 
CUMMINGS , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. 
RANGEL , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, and 
Mr. L ANGEVIN ): 
H.R. 3308. A bill to expand Medicare cov-
erage to include eyeglasses, hearing aids, and dental care; to the Committee on Energy and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00169 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L29JY7.100 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5764 July 29, 2015 
Commerce, and in addition to the Committee 
on Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee 
concerned. 
By Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina: 
H.R. 3309. A bill to amend titles XVIII and 
XIX of the Social Security Act to improve the electronic health records meaningful use programs under the Medicare and Medicaid programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN (for herself, 
Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, Mr. D IAZ- 
BALART , Mr. D UNCAN of South Caro-
lina, Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. G RAVES of 
Louisiana, Mr. L AMALFA , Mrs. 
RADEWAGEN , Mr. M ILLER of Florida, 
Ms. G RAHAM , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. C REN-
SHAW , Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. M ICA, Mr. 
POSEY , Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Mr. 
NUGENT , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. J OLLY , 
Mr. R OSS, Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. R OONEY  
of Florida, Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, 
Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mrs. 
WALORSKI , Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. A BRA-
HAM, Mr. J ONES , Mr. G UINTA , Mr. 
SENSENBRENNER , and Mr. G ROTHMAN ): 
H.R. 3310. A bill to preserve access to pub-
lic waters and maintain the vital role of States in fisheries management decisions; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. BLUMENAUER (for himself, 
Mr. C
ONYERS , Mr. P OLIS, Ms. 
DELAURO , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mrs. C APPS , 
Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. 
POCAN , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. W ELCH , Ms. 
TSONGAS , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. 
MCDERMOTT , Ms. E DWARDS , Ms. 
MCCOLLUM , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. 
MCGOVERN , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. T ED 
LIEU of California, and Mr. P AS-
CRELL ): 
H.R. 3311. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to repeal fossil fuel sub-sidies for oil companies; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Ms. ADAMS (for herself, Mr. 
P
ITTENGER , Mr. K ATKO , and Ms. 
MENG): 
H.R. 3312. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to make grants for estab-lishing coordinated networks of services and resources for veterans and their families; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. M
CCAUL (for himself and Mr. 
RATCLIFFE ): 
H.R. 3313. A bill to amend the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 to strengthen the ability of the Secretary of Homeland Security to de-tect and prevent intrusions against, and to use countermeasures to protect, agency in-formation systems, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. BABIN: 
H.R. 3314. A bill to suspend the admission 
into the United States of refugees in order to examine the costs of providing benefits to such individuals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. BABIN (for himself, Mr. G
ENE 
GREEN of Texas, and Mr. P OEof 
Texas): 
H.R. 3315. A bill to amend the Water Re-
sources Development Act of 1986 with respect to the maximum cost of projects, and for 
other purposes; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. BARLETTA (for himself, Mr. 
D
ESAULNIER , Mr. T HOMPSON of Penn-
sylvania, and Ms. P INGREE ): 
H.R. 3316. A bill to amend the Richard B. 
Russell National School Lunch Act to re-quire the Secretary of Agriculture to make loan guarantees and grants to finance cer-tain improvements to school lunch facilities, to train school food service personnel, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addi-tion to the Committees on Agriculture, and Appropriations, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. BILIRAKIS (for himself, Ms. 
E
STY, and Mr. J OLLY ): 
H.R. 3317. A bill to require the Government 
Accountability Office to conduct periodic re-views of the flood insurance rates and flood insurance rate maps under the national flood insurance program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. BLUM (for himself and Mr. 
C
RAMER ): 
H.R. 3318. A bill to require the Secretary of 
the Treasury to modify regulations to in-crease the amount of the de minimis safe harbor election for exemption from capital expenditures for taxpayers without certain financial statements; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. BLUMENAUER (for himself and 
Mr. H
UFFMAN ): 
H.R. 3319. A bill to direct the Postmaster 
General to conduct a pilot program to pro-vide nonpostal services at certain post of-fices, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. BOUSTANY: 
H.R. 3320. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to enter into contracts with administrative contractors for the proc-essing of claims for hospital care and med-ical services furnished in non-Department of Veterans Affairs facilities; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. BOUSTANY: 
H.R. 3321. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to allow the volumetric ex-cise tax credit for liquid fuel derived from natural gas through the Fischer-Tropsch process; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. BUTTERFIELD: 
H.R. 3322. A bill to establish a Residence 
Star program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. CARTER of Georgia: 
H.R. 3323. A bill to amend title XXVII of 
the Public Health Service Act to improve health care coverage under vision and dental plans, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. CICILLINE (for himself and Mr. 
W
ILSON of South Carolina): 
H.R. 3324. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Defense to submit to Congress a report re-garding opportunities to equip certain for-eign military entities, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Mr. CICILLINE (for himself, Mr. 
C
OSTA , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. K EATING , and 
Mr. M CGOVERN ): 
H.R. 3325. A bill to establish the Azores Co-
operative Initiative Program; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. COLLINS of Georgia (for him-
self, Mr. N
ADLER , Mr. H OLDING , Mr. 
JEFFRIES , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. C ONYERS , 
Mr. S MITH of Texas, Ms. D ELBENE, 
Mr. H ANNA , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. 
MARINO , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. 
REED, Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , 
and Mr. D EUTCH ): 
H.R. 3326. A bill to amend chapter 90 of 
title 18, United States Code, to provide Fed-eral jurisdiction for the theft of trade se-crets, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. COLLINS of New York: 
H.R. 3327. A bill to prohibit the awarding of 
Federal Pell Grants to incarcerated individ-uals, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. COLLINS of New York (for him-
self, Mr. D
ENHAM , Mr. K ATKO , and Mr. 
HANNA ): 
H.R. 3328. A bill to require Federal agen-
cies to review certain rules and regulations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Com-mittees on Small Business, and Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. CONAWAY: 
H.R. 3329. A bill to increase the number of 
operational aircraft carriers; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. 
By Mr. COOPER (for himself and Mr. 
M
ULVANEY ): 
H.R. 3330. A bill to prohibit the consider-
ation in the House of Representatives of any legislation containing an earmark; to the Committee on Rules. 
By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois: 
H.R. 3331. A bill to amend the Safe and 
Drug-Free Schools and Communities Act to include bullying and harassment prevention programs; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois 
(for himself and Mr. R
USH): 
H.R. 3332. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to provide a criminal penalty for torture committed by law enforcement officers and others acting under color of law; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois: 
H.R. 3333. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to restore the former system of good time allowances toward service of Fed-eral prison terms, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois (for 
himself and Mr. N
ADLER ): 
H.R. 3334. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Transportation to issue regulations with re-spect to ensuring families are able to sit to-gether on flights, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
By Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois (for 
himself, Mr. B
OST, and Mr. W ALZ): 
H.R. 3335. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to provide certain employees of Members of Congress and certain employees of State or local governmental agencies with access to case-tracking information of the Department of Veterans Affairs; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Ms. D
EGETTE: 
H.R. 3336. A bill to designate certain lands 
in the State of Colorado as components of the National Wilderness Preservation Sys-tem, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
By Ms. D
ELAURO (for herself, Mr. 
BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, 
Mrs. C APPS , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, 
Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. J UDY CHUof 
California, Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. C LARK  
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00170 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L29JY7.100 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5765 July 29, 2015 
of Massachusetts, Mr. C LAY, Mr. C ON-
YERS , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. D ESAULNIER , 
Mr. D EUTCH , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. 
ELLISON , Ms. E SHOO , Ms. E STY, Mr. 
FARR, Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. G ARAMENDI , 
Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. G ENE 
GREEN of Texas, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. 
JOHNSON of Georgia, Mr. H ECK of 
Washington, Mr. H IMES, Ms. N ORTON , 
Mr. H ONDA , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. 
ISRAEL , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. K EATING , 
Ms. K USTER , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. L AR-
SEN of Washington, Mr. L ARSON of 
Connecticut, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. 
LEE, Mr. L IPINSKI , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. L YNCH , 
Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. 
MCGOVERN , Mr. N OLAN , Ms. P INGREE , 
Mr. P OCAN , Mr. P RICE of North Caro-
lina, Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. R YAN of 
Ohio, Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. S COTT of Vir-
ginia, Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. S LAUGHTER , 
Ms. S PEIER , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. T ONKO , 
Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. 
WALZ, Mr. W ELCH , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Ms. 
CLARKE of New York, Ms. B ONAMICI , 
Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. 
SARBANES , Mr. A GUILAR , and Mr. 
CA´RDENAS ): 
H.R. 3337. A bill to facilitate efficient in-
vestments and financing of infrastructure projects and new job creation through the es-tablishment of a National Infrastructure De-velopment Bank, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Trans-portation and Infrastructure, Financial Services, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. DUFFY (for himself, Mr. C
ON-
NOLLY , Ms. D ELBENE, Ms. R OS- 
LEHTINEN , Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. 
AMODEI , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. 
BISHOP of Georgia, Mr. C LYBURN , Ms. 
JACKSON LEE, Mr. C OLE, Mr. S MITH of 
Nebraska, Mr. A SHFORD , Ms. K USTER , 
Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. P OLIQUIN , Ms. 
BROWNLEY of California, Mr. W EBER  
of Texas, Mr. K ILMER , Mr. J ODY B. 
HICEof Georgia, Mr. K INGof New 
York, Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. W ESTMORE -
LAND , and Mr. K NIGHT ): 
H.R. 3338. A bill to establish a fund to 
make payments to the Americans held hos-tage in Iran and their immediate family members, who are identified as members of the proposed class in case number 1:00-CV- 03110 (EGS) of the United States District Court for the District of Columbia, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary, and in addition to the Committees on Foreign Affairs, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina 
(for herself, Ms. W
ASSERMAN  
SCHULTZ , and Mrs. B LACKBURN ): 
H.R. 3339. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to protect coverage for screening mamography; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to 
the Committee on Ways and Means, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. EMMER of Minnesota: 
H.R. 3340. A bill to place the Financial Sta-
bility Oversight Council and the Office of Fi-nancial Research under the regular appro-priations process, to provide for certain quarterly reporting and public notice and comment requirements for the Office of Fi-nancial Research, and for other purposes; to 
the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Ms. ESHOO: 
H.R. 3341. A bill to designate the portion of 
Moffett Federal Airfield, California, con-taining the 129th Rescue Wing of the Cali-fornia Air National Guard as Moffett Air Na-tional Guard Base; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Mr. FLEMING: 
H.R. 3342. A bill to provide for stability of 
title to certain lands in the State of Lou-isiana, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. FOSTER (for himself and Mr. 
D
EUTCH ): 
H.R. 3343. A bill to provide for improve-
ments in the treatment of detainees, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 
By Ms. FRANKEL of Florida (for her-
self, Mr. C
LEAVER , and Mr. C ICILLINE ): 
H.R. 3344. A bill to enhance the capabilities 
of metropolitan planning organizations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. GOSAR (for himself, Mrs. K
IRK-
PATRICK , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. 
AMODEI , and Ms. S INEMA ): 
H.R. 3345. A bill to amend the Radiation 
Exposure Compensation Act for purposes of making claims under such Act based on ex-posure to atmospheric nuclear testing, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. GRAHAM: 
H.R. 3346. A bill to provide support for the 
development of middle school career explo-ration programs linked to career and tech-nical education programs of study; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. AL GREEN of Texas (for him-
self, Mr. G
ENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. 
RANGEL , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illi-
nois, Mr. B URGESS , and Mr. O LSON ): 
H.R. 3347. A bill to amend title XIX of the 
Social Security Act to provide incentives for education on the risk of renal medullary car-cinoma in individuals who are receiving medical assistance under such title and who have Sickle Cell Disease; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. AL GREEN of Texas (for him-
self, Mr. P
OEof Texas, and Mr. 
DUFFY ): 
H.R. 3348. A bill to direct the Attorney 
General to create a special reward program for individuals providing information leading to the apprehension and conviction of per-sons committing offenses under section 1030 of title 18, United States Code, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 
By Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER (for her-
self and Mr. S
CHRADER ): 
H.R. 3349. A bill to amend the Water Re-
sources Development Act of 2000 to allow certain private entities to receive expedited permits; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. HIGGINS (for himself, Mr. 
T
HOMPSON of Mississippi, and Mr. 
KINGof New York): 
H.R. 3350. A bill to require a terrorism 
threat assessment regarding the transpor-tation of chemical, biological, nuclear, and radiological materials through United States land borders and within the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. 
By Mr. HONDA (for himself, Mr. E
LLI-
SON, Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. G ARAMENDI , 
Mrs. L AWRENCE , and Mr. C ONYERS ): H.R. 3351. A bill to provide for cost-of-liv-
ing increases for certain Federal benefits programs based on increases in the Con-sumer Price Index for the elderly; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addi-
tion to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs, Oversight and Government Reform, and Armed Services, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. HULTGREN: 
H.R. 3352. A bill to amend the Patient Pro-
tection and Affordable Care Act and the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide great-er flexibility with respect to waivers granted to States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. HUNTER (for himself, Mr. 
M
CCLINTOCK , and Mr. C ALVERT ): 
H.R. 3353. A bill to amend the Federal 
Water Pollution Control Act to limit attor-ney fees and penalties in citizen suits, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
By Ms. JACKSON LEE (for herself and 
Mr. C
ONYERS ): 
H.R. 3354. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to provide an alternate release date for certain nonviolent offenders, to amend title 18, United States Code, with re-spect to the computation of the good time credit toward service of sentences of impris-onment, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas (for herself 
and Mr. L
EWIS): 
H.R. 3355. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to allow physician as-sistants, nurse practitioners, and clinical nurse specialists to supervise cardiac, inten-sive cardiac, and pulmonary rehabilitation programs; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas (for herself 
and Mr. B
LUMENAUER ): 
H.R. 3356. A bill to amend titles XVIII and 
XIX of the Social Security Act with respect to the qualification of the director of food services of a Medicare skilled nursing facil-ity or a Medicaid nursing facility; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio: 
H.R. 3357. A bill to amend the Mineral 
Leasing Act to require payment to counties of a portion of revenues received by the United States under Federal oil and gas leases; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. KEATING (for himself and Mr. 
K
ATKO ): 
H.R. 3358. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Homeland Security to ensure that sex of-fenders to be released from the custody of Immigration and Customs Enforcement are registered on sex offender registry, and rel-evant State, tribal, and local authorities are notified of their release, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. KILMER (for himself, Mrs. 
B
ROOKS of Indiana, Ms. B ONAMICI , and 
Mr. H ANNA ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00171 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L29JY7.100 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5766 July 29, 2015 
H.R. 3359. A bill to provide for loan repay-
ment for teachers in high-need schools; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. 
By Mr. KILMER (for himself and Mr. 
R
IGELL ): 
H.R. 3360. A bill to provide for identity pro-
tection coverage and other services for indi-
viduals exposed to the OPM security breaches, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
By Mr. KING of New York (for himself, 
Mr. H
IGGINS , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. 
KATKO , and Mr. D ONOVAN ): 
H.R. 3361. A bill to amend the Homeland 
Security Act of 2002 to establish the Insider Threat Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. 
By Ms. KUSTER: 
H.R. 3362. A bill to allow employers a cred-
it against income tax as an incentive to partner with community colleges or other educational institutions to improve work-force development and job training for stu-dents; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. L
AMALFA (for himself, Mr. 
DEFAZIO, Mr. S TEWART , Mr. Z INKE, 
Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, 
Ms. D EGETTE , and Ms. S INEMA ): 
H.R. 3363. A bill to implement reforms to 
the Federal land management agency fire programs in order to address the complex-ities of 21st century wildfires in a more cost- effective and efficient manner; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 
By Mr. LARSEN of Washington (for 
himself, Mrs. B
EATTY , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. J UDY 
CHUof California, Mr. C LAY, Mr. C LY-
BURN , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. 
DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. 
DELBENE, Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. E LLISON , 
Ms. H AHN, Mr. H ECKof Washington, 
Mr. H IMES, Mr. I SRAEL , Ms. J ACKSON  
LEE, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. 
FARR, Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEY of 
New York, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. R ICH-
MOND , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Ms. 
TSONGAS , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. K ILMER , 
Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Ms. 
ESTY, Mr. M EEKS , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. 
BISHOP of Georgia, and Mr. R USH): 
H.R. 3364. A bill to amend the Help Amer-
ica Vote Act of 2002 to permit an individual who is subject to a requirement to present identification as a condition of voting in an election for Federal office to meet such re-quirement by presenting a sworn written statement attesting to the individual’s iden-tification, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration. 
By Mr. LARSEN of Washington (for 
himself, Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Ms. T ITUS, 
Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. R USH, Mr. 
SEANPATRICK MALONEY of New York, 
and Ms. D ELBENE): 
H.R. 3365. A bill to improve the reproduc-
tive assistance provided by the Department of Defense and the Department of Veterans Affairs to severely wounded, ill, or injured members of the Armed Forces, veterans, and their spouses or partners, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. LAWRENCE: 
H.R. 3366. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-
cation Act of 1965 to allow an individual to qualify for both teacher loan forgiveness and public service loan forgiveness, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. LEWIS: 
H.R. 3367. A bill to reauthorize the Assets 
for Independence Act, to provide for the ap-proval of applications to operate new dem-onstration programs and to renew existing programs, to enhance program flexibility, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. LEWIS: 
H.R. 3368. A bill to amend title XX of the 
Social Security Act to provide grants to sup-port job creation initiatives, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. LOEBSACK: 
H.R. 3369. A bill to establish an Office of 
Rural Education Policy in the Department of Education, make other modifications to Fed-eral law to improve rural schools, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. LOFGREN (for herself and Mr. 
G
UTIE´RREZ ): 
H.R. 3370. A bill to amend the Immigration 
and Nationality Act to promote innovation, investment, and research in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Education and the Work-force, and Rules, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. LOUDERMILK (for himself, Mr. 
C
ARTER of Georgia, and Mr. W EST-
MORELAND ): 
H.R. 3371. A bill to adjust the boundary of 
the Kennesaw Mountain National Battlefield Park to include the Wallis House and Harriston Hill, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mrs. LOVE (for herself, Mr. W
ELCH , 
Mr. G OWDY , Mr. H UNTER , and Ms. 
FUDGE ): 
H.R. 3372. A bill to establish the Higher 
Education Regulatory Reform Task Force, to expand the experimental sites initiative under the Higher Education Act of 1965 to re-duce college costs for students, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. LOWENTHAL: 
H.R. 3373. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to direct the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to review certain whistleblower complaints; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. LOWENTHAL: 
H.R. 3374. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to provide for the payment of childcare assistance to certain single parents who are participating in a Department of Veterans Affairs vocational rehabilitation program, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mrs. LOWEY (for herself, Mrs. 
C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, 
Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Ms. 
FRANKEL of Florida, Ms. L EE, Mr. 
ENGEL , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. B EYER , Mr. 
JOHNSON of Georgia, and Mr. 
SERRANO ): 
H.R. 3375. A bill to amend chapter 44 of 
title 18, United States Code, to extend the period during which a firearms licensee is re-quired to wait for a response from the na-tional instant criminal background check system before being allowed to transfer a 
firearm to a prospective transferee; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mrs. LOWEY: 
H.R. 3376. A bill to authorize States to 
carry out bridge construction, maintenance, repair, and replacement projects using pre-viously allocated surface transportation funds that are identified as being excess or inactive, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
By Mrs. LOWEY (for herself, Mr. C
ART-
WRIGHT , Mr. S CHIFF , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
GRIJALVA , Ms. K APTUR , Ms. B ROWN of 
Florida, Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. 
MCDERMOTT , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. 
MCCOLLUM , Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. 
DELAURO , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. M ICHELLE  
LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mrs. 
KIRKPATRICK , Mr. G ALLEGO , Ms. 
FRANKEL of Florida, Mr. N ADLER , Ms. 
KUSTER , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mrs. D IN-
GELL , Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. V ANHOL-
LEN, Ms. L EE, Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. 
CLARKE of New York, Ms. M OORE , Ms. 
BROWNLEY of California, Ms. S LAUGH -
TER, Ms. S INEMA , Mr. F ATTAH , Ms. 
MENG, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Ms. 
SPEIER , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. Q UIGLEY , 
Mr. H ONDA , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. 
ENGEL , Ms. T ITUS, Ms. C LARK of Mas-
sachusetts, Mr. M CGOVERN , and Mr. 
TAKANO ): 
H.R. 3377. A bill to amend title II of the So-
cial Security Act to credit prospectively in-dividuals serving as caregivers of dependent relatives with deemed wages for up to five years of such service; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York (for herself, Ms. B
ONAMICI , 
Ms. S LAUGHTER , Ms. F RANKEL of Flor-
ida, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mrs. D AVIS of 
California, Mr. P RICE of North Caro-
lina, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. D EUTCH , Ms. 
NORTON , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. L EE, Mr. 
SEANPATRICK MALONEY of New York, 
and Ms. M OORE ): 
H.R. 3378. A bill to direct the Federal 
Trade Commission to prescribe rules prohib-iting deceptive advertising of abortion serv-ices; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 
By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of 
New York (for himself and Mr. H
ANNA ): 
H.R. 3379. A bill to direct the Adminis-
trator of the Federal Aviation Administra-tion to initiate a rulemaking with respect to 
aircraft medical kits, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure. 
By Mr. MARINO (for himself and Mr. 
P
IERLUISI ): 
H.R. 3380. A bill to provide the Department 
of Justice with additional tools to target extraterritorial drug trafficking activity, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. M
CCAUL (for himself, Mr. V AN 
HOLLEN , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. F LORES , Mr. 
FITZPATRICK , Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. S TIV-
ERS, Mr. C APUANO , Mr. K INGof New 
York, Ms. E DWARDS , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , 
Mr. H ANNA , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof 
New Mexico, Mr. H UNTER , Mr. P AS-
CRELL , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Ms. J ACKSON  
LEE, Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. 
VEASEY , Mr. H IMES, Ms. C LARK of 
Massachusetts, Ms. C ASTOR of Flor-
ida, Mr. S IRES, Ms. T ITUS, Mr. N OLAN , 
Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00172 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L29JY7.100 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5767 July 29, 2015 
RANGEL , and Ms. F RANKEL of Flor-
ida): 
H.R. 3381. A bill to maximize discovery, 
and accelerate development and availability, of promising childhood cancer treatments, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. M
CCLINTOCK (for himself and 
Mr. A MODEI ): 
H.R. 3382. A bill to amend the Lake Tahoe 
Restoration Act to enhance recreational op-portunities, environmental restoration ac-tivities, and forest management activities in the Lake Tahoe Basin, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources, and in addition to the Committees on Agriculture, and Transportation and In-frastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Ms. MENG: 
H.R. 3383. A bill to limit the number of 
hours that children may be employed as ac-tors, performers, and models, to require blocked trust accounts for the financial pro-tection of such children, to clarify the liabil-ity of employers, contractors, and other indi-viduals for sexual harassment of such child performers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Ms. MENG (for herself, Mr. 
G
ALLEGO , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Ms. 
NORTON , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mrs. L OWEY , 
Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Miss R ICEof New York, and 
Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts): 
H.R. 3384. A bill to reestablish the Office of 
Noise Abatement and Control in the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. NOLAN: 
H.R. 3385. A bill to require pipelines regu-
lated by the Secretary of Transportation to be made of steel that is produced in the United States and originates from iron ore and taconite mined and processed in the United States, for safety, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. NORCROSS: 
H.R. 3386. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Energy to establish a pilot competitive grant program for the development of a skilled en-ergy workforce, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. 
By Ms. NORTON: 
H.R. 3387. A bill to amend the Freedom of 
Information Act, the Privacy Act, and the Federal Advisory Committee Act to apply the requirements of such Acts to the Smith-sonian Institution, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 
By Mr. NUGENT (for himself, Mr. C
OL-
LINS of Georgia, Mr. G IBSON , Mr. S ES-
SIONS , Mrs. B LACK , and Mr. B URGESS ): 
H.R. 3388. A bill to amend title 37, United 
States Code, to impose a statute of limita-tions on the ability of the Department of De-fense to recover certain indebtedness owed to the United States by members of the uni-formed services, including retired and former members, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. NUNES (for himself, Mr. 
L
AMALFA , Mr. V ALADAO , Mrs. M IMI 
WALTERS of California, Mr. K LINE, 
and Mr. C OOK): 
H.R. 3389. A bill to amend section 320301 of 
title 54, United States Code, to require cer-tain procedures for designating national monuments, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. PASCRELL (for himself, Mr. 
F
ITZPATRICK , and Mr. N EAL): 
H.R. 3390. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide credits for the production of renewable chemicals and in-vestments in renewable chemical production facilities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. PERRY: 
H.R. 3391. A bill to provide Governors of 
States with the authority to withhold Fed-eral financial assistance from units of local government that do not comply with the im-migration laws, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. PETERS (for himself, Mr. 
S
ALMON , Mr. F ARR, and Ms. S INEMA ): 
H.R. 3392. A bill to amend the Energy Pol-
icy Act of 2005 to require the Secretary of Energy to consider the objective of improv-ing the conversion, use, and storage of car-bon dioxide produced from fossil fuels in car-rying out research and development pro-grams under that Act; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
By Mr. POSEY (for himself and Mr. 
R
OSS): 
H.R. 3393. A bill to amend the Truth in 
Lending Act to clarify that the points and fees in connection with a mortgage loan do not include certain compensation amounts already taken into account in setting the in-terest rate on such loan, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. 
By Mr. POSEY (for himself, Mr. T
ROTT , 
Mr. D EUTCH , and Mr. J OHNSON of 
Georgia): 
H.R. 3394. A bill to amend the Terrorism 
Risk Insurance Act of 2002 to allow for the use of certain assets of foreign persons and entities to satisfy certain judgments against terrorist parties, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. QUIGLEY (for himself, Mr. 
C
A´RDENAS , Ms. L EE, Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. P OCAN , 
Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. 
MCGOVERN , and Mr. G RIJALVA ): 
H.R. 3395. A bill to prevent the illegal sale 
of firearms, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. RANGEL (for himself, Mr. 
M
CDERMOTT , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. 
CONYERS , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. C ASTOR  
of Florida, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. C UM-
MINGS , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. P OCAN , 
and Ms. C LARKE of New York): 
H.R. 3396. A bill to address the dramatic in-
crease of HIV/AIDS in minority commu-nities; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. REED (for himself, Mr. P
AS-
CRELL , Mr. D IAZ-BALART , and Mr. 
DEFAZIO): 
H.R. 3397. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide a credit for own-ing certain disaster resilient property; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. REICHERT (for himself, Mr. 
K
ILMER , and Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER ): 
H.R. 3398. A bill to improve the condition 
and performance of the national multimodal freight network, and for other purposes; to 
the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 
By Mr. RICHMOND (for himself, Mr. 
C
HAFFETZ , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. 
ROONEY of Florida, Mr. T HOMPSON of 
Mississippi, and Mr. C LYBURN ): 
H.R. 3399. A bill to develop and implement 
national standards for the use of solitary confinement in correctional facilities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. ROHRABACHER (for himself, 
Mr. K
INGof Iowa, and Mr. G OHMERT ): 
H.R. 3400. A bill to authorize the extension 
of nondiscriminatory treatment (normal trade relations treatment) to the products of Kazakhstan, Tajikistan, and Uzbekistan; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. ROONEY of Florida (for himself 
and Mr. R
ICHMOND ): 
H.R. 3401. A bill to reduce Federal over-
criminalization, protect Americans from un-just punishment, and uphold the role of Con-gress by clarifying mens rea requirements for all Federal criminal offenses, creating an inventory of Federal offenses that carry a criminal penalty, and providing that no rule of the executive branch which may be en-forced by criminal penalties can take effect unless a joint resolution of approval is en-acted into law; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. RUPPERSBERGER: 
H.R. 3402. A bill to strengthen the ability 
of the Secretary of Homeland Security to de-tect and prevent intrusions against, and to use countermeasures to protect, government agency information systems and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. SALMON (for himself, Mr. S
ES-
SIONS , and Ms. G RANGER ): 
H.R. 3403. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-
cation Act of 1965 to protect victims of sex-ual violence, to improve the adjudication of allegations related to sexual violence, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. SALMON: 
H.R. 3404. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to allow tax free distribu-tions from health savings accounts for fit-ness facility membership and classes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. SALMON: 
H.R. 3405. A bill to prohibit the Depart-
ment of Health and Human Services from ob-ligating or expending any funds for grants for developing or evaluating a video game to train parents in food parenting practices, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Appropriations, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. SENSENBRENNER (for him-
self, Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, 
Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. 
CHABOT , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. 
RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Ms. J ACK-
SONLEE, Mr. F ORBES , Mr. J OHNSON of 
Georgia, Mr. M ARINO , Mr. C LYBURN , 
Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. C UM-
MINGS , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , 
Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Ms. C LARKE of 
New York, Mr. G IBSON , Mr. S CHIFF , 
Mr. W ALKER , Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. 
GUINTA , Ms. M OORE , Mr. R OONEY of 
Florida, Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. H ARDY , 
Mr. C OHEN , and Mr. R ICHMOND ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00173 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L29JY7.100 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5768 July 29, 2015 
H.R. 3406. A bill to reauthorize the Second 
Chance Act of 2007; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. SENSENBRENNER (for him-
self, Mr. H
ARPER , and Mr. J ONES ): 
H.R. 3407. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to remove the deduction for charitable contributions from the overall limitation on itemized deductions; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. SESSIONS (for himself and 
Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana): 
H.R. 3408. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-
cation Act of 1965 to protect victims of sex-ual violence, to improve the adjudication by institutions of higher education of allega-tions related to sexual violence, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. 
By Mr. SMITH of Missouri (for himself, 
Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. 
WOMACK , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illi-
nois, Mr. B ARR, Mr. H OLDING , Mr. 
LONG, Mr. R OGERS of Kentucky, Mr. 
PRICE of North Carolina, and Mr. 
WELCH ): 
H.R. 3409. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to exclude payments re-ceived under the Work Colleges Program from gross income, including payments made from institutional funds; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. SMITH of Washington (for him-
self, Mr. G
RIJALVA , Ms. L EE, Mr. L AR-
SENof Washington, Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. 
MCDERMOTT , and Mr. H ECKof Wash-
ington): 
H.R. 3410. A bill to authorize voluntary 
grazing permit retirement on Federal lands managed by the Department of Agriculture or the Department of the Interior where live-stock grazing is impractical, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. 
By Ms. SPEIER (for herself, Mrs. 
C
APPS , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. C ARNEY , 
Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. C LARK of Massa-
chusetts, Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. E LLISON , 
Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Ms. F UDGE , 
Ms. H AHN, Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. K ENNEDY , 
Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. L ARSON of Con-
necticut, Ms. L EE, Mr. L OWENTHAL , 
Mr. L YNCH , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALO-
NEY of New York, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
PASCRELL , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. Q UIGLEY , 
Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. S IRES, 
Ms. S LAUGHTER , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. 
VANHOLLEN , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. 
CONYERS , Mr. H IMES, Mr. P RICE of 
North Carolina, Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. 
MCCOLLUM , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. 
BLUMENAUER , Mr. F ARR, Mr. P AYNE , 
Mr. P ALLONE , and Ms. C ASTOR of 
Florida): 
H.R. 3411. A bill to ensure that all individ-
uals who should be prohibited from buying a firearm are listed in the national instant criminal background check system and re-quire a background check for every firearm sale; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Ms. SPEIER (for herself, Mr. B
EYER , 
Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. 
CARTWRIGHT , Ms. C LARKE of New 
York, Mr. C OSTA , Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. 
FRANKEL of Florida, Mr. G ARAMENDI , 
Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. 
HINOJOSA , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. J OHNSON  
of Ohio, Mr. J ONES , Mrs. K IRK-
PATRICK , Mr. L AMALFA , Mrs. L AW-
RENCE , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. M CKINLEY , 
Mr. P OLIS, Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. S LAUGH -
TER, and Mr. V EASEY ): 
H.R. 3412. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, and title 39, United States Code, to provide the United States Postal Service 
the authority to mail alcoholic beverages, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. STIVERS (for himself, Mr. 
J
OHNSON of Ohio, and Ms. F UDGE ): 
H.R. 3413. A bill to require a report on re-
quirements and risks in connection with the use of radioisotopic power systems for space exploration beyond low-Earth orbit; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology. 
By Mr. STIVERS (for himself, Mrs. 
B
EATTY , and Mr. T AKANO ): 
H.R. 3414. A bill to improve the certifi-
cation and licensing of employees and med-ical laboratories of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs that furnish prosthetic and orthotic services, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi: 
H.R. 3415. A bill to prohibit subsidiaries of 
foreign-owned corporations from obtaining contracts for the performance of passenger and baggage security screening at domestic commercial airports, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. 
By Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi: 
H.R. 3416. A bill to amend title 49, United 
States Code, to require that individuals seeking training in the operation of certain aircraft be checked against the terrorist watchlist to ensure that such individuals are non-threats to aviation, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity. 
By Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi: 
H.R. 3417. A bill to amend title 14, United 
States Code, to modify the process for con-gressional nomination of individuals for ap-pointment as cadets at the Coast Guard Academy, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to require the Department of Homeland Security to establish a com-prehensive recruitment and outreach plan for the Coast Guard Academy, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi: 
H.R. 3418. A bill to enhance homeland secu-
rity, including domestic preparedness and the collective response to terrorism, by im-proving the Federal Protective Service, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. TITUS (for herself, Mr. T
AKANO , 
and Miss R ICEof New York): 
H.R. 3419. A bill to authorize the Secretary 
of Veterans Affairs to make grants to eligi-ble educational institutions to provide child care services on campus; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. TONKO (for himself, Mr. N
AD-
LER, Mr. P IERLUISI , Mr. L OWENTHAL , 
Ms. N ORTON , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, 
Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. C ARSON of Indi-
ana, Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. W ELCH , and 
Mr. R USH): 
H.R. 3420. A bill to reauthorize the weath-
erization and State energy programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. WALKER (for himself, Mr. 
D
ESANTIS , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. D UNCAN of 
South Carolina, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. 
CHAFFETZ , Mr. B URGESS , Mr. G OSAR , 
Mr. C OOK, Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. 
OLSON , Mr. B LUM, Mrs. L OVE, Mr. JODY B. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. B RAT, 
Mr. L OUDERMILK , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. 
RIBBLE , Mr. H UDSON , Mr. C OFFMAN , 
Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. 
DUNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. P ALMER , 
Mr. B UCK, Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, 
Mr. B ABIN, Mr. S ALMON , Mr. 
MULVANEY , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. 
BRADY of Texas, Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. 
AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. J OR-
DAN, Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. 
LAMBORN , Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, 
Mr. W OODALL , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. 
SAMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. L AB-
RADOR , Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. M CCAUL, 
Mr. R OUZER , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. 
MESSER , and Mr. C ONAWAY ): 
H.R. 3421. A bill to allow a State to submit 
a declaration of intent to the Secretary of Education to combine certain funds to im-prove the academic achievement of students; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mrs. WALORSKI (for herself and 
Mr. W
ALZ): 
H.R. 3422. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to direct the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to establish credentialing re-quirements for medical vendors; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. WALZ (for himself, Mr. J
ONES , 
Mr. G IBSON , Miss R ICEof New York, 
Mr. N OLAN , and Mr. T AKANO ): 
H.R. 3423. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, and the Agent Orange Act of 1991 to extend the certain authorities of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs regarding asso-ciations between diseases and exposure to dioxin and other chemical compounds in her-bicides; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. 
By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California 
(for herself and Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ ): 
H.R. 3424. A bill to provide for extension of 
agreements between the Secretary of Hous-ing and Urban Development and public hous-ing agencies participating in the Moving to Work Demonstration Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. WEBER of Texas (for himself, 
Mr. B
ABIN, Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. J ODYB. 
HICEof Georgia, Mr. K INGof Iowa, 
Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. F LORES , Mr. 
RATCLIFFE , and Mr. C ONAWAY ): 
H.R. 3425. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to give nationwide effect to the least restrictive State laws regarding the carrying of firearms that are concealed, or are partially or fully visible to the public; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. WELCH (for himself and Mr. 
B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico): 
H.R. 3426. A bill to amend title VI of the 
Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 to establish a Federal renewable elec-tricity standard for retail electricity sup-pliers and a Federal energy efficiency re-source standard for electricity and natural 
gas suppliers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Ms. WILSON of Florida (for herself, 
Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, Mr. C ONYERS , 
and Mr. P AYNE ): 
H.R. 3427. A bill to amend the Fair Labor 
Standards Act of 1938 to ensure that employ-ees are not misclassified as non-employees, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. WITTMAN (for himself, Mr. 
M
ASSIE , Mr. P OMPEO , Mrs. B LACK -
BURN , Mr. C RAMER , and Mr. F ORBES ): 
H.R. 3428. A bill to require assurances that 
certain family planning service projects and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00174 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L29JY7.100 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5769 July 29, 2015 
programs will provide pamphlets containing 
the contact information of adoption centers; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. YODER (for himself, Mr. 
F
RANKS of Arizona, Mr. S TEWART , Mr. 
DUFFY , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. S HIM-
KUS, Mr. J ONES , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , 
Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. G OWDY , Mr. H AR-
RIS, Mr. B ABIN, Ms. J ENKINS of Kan-
sas, Mr. P EARCE , Mr. C OLLINS of New 
York, Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. P ITTENGER , 
Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. 
BARTON , and Mr. K ELLY of Pennsyl-
vania): 
H.R. 3429. A bill to amend title IV of the 
Public Health Service Act to prohibit sale or transactions relating to human fetal tissue; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. YOUNG of Indiana: 
H.R. 3430. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide for a reduction in improper claims of refundable credits by directing the Secretary of the Treasury to ensure consistency of requirements for self and paid tax return preparers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. YOUNG of Indiana: 
H.R. 3431. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide for an energy equivalent of a gallon of diesel in the case of liquefied natural gas for purposes of the In-land Waterways Trust Fund financing rate; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. YOUNG of Indiana (for himself 
and Mr. P
OLIS): 
H.R. 3432. A bill to provide the legal frame-
work and income tax treatment necessary for the growth of innovative private financ-ing options for students to fund postsec-ondary education, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on Education and the Workforce, and Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. LARSON of Connecticut: 
H.J. Res. 62. A joint resolution to authorize 
the use of the Armed Forces of the United States against Iran if Iran commits a serious violation of its commitments or obligations under the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Ac-tion, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. BISHOP of Michigan (for him-
self, Mr. P
ETERSON , Mrs. N OEM, Mr. 
MOOLENAAR , and Mr. P OLIQUIN ): 
H. Con. Res. 67. Concurrent resolution es-
tablishing a joint select committee to ad-dress regulatory reform; to the Committee on Rules. 
By Mr. HUNTER (for himself, Mr. 
C
OURTNEY , Mr. L ARSEN of Wash-
ington, Mr. G ARAMENDI , and Mr. 
LOBIONDO ): 
H. Con. Res. 68. Concurrent resolution ex-
pressing the sense of Congress regarding the 225th anniversary of the establishment of the Coast Guard; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. WILLIAMS: 
H. Con. Res. 69. Concurrent resolution ex-
pressing the sense of Congress that any re-form or repeal of the last-in, first-out meth-od of accounting for inventories (LIFO) would cause irreparable and unnecessary damage to United States businesses; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. FRANKS of Arizona (for him-
self, Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina, 
Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. 
OLSON , Mr. G ARRETT , Mr. B ROOKS of 
Alabama, Mr. S ALMON , Mr. G OHMERT , 
Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mrs. B LACKBURN , 
Mr. R OKITA , Mr. J ORDAN , and Mr. 
NEWHOUSE ): H. Res. 392. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives that the enactment of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2009, Public Law 111- 148, violated article I, section 7 of the United States Constitution because it was a bill for raising revenue that did not originate in the House of Representatives; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY (for herself, Ms. 
M
ATSUI , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. 
BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Ms. J UDY CHU 
of California, Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. C ON-
YERS , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, 
Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. 
DESAULNIER , Mr. D EUTCH , Mrs. D IN-
GELL , Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. E LLISON , Ms. 
ESTY, Mr. F ARR, Ms. F RANKEL of 
Florida, Ms. F UDGE , Mr. G RAYSON , 
Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. 
HAHN, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H IGGINS , 
Mr. H ONDA , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. 
KAPTUR , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, 
Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. 
LIPINSKI , Mrs. L OWEY , Ms. M ICHELLE  
LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mrs. 
CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, 
Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. 
MEEKS , Ms. M OORE , Mrs. N APOLITANO , 
Mr. N OLAN , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P AL-
LONE , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. 
QUIGLEY , Mr. R USH, Ms. L INDA T. 
SA´NCHEZ of California, Mr. S ARBANES , 
Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. T AKAI, Mr. 
TAKANO , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, 
Mr. T ONKO , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. 
VARGAS , Ms. M AXINE WATERS of Cali-
fornia, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Ms. 
WILSON of Florida, and Mr. 
GARAMENDI ): 
H. Res. 393. A resolution expressing support 
for policies to protect and expand Social Se-curity and secure its long-term future in a fair and responsible manner; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. M
CGOVERN (for himself, Mr. 
PITTS, Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. 
RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Ms. L EE, 
Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. 
ISRAEL , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. 
EDWARDS , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. 
RICHMOND , Ms. M AXINE WATERS of 
California, and Ms. N ORTON ): 
H. Res. 394. A resolution condemning Jo-
seph Kony and the Lord’s Resistance Army for continuing to perpetrate crimes against humanity, war crimes, and mass atrocities, and supporting ongoing efforts by the United States Government, the African Union, and governments and regional organizations in central Africa to remove Joseph Kony and Lord’s Resistance Army commanders from the battlefield and promote protection and recovery of affected communities; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. BERA (for himself, Mr. H
IGGINS , 
Mr. S HERMAN , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. 
ISRAEL , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. H OLDING , 
Mr. C OSTA , Mr. S MITH of Washington, 
Ms. M ENG, Mr. E NGEL , Mr. D EUTCH , 
and Mr. O LSON ): 
H. Res. 395. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives com-memorating the Republic of India’s Inde-pendence Day and recognizing United States- India relations on India’s National Day; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Ms. GABBARD (for herself, Mr. 
S
ALMON , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. F ATTAH , 
and Mr. D OLD): 
H. Res. 396. A resolution calling on the 
Government of Bangladesh to protect the human rights of all its citizens, particularly 
vulnerable minorities, strengthen demo-cratic institutions and rule of law, and pre-vent the growth of extremist groups; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER (for her-
self, Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS , and 
Mr. N EWHOUSE ): 
H. Res. 397. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives regard-ing preserving the rights of employers and 
employees regarding coverage through asso-ciation health plans; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas (for herself 
and Mr. W
ELCH ): 
H. Res. 398. A resolution recognizing that 
access to hospitals and other health care providers for patients in rural areas of the United States is essential to the survival and success of communities in the United States; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. JONES: 
H. Res. 399. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives that the House should consider legislation to pro-tect traditional marriage and prevent tax-payer funding of abortion; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary, Oversight and Government Reform, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. PALLONE (for himself, Mr. 
L
EVIN, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. M ATSUI , 
Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. B ECERRA , Mr. 
CROWLEY , Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , 
Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. G ENEGREEN of 
Texas, Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. 
BUTTERFIELD , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. 
ENGEL , Mr. G ALLEGO , Ms. J ACKSON  
LEE, Mr. T ONKO , Ms. F RANKEL of 
Florida, Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. S ARBANES , 
Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. L ARSON  
of Connecticut, Ms. B ROWN of Flor-
ida, Mrs. B EATTY , Ms. M ICHELLE  
LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. 
YARMUTH , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. 
DEUTCH , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. L OEBSACK , Ms. 
CASTOR of Florida, Mr. H IGGINS , Ms. 
MCCOLLUM , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. S COTT of 
Virginia, Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. 
DELBENE, Ms. S PEIER , Ms. H AHN, Mr. 
CONNOLLY , Mrs. D AVIS of California, 
Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. M CNER-
NEY, Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-
ico, Mr. D EFAZIO, Mrs. N APOLITANO , 
Ms. N ORTON , Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. P AYNE , 
Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Ms. 
LINDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Mr. 
CUMMINGS , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. 
DELAURO , Ms. L EE, Mr. K EATING , Ms. 
KAPTUR , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. T EDLIEU 
of California, Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. 
HUFFMAN , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. F ARR, 
Mr. N EAL, Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Ms. 
CLARKE of New York, Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. D ANNY K. 
DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. C OHEN , Ms. 
DUCKWORTH , Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. 
COURTNEY , Ms. B ASS, Mr. N ORCROSS , 
Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New 
York, Mr. E LLISON , Mr. L ANGEVIN , 
Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. 
GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. W ELCH , Ms. E STY, 
Mrs. C APPS , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. P OCAN , 
Mr. R USH, Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. K EN-
NEDY , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. 
THOMPSON of California, Mr. N OLAN , 
Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00175 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L29JY7.100 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5770 July 29, 2015 
TAKANO , Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. M ICHAEL  
F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. F OS-
TER, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mrs. W ATSON  
COLEMAN , Ms. M OORE , Mr. L IPINSKI , 
Ms. P INGREE , Ms. C LARK of Massachu-
setts, Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. T HOMPSON of 
Mississippi, Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , 
Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. S IRES, Mr. D OGGETT , 
Mr. B EYER , Mr. C ARNEY , Mrs. B USTOS , 
Ms. F UDGE , Mr. K IND, Mr. P OLIS, Ms. 
WILSON of Florida, Mr. R UIZ, Mr. 
RICHMOND , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. D AVID 
SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. C ASTRO of 
Texas, Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of Cali-
fornia, Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. C LEAVER , 
Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. R YAN 
of Ohio, Ms. S INEMA , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. 
PERLMUTTER , Mr. C LAY, Mr. 
GARAMENDI , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. P ETER -
SON, Mr. P IERLUISI , Mr. B ISHOP of 
Georgia, Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. 
VEASEY , Ms. A DAMS , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. 
MURPHY of Florida, Mr. C OSTA , Ms. 
EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. 
BROWNLEY of California, Mr. W ALZ, 
Mr. V ELA, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. 
HECK of Washington, Mr. M OULTON , 
Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Mr. 
SHERMAN , and Mr. K ILMER ): 
H. Res. 400. A resolution commemorating 
50 years since the creation of the Medicare and Medicaid Programs; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. PERRY: 
H. Res. 401. A resolution supporting the 
goals and ideals of ‘‘Vietnam Veterans Day’’; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. ROYCE (for himself and Mr. 
E
NGEL ): 
H. Res. 402. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives regard-ing politically motivated acts of boycott, di-vestment from, and sanctions against Israel, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. VAN HOLLEN (for himself and 
Mrs. B
LACKBURN ): 
H. Res. 403. A resolution recognizing the 
campaign of genocide against the Kurdish people in Iraq; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. WITTMAN: 
H. Res. 404. A resolution commemorating 
the 75th anniversary of the Virginia Insti-tute of Marine Science of the College of Wil-liam & Mary; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. 
By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska (for himself 
and Mr. T
AKAI): 
H. Res. 405. A resolution calling on the 
Council for the Accreditation of Educator Preparation to modify its accreditation standards to prevent the standards from neg-atively impacting Alaska Native and Amer-ican Indian teacher candidates; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. 
f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY 
STATEMENT 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of 
the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. GARRETT: 
H.R. 3273. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 (‘‘The Con-
gress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts, and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common De-fense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States;’’) 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 (‘‘To make 
all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or any Department or Officer thereof.’’) 
Article I, Section 9, Clause 7 (‘‘No Money 
shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in consequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time.’’) 
By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia: 
H.R. 3274. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 7, ‘‘The Con-
gress shall have Power to . . . Establish Post Offices and post Roads . . .’’ In the Constitu-tion, the power possessed by Congress em-braces the regulation of the Postal System in the country. Therefore, the proposed legis-lation in naming a post office would fall under the powers granted to Congress in the Constitution. 
By Mr. ELLISON: 
H.R. 3275. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1. 
By Mr. ELLISON: 
H.R. 3276. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. ELLISON: 
H.R. 3277. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. ROYCE: 
H.R. 3278. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The principal constitutional authority for 
this legislation is Article 1 Section 8: to pro-vide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States. 
By Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: 
H.R. 3279. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 9, Clause 7 of the United 
States Constitution, which states that ‘‘No money shall be drawn from the Treasury but in consequence of Appropriations made by law; and a regular statement and account of the receipts and expenditures of all public money shall be published from time to time.’’ 
By Mr. SWALWELL of California: 
H.R. 3280. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the 
United States Constitution. 
By Mr. CALVERT: 
H.R. 3281. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority of Congress 
to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, section 18, and Article IV, section 3, clause 2. 
By Mr. FARENTHOLD: 
H.R. 3282. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section, 8. 
By Mr. POLIQUIN: 
H.R. 3283. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. KATKO: 
H,R, 3284. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to 
Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. PASCRELL: 
H.R. 3285. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution, 
By Mr. COOK: 
H.R. 3286. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mr. MARCHANT: 
H.R. 3287. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
U.S. Constitution Art. I Sec. 8 cl. 1, under 
the ‘‘Power To lay and collect Taxes’’; 
Amd. 16, under the ‘‘power to lay and col-
lect taxes on incomes, from whatever source derived, without apportionment among the several States, and without regard to any census or enumeration’’; and 
Art. I Sec. 8 cl. 18, under the power ‘‘To 
make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof.’’ 
By Mr. MARCHANT: 
H.R. 3288. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Art. I Sec. 8 cl. 1: ‘‘The Congress shall have 
Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Im-posts and Excises, to pay the Debts and pro-vide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States [. . .]’’ 
16th Amendment: ‘‘The Congress shall have 
power to lay and collect taxes on incomes, from whatever source derived, without ap-portionment among the several States, and without regard to any census or enumera-tion.’’ 
Art. I Sec. 8 cl. 18, ‘‘To make all Laws 
which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof:’’ 
By Mr. LOWENTHAL: 
H.R. 3289. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 and Article IV, Section 
3 
By Ms. JACKSON LEE: 
H.R. 3290. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1, 4, and 18 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin: 
H.R. 3291. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority on which this 
bill rests is the power of Congress to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 14 of the United States Constitution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00176 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L29JY7.100 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5771 July 29, 2015 
By Mr. BRADY of Texas: 
H.R. 3292. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority on which this 
bill rests is the power of Congress to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 14 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. SMITH of Texas: 
H.R. 3293. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have power to make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof. 
By Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina: 
H.R. 3294. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The authority to enact this bill is derived 
from, but may not be limited to, Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution. 
‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Na-
tions, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes;’’ 
By Mr. CUMMINGS: 
H.R. 3295. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 9, Clause 7: ‘‘No money 
shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law’’ and 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: ‘‘The Con-
gress shall have Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States’’ 
By Mrs. BLACK: 
H.R. 3296. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 which states: 
‘‘The Congress shall have the Power To . . . establish an uniform Rule of Naturalization . . .’’ 
By Mr. GRIFFITH: 
H.R. 3297. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. BRADY of Texas: 
H.R. 3298. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority on which this 
bill rests is the power of Congress to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 14 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana: 
H.R. 3299. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. PITTENGER: 
H.R. 3300. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Sec. 8, Clauses 5 & 18, of the 
United States Constitution 
By Mr. JOLLY: 
H.R. 3301. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. OLSON: 
H.R. 3302. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 and Article I, 
Section 8, Clause 18 
By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: 
H.R. 3303. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (relating to 
the power of Congress to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.) 
Article I; Section 8; Clause 18 The Congress shall have Power To make 
all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof. 
By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: 
H.R. 3304. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (relating to 
the power of Congress to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.) 
By Mr. HURD of Texas: 
H.R. 3305. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: 
‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States . . .’’ 
By Mr. RUSH: 
H.R. 3306. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 
By Mrs. HARTZLER: 
H.R. 3307. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I: Section 8: Clause 3 The United 
States Congress shall have power 
‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Na-
tions, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ 
By Mr. GRAYSON: 
H.R. 3308. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-
tion. 
By Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina: 
H.R. 3309. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Commerce Clause: Article I, Section 8, 
Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution gives Con-gress the power ‘‘to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ 
By Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN: 
H.R. 3310. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 The Congress shall have Power to dispose 
of and make all needful Rules and Regula-tions respecting the Territory or other Prop-erty belonging to the United States 
By Mr. BLUMENAUER: 
H.R. 3311. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Constitution of the United States pro-
vides clear authority for Congress to pass legislation regarding income taxes. Article I of the Constitution, in detailing Congres-sional authority, provides that ‘‘Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes . . .’’ (Section 8, Clause 1). Further clarifying Congressional power to enact an income tax, voters amended the Constitution by popular vote to provide that ‘‘Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes on incomes, 
from whatever source derived . . .’’ (Six-teenth Amendment). 
By Ms. ADAMS: 
H.R. 3312. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18, ‘‘Congress 
shall have the Power...To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer Thereof’’ 
By Mr. M
CCAUL: 
H.R. 3313. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18—To make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. BABIN: 
H.R. 3314. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 
By Mr. BABIN: 
H.R. 3315. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 Article I, Section 8, Clause 7 Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 
By Mr. BARLETTA: 
H.R. 3316. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 1; and Article I, Section 
8 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. BILIRAKIS: 
H.R. 3317. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to Article I, 
Section 8, Clause 1 of the Constitution of the United States and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution of the United States. 
By Mr. BLUM: 
H.R. 3318. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause I 
By Mr. BLUMENAUER: 
H.R. 3319. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 7 of the U.S. 
Constitution 
By Mr. BOUSTANY: 
H.R. 3320. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution 
By Mr. BOUSTANY: 
H.R. 3321. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
U.S. Const. art. I, Sec. 8, cl. 1. Within the 
Enumerated Powers of the U.S. Constitution, Congress is granted the power to lay and col-lect taxes. This provision grants Congress the authority over this particular piece of legislation. 
By Mr. BUTTERFIELD: 
H.R. 3322. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the 
Constitution, Congress has the power to col-lect taxes and expend funds to provide for the general welfare of the United States. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00177 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.048 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5772 July 29, 2015 
Congress may also make laws that are nec-
essary and proper for carrying into execution their powers enumerated under Article I. 
By Mr. CARTER of Georgia: 
H.R. 3323. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority in which this 
bill rests is the power of Congress to regulate commerce as enumerated in Article I, Sec-tion 8, Clause 3, as applied to healthcare. 
By Mr. CICILLINE: 
H.R. 3324. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States. 
By Mr. CICILLINE: 
H.R. 3325. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, section 8 
By Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: 
H.R. 3326. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution; and, Article I, Section 8, Clause 8 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. COLLINS of New York: 
H.R. 3327. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States 
By Mr. COLLINS of New York: 
H.R. 3328. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3. 
By Mr. CONAWAY: 
H.R. 3329. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 13: To provide and maintain a Navy. 
By Mr. COOPER: 
H.R. 3330. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 5, Clause 2 of the Con-
stitution of the United States. 
By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois: 
H.R. 3331. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States 
By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois: 
H.R. 3332. 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States 
By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois: 
H.R 3333. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States 
By Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois: 
H.R. 3334. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 of section 8 of article I of the Con-
stitution and clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois: 
H.R. 3335. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Title I, Section 8 
By Ms. D
EGETTE: 
H.R. 3336. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8 and Article IV, section 
3 of the Constitution of the United States. 
By Ms. D
ELAURO: 
H.R. 3337. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 and 3 
By Mr. DUFFY: 
H.R. 3338. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United 
States Constitution. 
By Mrs. ELLMERS of North Carolina: 
H.R. 3339. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Commerce Clause: Article I, Section 8, 
Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution gives Con-gress the power ‘‘to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ 
By Mr. EMMER of Minnesota: 
H.R. 3340. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Congress is empowered to regulate inter-
state commerce under Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution. 
By Ms. ESHOO: 
H.R. 3341. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 
By Mr. FLEMING: 
H.R. 3342. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority of Congress 
to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle 4, Section 3, Clause 2 of the U.S. Con-stitution, which states ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all need-ful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitu-tion shall be so construed as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State.’’ 
By Mr. FOSTER: 
H.R. 3343. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Con-stitution. 
By Ms. FRANKEL of Florida: 
H.R. 3344. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1, 3, and 7 of 
the United States Constitution, granting Congress the power to tax and spend, the power to regulate interstate commerce, and the power to establish Post roads, respec-tively. 
By Mr. GOSAR: 
H.R. 3345. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 (Spending 
Clause): ‘‘The Congress shall have the power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense . . .’’ The United States has incurred legal liability for which it has waived its sovereign immunity for illnesses and deaths associated with its Nuclear Weap-ons testing programs during the 1950s and 
1960s. 
This bill is grounded in scientific prin-
ciples, respresents an intent to apologize and offer compassionate compensation to an ex-panded list of individuals who were not in-cluded in the 1990 Act but who, nonetheless, deserve restitution. 
By Ms. GRAHAM: 
H.R. 3346. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution 
By Mr. AL GREEN of Texas: 
H.R. 3347. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Commerce Clause (Art. 1 Sec. 8 Cl. 3) Necessary and Proper Clause (Art. 1 Sec 8. 
Cl. 18) 
By Mr. AL GREEN of Texas: 
H.R. 3348. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Constitutional authority to enact this 
legislation can be found in: 
Commerce Clause (Art. 1 Sec. 8 Cl. 3) Necessary and Proper Clause (Art. 1 Sec 8. 
Cl. 18) 
By Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER: 
H.R. 3349. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3. 
By Mr. HIGGINS: 
H.R. 3350. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 and Article I, 
Section 8, Clause 18 
By Mr. HONDA: 
H.R. 3351. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-
stitution. 
By Mr. HULTGREN: 
H.R. 3352. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1, giving Con-
gress the authority to lay and collect taxes, as misinterpreted by the United States Su-preme Court in National Federation of Inde-pendent Business v. Sebelius, which resulted in dubious Court precedent. 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3, which gives 
Congress the authority to regulate com-merce among the states. 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18, which gives 
Congress the authority to make all laws that are necessary and proper for carrying out the powers given it by the Constitution. The au-thority in this bill is necessary and proper for states to regain control over their respec-tive health insurance markets and offer their residents real options at a reduced cost rel-ative to plans allowed by the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act. 
By Mr. HUNTER: 
H.R. 3353. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 
By Ms. JACKSON LEE: 
H.R. 3354. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. 
By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas: 
H.R. 3355. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8: The Congress shall have Power To lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00178 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.051 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5773 July 29, 2015 
to pay the Debts and provide for the common 
Defense and general Welfare of the United States. 
By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas: 
H.R. 3356. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8: The Congress shall have Power To lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States. 
By Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio: 
H.R. 3357. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to 
Article I, 
Section 8, Clause 1 of the U.S. Constitution 
By Mr. KEATING: 
H.R. 3358. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. KILMER: 
H.R. 3359. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States 
By Mr. KILMER: 
H.R. 3360. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution. 
By Mr. KING of New York: 
H.R. 3361. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18—To make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Ms. KUSTER: 
H.R. 3362. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution, the Taxing and Spend-ing Clause: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . .’’ 
By Mr. L
AMALFA: 
H.R. 3363. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United 
States Constitution. 
By Mr. LARSEN of Washington: 
H.R. 3364. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
As described in Article 1, Section 1 ‘‘all 
legislative powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives.’’ 
By Mr. LARSEN of Washington: 
H.R. 3365. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
As described in Article 1, Section 1 ‘‘all 
legislative powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives.’’ 
By Mrs. LAWRENCE: 
H.R. 3366. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Con-
stitution 
By Mr. LEWIS: 
H.R. 3367. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. 
By Mr. LEWIS: 
H.R. 3368. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. 
By Mr. LOEBSACK: 
H.R. 3369. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause I of the Con-
stitution which grants Congress the power to provide for the general Welfare of the United States. 
By Ms. LOFGREN: 
H.R. 3370. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 of the Con-
stitution. 
By Mr. LOUDERMILK: 
H.R. 3371. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2: The Con-
gress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations re-specting the Territory or other Property be-longing to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State. 
By Mrs. LOVE: 
H.R. 3372. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Con-
gress shall have Power To . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Mr. LOWENTHAL: 
H.R. 3373. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
All legislative Powers herein granted shall 
be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives 
Section 8 14: To make Rules for the Government and 
Regulation of the land and naval Forces; 
By Mr. LOWENTHAL: 
H.R. 3374. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
All legislative Powers herein granted shall 
be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives 
Section 8 14: To make Rules for the Government and 
Regulation of the land and naval Forces; 
By Mrs. LOWEY: 
H.R. 3375. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power . . . To reg-
ulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-
dian Tribes. 
By Mrs. LOWEY: 
H.R. 3376. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I 
By Mrs. LOWEY: 
H.R. 3377. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The General Welfare Clause of Article 1, 
Section 8, of the U.S. Constitution. 
By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of 
New York: 
H.R. 3378. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 To regulate 
commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes 
By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of 
New York: 
H.R. 3379. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. MARINO: 
H.R. 3380. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1—The Con-
gress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
Article 1, Section 9, Clause 3—To regulate 
Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
By Mr. M
CCAUL: 
H.R. 3381. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8. 
By Mr. M
CCLINTOCK: 
H.R. 3382. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 (the Prop-
erty Clause), which confers on Congress the power to make all needful Rules and Regula-tions respecting the property belonging to the United States. 
By Ms. MENG: 
H.R. 3383. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Ms. MENG: 
H.R. 3384. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 
By Mr. NOLAN: 
H.R. 3385. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution, specifically Clause 3. 
By Mr. NORCROSS: 
H.R. 3386. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 8 
By Ms. NORTON: 
H.R. 3387. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
section 1 of article I, and clause 18, section 
8 of article I of the Constitution. 
By Mr. NUGENT: 
H.R. 3388. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00179 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.055 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5774 July 29, 2015 
Article I, section 8 of the United States 
Constitution (clauses 1, 12, 13, 14, and 16), which grants Congress the power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; raise and support Armies; to provide and maintain a Navy; to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces; and to provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining the militia. 
By Mr. NUNES: 
H.R. 3389. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 18 of section 8 of Article I of the 
United States Constitution. 
By Mr. PASCRELL: 
H.R. 3390. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. PERRY: 
H.R. 3391. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution 
By Mr. PETERS: 
H.R. 3392. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the US Constitution 
By Mr. POSEY: 
H.R. 3393. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: ‘‘The Con-
gress shall have power . . . To regulate com-merce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ 
By Mr. POSEY: 
H.R. 3394. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Con-
stitution of the United States: To regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes; 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 9 of the Con-
stitution of the United States: To constitute tribunals inferior to the Supreme Court; 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 10 of the Con-
stitution of the United States: To define and punish Piracies and Felonies committed on the high Seas, and Offenses against the Law of Nations; 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-
stitution of the United States: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the forgoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof; 
Amendment V No person shall be . . . de-
prived of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law. 
By Mr. QUIGLEY: 
H.R. 3395. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Section 8 of article 1 of the Constitution 
Mr. RANGEL: 
H.R. 3396. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 
The Congress shall have Power * * * to 
provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States. 
By Mr. REED: 
H.R. 3397. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I and 
Amendment XVI of the United States Con-stitution By Mr. REICHERT: 
H.R. 3398. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to Article I 
Section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. RICHMOND: 
H.R. 3399. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is introduced pursuant to the 
powers granted to Congress under the Gen-eral Welfare Clause (Art. 1 Sec. 8 Cl. 1), the Commerce Clause (Art. 1 Sec. 8 Cl. 3), and the Necessary and Proper Clause (Art. 1 Sec. 8 Cl. 18). 
Further, this statement of constitutional 
authority is made for the sole purpose of compliance with clause 7 of Rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives and shall have no bearing on judicial review of the accompanying bill. 
By Mr. ROHRABACHER: 
H.R. 3400. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. ROONEY of Florida: 
H.R. 3401. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8: To make all laws 
which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof. 
By Mr. RUPPERSBERGER: 
H.R. 3402. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, §clause 3, the Commerce Clause. 
By Mr. SALMON: 
H.R. 3403. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, To make all laws 
which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof. 
By Mr. SALMON: 
H.R. 3404. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1—The Con-
gress shall have the Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; 
By Mr. SALMON: 
H.R. 3405. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 9, Clause 7—‘‘No money 
shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time.’’ 
By Mr. SENSENBRENNER: 
H.R. 3406. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 
By Mr. SENSENBRENNER: 
H.R. 3407. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution 
By Mr. SESSIONS: 
H.R. 3408. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
5th Amendment to the Constitution Sec. 1 and Sec. 5 of the 14th Amendment to 
the Constitution. 
By Mr. SMITH of Missouri: 
H.R. 3409. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to Article I, Section 8, which states ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes,’’ and Article I, Section 7, which states ‘‘All Bills for raising Revenue shall originate in the House of Representa-tives.’’ 
By Mr. SMITH of Washington: 
H.R. 3410. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV Section 3. ‘‘The Congress shall 
have Power to dispose of and make all need-ful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States . . .’’ 
By Ms. SPEIER: 
H.R. 3411. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
By Ms. SPEIER: 
H.R. 3412. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mr. STIVERS: 
H.R. 3413. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Con-
gress shall have power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof. 
By Mr. STIVERS: 
H.R. 3414. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States 
By Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi: 
H.R. 3415. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The U.S. Constitution including Article 1, 
Section 8. 
By Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi: 
H.R. 3416. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The U.S. Constitution including Article 1, 
Section 8. 
By Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi: 
H.R. 3417. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The U.S. Constitution including Article 1, 
Section 8. 
By Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi: 
H.R. 3418. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The U.S. Constitution including Article 1, 
Section 8. 
By Ms. TITUS: 
H.R. 3419. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
The bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Amendment XVI, of the United States Constitution 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00180 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.070 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5775 July 29, 2015 
By Mr. TONKO: 
H.R. 3420. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 1, All legislative Powers herein granted shall 
be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives. 
By Mr. WALKER: 
H.R. 3421. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of 
the United States 
By Mrs. WALORSKI: 
H.R. 3422. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
United States Constitution 
By Mr. WALZ: 
H.R. 3423. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is enacted pursuant to Section 8 
of Article I of the United States Constitu-tion. 
By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali-
fornia: 
H.R. 3424. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause I of the Con-
stitution of the United States 
By Mr. WEBER of Texas: 
H.R. 3425. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3. The Congress 
shall have the power to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes. Second Amendment of the U.S. Constitution. A well regulated militia, being necessary to the se-curity of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be in-fringed. 
By Mr. WELCH: 
H.R. 3426. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Con-
gress shall have Power To . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
By Ms. WILSON of Florida: 
H.R. 3427. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
This bill is introduced under the powers 
granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution. 
By Mr. WITTMAN: 
H.R. 3428. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-
stitution of the United States grants Con-gress the authority to enact this bill. 
By Mr. YODER: 
H.R. 3429. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 of section 8 or Article 1 of the 
Constitution states that Congress has the authority to ‘‘regulate Commerce with for-eign nations, and among the several states.’’ 
By Mr. YOUNG of Indiana: 
H.R. 3430. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 
By Mr. YOUNG of Indiana: 
H.R. 3431. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have the Power to lay 
and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Ex-cises, to pay the Debt and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
By Mr. YOUNG of Indiana: 
H.R. 3432. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 3 
By Mr. LARSON of Connecticut: 
H.J. Res. 62. Congress has the power to enact this legis-
lation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 8, Clause 11 
f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors 
were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 27: Mr. M ILLER of Florida. 
H.R. 69: Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Ms. 
KUSTER , Ms. L EE, Mr. R USH, Mrs. D INGELL , 
Ms. T ITUS, Ms. E STY, Ms. M OORE , Mr. 
JEFFRIES , Ms. H AHN, Ms. J UDY CHUof Cali-
fornia, Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. 
GRANGER , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. 
COHEN , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. S EAN 
PATRICK MALONEY of New York, and Mr. 
DONOVAN . 
H.R. 114: Mrs. H ARTZLER . 
H.R. 167: Mr. L OBIONDO and Mr. 
BUTTERFIELD . 
H.R. 169: Mr. T HORNBERRY and Mr. Y OHO. 
H.R. 217: Mr. K NIGHT and Mr. Y OUNG of 
Iowa. 
H.R. 232: Mr. B ENISHEK . 
H.R. 304: Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania and 
Mr. C ARSON of Indiana. 
H.R. 333: Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. E LLI-
SON, Mr. L YNCH , and Ms. W ILSON of Florida. 
H.R. 358: Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. 
HONDA , and Mr. W HITFIELD . 
H.R. 381: Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 414: Mr. L UCAS , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. 
PEARCE , Mr. W ESTMORELAND , Mr. S TUTZMAN , 
and Mr. F INCHER . 
H.R. 483: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . 
H.R. 523: Mr. C ASTRO of Texas. 
H.R. 539: Ms. M OORE , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. 
BILIRAKIS , and Mr. G RIFFITH . 
H.R. 546: Mr. G OWDY and Mr. C LYBURN . 
H.R. 556: Mr. A GUILAR . 
H.R. 592: Mr. K ATKO , Mr. C OURTNEY , and 
Mr. C ASTRO of Texas. 
H.R. 624: Mr. A LGREEN of Texas. 
H.R. 625: Mr. L ANGEVIN . 
H.R. 662: Mr. R EEDand Mr. B RAT. 
H.R. 664: Mr. R IBBLE . 
H.R. 676: Mr. C LAY. 
H.R. 699: Mrs. D INGELL . 
H.R. 702: Mr. B OSTand Mr. T HORNBERRY . 
H.R. 711: Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. 
GARAMENDI , Mr. S MITH of Texas, and Mr. 
JOHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 721: Ms. P INGREE , Mr. H UNTER , and 
Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 727: Mr. P ASCRELL . 
H.R. 759: Ms. D UCKWORTH . 
H.R. 766: Mr. H ULTGREN and Mr. P EARCE . 
H.R. 771: Mr. P OMPEO . 
H.R. 775: Mr. M ESSER , Mr. A GUILAR , and 
Ms. D ELAURO . 
H.R. 785: Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia. 
H.R. 814: Mr. L OBIONDO . 
H.R. 816: Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. B ILIRAKIS , 
Mr. P ALMER , Mr. K NIGHT , and Mr. A DERHOLT . 
H.R. 822: Mr. M ESSER and Mr. R EED. 
H.R. 828: Mr. R EICHERT and Mr. H IMES. 
H.R. 831: Mr. N EAL. H.R. 836: Mr. K ATKO and Mr. L UETKEMEYER . 
H.R. 842: Mr. S MITH of Washington and 
Miss R ICEof New York. 
H.R. 846: Mr. C ASTRO of Texas. 
H.R. 863: Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia and 
Mr. S MITH of Missouri. 
H.R. 879: Mr. G IBBS, Mr. Y OHO, and Mr. 
LUETKEMEYER . 
H.R. 885: Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. D EGETTE , and 
Mr. H ULTGREN . 
H.R. 908: Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. D ESAULNIER , 
Mr. G ARAMENDI , Ms. L EE, and Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 918: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas and Mr. 
MARCHANT . 
H.R. 921: Mr. R OSKAM , Ms. J ENKINS of Kan-
sas, Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, and Mr. A US-
TINSCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 928: Mr. C ALVERT . 
H.R. 932: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK . 
H.R. 969: Mr. B OSTand Mr. P ASCRELL . 
H.R. 985: Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. D OLD, Mr. S HU-
STER , and Mr. R EED. 
H.R. 990: Ms. D UCKWORTH . 
H.R. 994: Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 1002: Mr. B ARLETTA and Mr. Q UIGLEY . 
H.R. 1034: Mr. M ILLER of Florida. 
H.R. 1061: Mr. M CGOVERN and Mr. S EAN 
PATRICK MALONEY of New York. 
H.R. 1062: Mr. G OODLATTE . 
H.R. 1073: Mr. K INGof Iowa. 
H.R. 1086: Mr. G OODLATTE . 
H.R. 1096: Mr. R IBBLE . 
H.R. 1100: Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. 
WOMACK , and Ms. W ILSON of Florida. 
H.R. 1101: Mr. P ETERS , Ms. E STY, Mr. B EN 
RAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, and Ms. M ICHELLE  
LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. 
H.R. 1114: Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee. 
H.R. 1132: Mr. K NIGHT . 
H.R. 1150: Ms. B ROWNLEY of California. 
H.R. 1197: Mr. A GUILAR and Mr. R EED. 
H.R. 1209: Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia and Mr. 
PETERS . 
H.R. 1211: Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. 
BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, and Ms. 
ESHOO . 
H.R. 1215: Mr. M ULVANEY . 
H.R. 1220: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Ms. J EN-
KINS of Kansas, and Mr. W EBER of Texas. 
H.R. 1222: Ms. S TEFANIK . 
H.R. 1233: Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. B OST, Ms. 
GRANGER , Mr. S ESSIONS , and Mr. A USTIN  
SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 1247: Mr. Z INKE. 
H.R. 1258: Ms. C ASTOR of Florida. 
H.R. 1266: Mr. W ESTERMAN . 
H.R. 1270: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 1282: Ms. M CSALLY . 
H.R. 1287: Mr. B RAT. 
H.R. 1288: Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. 
LIPINSKI , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. G RAVES of Mis-
souri, Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. 
SHIMKUS , Ms. K APTUR , and Mr. A LGREEN of 
Texas. 
H.R. 1309: Mr. R OTHFUS and Mr. S MITH of 
Missouri. 
H.R. 1312: Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia. 
H.R. 1342: Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mr. G UINTA , 
Mr. G IBBS, Mr. G RIFFITH , and Mr. C ICILLINE . 
H.R. 1343: Mr. M ESSER . 
H.R. 1356: Mr. A MODEI , Mr. M URPHY of Flor-
ida, Mr. C RENSHAW , Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, 
Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. E LLI-
SON, Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. K ING 
of New York, Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. P RICE of 
North Carolina, Mr. T EDLIEUof California, 
Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. C ALVERT , and Ms. 
STEFANIK . 
H.R. 1369: Mr. M ESSER . 
H.R. 1384: Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. 
MCKINLEY , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. K INGof New 
York, Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. 
MULVANEY , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. 
WOMACK , and Ms. S TEFANIK . 
H.R. 1399: Ms. S INEMA . 
H.R. 1422: Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska. 
H.R. 1424: Mr. J OYCE and Mr. B RENDAN F. 
BOYLE of Pennsylvania. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00181 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.073 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5776 July 29, 2015 
H.R. 1427: Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. F ARR, Ms. 
JUDYCHUof California, Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali-
fornia, Ms. E STY, Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. 
AGUILAR , and Mr. R UIZ. 
H.R. 1434: Mr. R ICHMOND and Ms. F RANKEL  
of Florida. 
H.R. 1460: Mr. A GUILAR . 
H.R. 1462: Ms. E STYand Mr. M ESSER . 
H.R. 1475: Mr. M ESSER , Mr. R EED, and Mr. 
MACARTHUR . 
H.R. 1482: Mr. T AKANO . 
H.R. 1492: Ms. B ONAMICI , Ms. C LARK of Mas-
sachusetts, and Ms. E SHOO . 
H.R. 1523: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 1534: Ms. B ONAMICI . 
H.R. 1549: Mr. C OLLINS of New York and Mr. 
KATKO . 
H.R. 1559: Mr. L ONG, Mr. A GUILAR , Mrs. 
KIRKPATRICK , Mr. C LAY, Mr. V ARGAS , and Mr. 
CASTRO of Texas. 
H.R. 1567: Mr. B OST, Ms. A DAMS , Mr. 
DELANEY , Mrs. W AGNER , and Mr. L EWIS. 
H.R. 1571: Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. S MITH of Wash-
ington, Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEY of New 
York, and Mr. T HOMPSON of California. 
H.R. 1581: Ms. S TEFANIK . 
H.R. 1594: Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. 
MCKINLEY , Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. T EDLIEUof 
California, Mr. W OMACK , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. 
REED, Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. P RICE of North Caro-
lina, Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. P ITTENGER , Ms. W IL-
SONof Florida, Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, 
and Ms. S TEFANIK . 
H.R. 1595: Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN . 
H.R. 1603: Ms. S TEFANIK . 
H.R. 1608: Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 1610: Mr. P EARCE , Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. 
FORBES , and Mr. C URBELO of Florida. 
H.R. 1622: Mr. V ANHOLLEN . 
H.R. 1624: Mr. F LEMING , Ms. C LARKE of New 
York, Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. V ELA, Mr. G IBSON , Mr. 
POSEY , and Mr. W EBER of Texas. 
H.R. 1627: Mr. R OSKAM . 
H.R. 1635: Ms. P INGREE . 
H.R. 1653: Mr. A SHFORD and Ms. M ATSUI . 
H.R. 1670: Mr. G ARRETT . 
H.R. 1684: Mr. K ATKO . 
H.R. 1716: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 1718: Mr. M ESSER and Mr. H UDSON . 
H.R. 1721: Ms. B ONAMICI . 
H.R. 1722: Mr. L ANGEVIN . 
H.R. 1728: Mr. N ORCROSS . 
H.R. 1736: Mr. M ESSER . 
H.R. 1748: Ms. D ELBENE. 
H.R. 1752: Mr. R OSS, Mr. F LEMING , and Mr. 
BILIRAKIS . 
H.R. 1763: Mr. L ARSEN of Washington. 
H.R. 1784: Mr. K IND. 
H.R. 1786: Ms. E SHOO , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´N 
of New Mexico, Mr. B ARLETTA , Ms. M ICHELLE  
LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, and Mr. 
MCKINLEY . 
H.R. 1801: Mr. M EEKS . 
H.R. 1814: Mr. V ELA, Mr. V ARGAS , and Ms. 
ROYBAL -ALLARD . 
H.R. 1818: Mr. N UGENT and Ms. S TEFANIK . 
H.R. 1854: Mr. N ORCROSS . 
H.R. 1859: Mr. M ARCHANT and Mr. P OMPEO . 
H.R. 1877: Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 1886: Mrs. W ALORSKI . 
H.R. 1901: Mr. B RAT, Mr. S CHWEIKERT , and 
Mr. R ATCLIFFE . 
H.R. 1920: Mr. W EBER of Texas and Mr. 
TROTT . 
H.R. 1934: Mr. G RIFFITH . 
H.R. 1941: Mr. H ULTGREN . 
H.R. 1948: Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts. 
H.R. 1969: Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. E LLI-
SON, Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. C OHEN , Mrs. 
LOWEY , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. P OCAN , 
Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mex-
ico, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. P ETERS , and 
Mr. R UIZ. 
H.R. 2017: Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. 
WESTMORELAND , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. H AR-
RIS, Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. G IBBS, and Mr. 
CUELLAR . 
H.R. 2043: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. R OD-
NEYDAVIS of Illinois, Mr. J OYCE , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. T IPTON , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, and Mr. 
BOUSTANY . 
H.R. 2050: Ms. M AXINE WATERS of California 
and Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 2061: Mr. T HOMPSON of California and 
Mr. R ICHMOND . 
H.R. 2065: Mr. K ATKO , Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. 
TONKO , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. R ANGEL , 
and Mr. P AYNE . 
H.R. 2072: Mr. M CDERMOTT . 
H.R. 2076: Mr. M CDERMOTT . 
H.R. 2083: Mr. C ICILLINE . 
H.R. 2096: Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 2101: Ms. D ELAURO . 
H.R. 2121: Ms. M OORE , Mr. R IGELL , Mr. 
CLEAVER , Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEY of New 
York, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. 
MEEKS , Mrs. L OVE, Mr. P OLIS, and Mr. 
FINCHER . 
H.R. 2123: Mr. C OHEN , Mr. R OTHFUS , and Mr. 
GRAVES of Georgia. 
H.R. 2124: Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. A GUILAR , and 
Mr. R ICHMOND . 
H.R. 2142: Mr. T URNER and Mr. B ABIN. 
H.R. 2147: Ms. E DWARDS . 
H.R. 2156: Mr. M ESSER . 
H.R. 2170: Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas. 
H.R. 2193: Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 2197: Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. 
YOHO, Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. 
SCHIFF , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, 
Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. H UFFMAN , 
Mr. F OSTER and Ms. P INGREE . 
H.R. 2205: Mrs. L UMMIS . 
H.R. 2208: Ms. P INGREE . 
H.R. 2229: Mr. C APUANO , Mr. E MMER of Min-
nesota, and Mr. P ASCRELL . 
H.R. 2233: Mr. B ABIN. 
H.R. 2247: Mr. G OODLATTE . 
H.R. 2292: Mrs. B USTOS . 
H.R. 2293: Mr. B EYER , Mr. L ANCE , Ms. 
MCCOLLUM , Mr. J OYCE , Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. 
POLIS, Mr. U PTON , Mr. B RADY of Pennsyl-
vania, Ms. L EE, Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. C UMMINGS , 
Mr. K INGof New York, and Ms. H ERRERA  
BEUTLER . 
H.R. 2300: Mr. C RENSHAW . 
H.R. 2304: Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mr. S MITH 
of Texas, Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Ms. 
LOFGREN , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. 
HAHN, Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, 
Ms. S PEIER , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. T HOMPSON of 
California, Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. F ARR, Mr. 
NOLAN , Mr. I SRAEL , and Mr. C ROWLEY . 
H.R. 2315: Mr. S COTT of Virginia and Mr. 
DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 2320: Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia and 
Mr. W OODALL . 
H.R. 2369: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas. 
H.R. 2400: Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. B ARLETTA , 
Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. 
KINGof New York, Mr. L UCAS , Mr. M OONEY of 
West Virginia, Mr. S ESSIONS , Ms. S TEFANIK , 
Mr. W OODALL , Mr. C RENSHAW , Mr. F ORBES , 
Mr. G UINTA , Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. N EWHOUSE , 
Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. W EBER of Texas, and Mr. 
YOUNG of Alaska. 
H.R. 2403: Mr. P ITTS, Mr. L ANCE , and Mrs. 
ROBY. 
H.R. 2404: Mr. H INOJOSA and Mr. V ELA. 
H.R. 2405: Mr. M ARCHANT . 
H.R. 2410: Mr. M EEKS and Mr. P IERLUISI . 
H.R. 2434: Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of 
New York. 
H.R. 2449: Mr. A GUILAR . 
H.R. 2460: Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina 
and Mr. S TEWART . 
H.R. 2461: Ms. P INGREE and Ms. J ENKINS of 
Kansas. 
H.R. 2463: Mrs. B LACK , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , 
and Mr. S TIVERS . 
H.R. 2473: Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. 
JONES , Mrs. T ORRES , and Mr. Q UIGLEY . 
H.R. 2493: Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 2513: Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina. 
H.R. 2519: Mr. M EADOWS . 
H.R. 2521: Ms. A DAMS , Ms. B ASS, Mrs. 
BEATTY , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. C ARSON of In-
diana, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. C LAY, 
Mr. C LYBURN , Ms. F UDGE , Ms. K ELLY of Illi-
nois, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. M EEKS , and Mrs. 
WATSON COLEMAN . 
H.R. 2536: Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts. 
H.R. 2540: Mr. G RIFFITH . 
H.R. 2553: Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. J OLLY , 
Mr. K ILMER , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, and Mr. 
HECKof Washington. 
H.R. 2568: Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina 
and Mrs. B LACK . 
H.R. 2588: Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia. 
H.R. 2602: Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. K ILMER , 
Mr. E LLISON , Mr. N ADLER , Ms. D ELAURO , and 
Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 2607: Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. 
ZELDIN , and Ms. S TEFANIK . 
H.R. 2609: Mr. C ONAWAY . 
H.R. 2624: Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. 
NORTON and Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 2643: Mr. K ILMER , and Mr. S IMPSON . 
H.R. 2646: Mr. M ESSER , Mr. T URNER , Mr. 
BOUSTANY , Mrs. N OEM, Mrs. L UMMIS , Mrs. 
HARTZLER , Mr. M ICA, Mr. C OLE, Mr. L UCAS , 
Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois, Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. 
STIVERS , Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Mr. 
ROTHFUS , and Mrs. W ALORSKI . 
H.R. 2653: Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. A MODEI , Mr. 
GOODLATTE , Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. L UETKE -
MEYER , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. M OONEY  
of West Virginia, Mr. G RAVES of Georgia, and 
Mr. C RENSHAW . 
H.R. 2654: Mr. D ELANEY , Miss R ICEof New 
York, and Ms. D UCKWORTH . 
H.R. 2664: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 2680: Mr. E LLISON . 
H.R. 2689: Ms. M AXINE WATERS of California 
and Mr. K NIGHT . 
H.R. 2698: Mr. V ALADAO and Mr. M ARCHANT . 
H.R. 2704: Mr. B LUMENAUER . 
H.R. 2711: Mr. R OSKAM . 
H.R. 2713: Mr. C ICILLINE . 
H.R. 2716: Mr. R ATCLIFFE . 
H.R. 2719: Mr. B ENISHEK . 
H.R. 2726: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 2728: Mr. S WALWELL of California and 
Mr. W ALZ. 
H.R. 2737: Ms. D UCKWORTH . 
H.R. 2742: Mr. R UIZ. 
H.R. 2744: Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER and Mrs. 
DAVIS of California. 
H.R. 2751: Mr. R UIZ. 
H.R. 2752: Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN and Mr. K IL-
MER. 
H.R. 2754: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 2759: Mr. B LUMENAUER and Mr. S CHIFF . 
H.R. 2775: Mr. R EEDand Mr. A GUILAR . 
H.R. 2799: Mr. K ATKO , Mr. N UGENT , and Mr. 
BILIRAKIS . 
H.R. 2805: Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of 
New York, Ms. E STY, Mr. M CGOVERN , and Mr. 
STIVERS . 
H.R. 2812: Mr. C RAMER . 
H.R. 2824: Ms. C ASTOR of Florida. 
H.R. 2849: Ms. M CSALLY . 
H.R. 2852: Mr. S CALISE . 
H.R. 2855: Ms. P INGREE . 
H.R. 2858: Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Mr. 
VANHOLLEN , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. 
PRICE of North Carolina, Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. 
CAPUANO , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
SCHIFF , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas, Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. R AN-
GEL, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. T ITUS, 
Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, 
Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, 
Ms. S PEIER , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. H IMES, Ms. 
DELBENE, Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. 
FARR, Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. W ELCH , Mrs. L OWEY , 
Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. P LASKETT , Ms. 
ESTY, Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. V IS-
CLOSKY , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. H ONDA , 
Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Ms. 
GABBARD , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. B RENDAN F. 
BOYLE of Pennsylvania, and Mr. P ETERS . 
H.R. 2867: Mr. A GUILAR and Mr. O’R OURKE . 
H.R. 2872: Mr. C HABOT . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00182 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.060 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5777 July 29, 2015 
H.R. 2876: Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska. 
H.R. 2893: Mr. R ENACCI . 
H.R. 2894: Mr. T HOMPSON of California. 
H.R. 2895: Mr. W ALDEN . 
H.R. 2902: Ms. L OFGREN and Mr. C ICILLINE . 
H.R. 2903: Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mr. A DERHOLT , 
Mr. R EICHERT , Mr. R EED, Ms. E STY, Ms. P IN-
GREE , Mr. H UNTER , Mr. C ONAWAY , Ms. N OR-
TON, Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. 
GRAVES of Missouri, Mr. M CKINLEY and Mr. 
LOBIONDO . 
H.R. 2905: Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. W ENSTRUP , 
Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. M CKIN-
LEY, Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina and Mr. 
MOONEY of West Virginia. 
H.R. 2911: Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of Cali-
fornia, Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. S CHRA -
DER, Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. 
RENACCI , Mr. L ATTA , and Ms. S INEMA . 
H.R. 2912: Mr. B RAT. 
H.R. 2915: Mr. K ILMER and Ms. G RANGER . 
H.R. 2920: Mr. S CHIFF , Ms. E STYand Mr. 
TAKANO . 
H.R. 2932: Mr. T AKANO . 
H.R. 2933: Mr. N OLAN and Ms. D ELBENE. 
H.R. 2940: Mr. B ENISHEK and Mr. B OST. 
H.R. 2942: Mr. M ESSER . 
H.R. 2944: Mr. J ONES and Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 2946: Mr. C HABOT . 
H.R. 2948: Mr. Z INKE, Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , 
and Mr. P ALAZZO . 
H.R. 2949: Mr. G OODLATTE . 
H.R. 2958: Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-
ico. 
H.R. 2962: Mr. A GUILAR , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. 
MCNERNEY , and Mr. V EASEY . 
H.R. 2978: Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 2979: Mr. A GUILAR . 
H.R. 2987: Mr. R OSS, Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. 
PITTENGER , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. 
MURPHY of Florida, and Mr. R OTHFUS . 
H.R. 2991: Mr. W EBSTER of Florida. 
H.R. 2994: Miss R ICEof New York. 
H.R. 2998: Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee. 
H.R. 2999: Ms. E STY. 
H.R. 3007: Mr. C OHEN , Ms. J UDYCHUof Cali-
fornia, Mr. V EASEY , and Mr. S WALWELL of 
California. 
H.R. 3011: Mr. B OUSTANY . 
H.R. 3017: Mr. C HABOT . 
H.R. 3025: Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. 
VALADAO , and Mr. R OYCE . 
H.R. 3026: Mrs. T ORRES . 
H.R. 3029: Mr. P OCAN , Mr. C OHEN , and Miss 
RICEof New York. 
H.R. 3033: Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Ms. E DWARDS , 
and Mr. W ESTERMAN . 
H.R. 3037: Mr. F ORTENBERRY , Mr. R OGERS of 
Kentucky, Mrs. W ALORSKI , and Mr. G RIFFITH . 
H.R. 3041: Mr. S ARBANES . 
H.R. 3044: Miss R ICEof New York. 
H.R. 3051: Mr. P OCAN , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. 
SCHIFF , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. E NGEL , 
Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. S MITH of Washington, 
Ms. E STY, and Mr. S ERRANO . 
H.R. 3054: Mr. M CDERMOTT . 
H.R. 3065: Ms. N ORTON and Mr. V ANHOL-
LEN. 
H.R. 3067: Mr. G RIJALVA and Ms. T SONGAS . 
H.R. 3080: Mr. C OLE. 
H.R. 3094: Mr. T OMPRICE of Georgia. H.R. 3095: Ms. D UCKWORTH . 
H.R. 3096: Mr. N EAL. 
H.R. 3107: Mr. R OGERS of Alabama. 
H.R. 3114: Mrs. D INGELL . 
H.R. 3115: Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. B OUSTANY , 
Mr. O LSON , and Mr. N EWHOUSE . 
H.R. 3118: Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. F RANKS of 
Arizona, Mr. J ODY B. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. 
BUCK, Mr. G IBBS, Mr. B YRNE , and Mr. 
CHABOT . 
H.R. 3119: Mr. R IBBLE . 
H.R. 3126: Mr. M ESSER and Mr. O LSON . 
H.R. 3129: Mr. F ORTENBERRY . 
H.R. 3134: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. 
TURNER , Mr. H ARDY , Mr. S ANFORD , Ms. R OS- 
LEHTINEN , Mr. B URGESS , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. 
WOMACK , Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. 
MCCAUL, Mr. T ROTT , and Mr. V ALADAO . 
H.R. 3136: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia and 
Mr. S ERRANO . 
H.R. 3137: Mr. C ALVERT and Ms. K USTER . 
H.R. 3138: Mr. B ARTON . 
H.R. 3139: Mr. R ATCLIFFE . 
H.R. 3142: Ms. T SONGAS . 
H.R. 3150: Ms. E STY, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, 
Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. N ADLER , Ms. 
PINGREE , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. 
VANHOLLEN , Mrs. T ORRES , Mrs. L AWRENCE , 
Mr. T ONKO , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. 
HONDA , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. 
SERRANO , Mrs. B USTOS , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , 
Mr. C LAY, Mr. M EEKS , and Mr. T AKAI. 
H.R. 3151: Mr. B ABIN and Mr. B RAT. 
H.R. 3160: Mr. C OHEN , Mr. M CGOVERN , and 
Ms. B ROWNLEY of California. 
H.R. 3161: Mr. W OMACK . 
H.R. 3166: Mr. S ALMON . 
H.R. 3167: Mr. B UCK, Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mrs. 
LOVE, Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. 
WALKER , Mr. J ONES , Mr. M ULVANEY , and Ms. 
MCSALLY . 
H.R. 3171: Mr. P OLIQUIN . 
H.R. 3178: Mr. R OEof Tennessee. 
H.R. 3179: Mr. R OEof Tennessee and Mr. 
ROKITA . 
H.R. 3180: Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. R OD-
NEYDAVIS of Illinois, Mr. C OSTELLO of Penn-
sylvania, Mr. M ACARTHUR , and Ms. S INEMA . 
H.R. 3187: Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 3189: Mr. R OTHFUS and Mr. H ULTGREN . 
H.R. 3197: Mr. G OWDY , Mr. B ARR, and Mr. 
ROKITA . 
H.R. 3199: Mr. C ARTER of Georgia. 
H.R. 3202: Mr. P IERLUISI . 
H.R. 3209: Mr. T IBERI and Mr. J OHNSON of 
Ohio. 
H.R. 3213: Mr. C HABOT . 
H.R. 3215: Mr. P ITTS, Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. 
GOWDY , Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. S AMJOHNSON of 
Texas, Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. 
STEWART , Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. J ONES , and Mr. 
CHABOT . 
H.R. 3216: Mr. G OODLATTE . 
H.R. 3221: Mr. P ETERS , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. 
RANGEL , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mrs. W ATSON COLE-
MAN, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. E DWARDS , Ms. 
PLASKETT , Mr. H ECKof Washington, Mr. L AR-
SENof Washington, Mr. E LLISON , Mr. C APU-
ANO, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. C LAY, Ms. B ONAMICI , 
and Ms. M OORE . 
H.R. 3222: Mr. G UTHRIE and Mr. W ITTMAN . H.R. 3231: Ms. N ORTON . 
H.R. 3232: Ms. N ORTON . 
H.R. 3233: Ms. N ORTON . 
H.R. 3245: Mr. F ORTENBERRY , Mr. H ARRIS , 
Mr. B ARTON , Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. B URGESS , 
Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. Y OHO, Mr. 
DUNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. M ULVANEY , 
Mr. G OWDY , Mr. S ALMON , Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. 
FRANKS of Arizona, Mr. R ICEof South Caro-
lina, Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. K INGof 
Iowa, and Mr. R OUZER . 
H.R. 3248: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 3268: Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER , Mr. 
THOMPSON of California, Ms. R OYBAL - 
ALLARD , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. S MITH of Wash-
ington, and Mr. J EFFRIES . 
H.J. Res. 45: Mr. K INGof Iowa. 
H.J. Res. 51: Ms. J ACKSON LEE. 
H.J. Res. 54: Mr. P OLIS. 
H.J. Res. 59: Mr. P ETERS on. 
H. Con. Res. 17: Mr. C URBELO of Florida. 
H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. W EST-
MORELAND , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. 
MARCHANT , Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. 
LEWIS, and Mr. R OTHFUS . 
H. Con. Res. 40: Ms. H AHN. 
H. Con. Res. 50: Mr. I SRAEL and Mr. N EUGE -
BAUER . 
H. Con. Res. 62: Mr. W ILSON of South Caro-
lina and Mr. G OODLATTE . 
H. Con. Res. 63: Mr. J ONES . 
H. Con. Res. 66: Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. C OS-
TELLO of Pennsylvania, Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. 
CARSON of Indiana, Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. 
TAKANO , Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, 
Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. L ARSON of Con-
necticut, Mr. Z INKE, Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, 
Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. L EVIN, Mr. 
DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. J OHNSON of 
Ohio, Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. K ILMER , Mr. 
DELANEY , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. P ASCRELL , Ms. 
CLARKE of New York, Mr. M CGOVERN , Mrs. 
TORRES , Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. 
PETERS , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mrs. D INGELL , 
Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. C ONNOLLY , 
Mr. T EDLIEUof California, and Mr. C OLLINS  
of New York. 
H. Res. 12: Mr. R UPPERSBERGER . 
H. Res. 15: Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H. Res. 28: Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ and 
Ms. D UCKWORTH . 
H. Res. 54: Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . 
H. Res. 130: Mr. P ETERS and Ms. P LASKETT . 
H. Res. 210: Ms. M CCOLLUM , Ms. E STY, and 
Mr. M OULTON . 
H. Res. 230: Mr. B ENISHEK , Ms. F RANKEL of 
Florida, and Ms. B ROWN of Florida. 
H. Res. 294: Mr. K IND. 
H. Res. 327: Mr. A GUILAR . 
H. Res. 354: Mr. D ESANTIS and Mrs. 
WALORSKI . 
H. Res. 364: Mr. S WALWELL of California 
and Ms. B ONAMICI . 
H. Res. 367: Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. L UCAS , Mr. 
MEEHAN , Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. N EWHOUSE , and 
Mr. W ITTMAN . 
H. Res. 382: Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. 
COHEN , Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. 
MEEKS , and Mr. R ICHMOND . 
H. Res. 385: Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. J ONES , and Mr. 
YOHO. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:02 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00183 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY7.065 H29JYPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6089 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, JULY 29, 2015 No. 121 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Active and intervening God, we trust 
in You. Nothing can stop Your plan and Your purposes will prevail. Bless our lawmakers. Guide them on the right path so that they will be instruments of Your peace. Use them as salt and light to strengthen our Nation and world. Forgive them when they forget that You are still on Your throne and that the hearts of humanity are in Your hands. Help them to remember that Your power is far above any con-ceivable command, authority or con-trol. 
Lord, as our lawmakers strive to con-
tribute to building a better world, bless those who support them in their work. Help us all to trust You without waver-ing. 
We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
PAUL). The majority leader is recog-
nized. 
f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE CAL-
ENDAR—S. 1881 AND H.J. RES. 61 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
understand there is a bill and a joint resolution due for a second reading. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will read the measures by title for the second time. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1881) to prohibit Federal funding 
of Planned Parenthood Federation of Amer-ica. 
A joint resolution (H.J. Res. 61) amending 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. In order to place 
the measures on the calendar under the provisions of rule XIV, I object to fur-ther proceedings en bloc. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion having been heard, the measures will be placed on the calendar. 
f 
THE HIGHWAY BILL 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, late 
nights, vigorous legislating, and some-times unpredictable outcomes may make some reach for the aspirin, but these are the hallmarks of a func-tioning Congress. 
The push-and-pull between different 
parties, different Members, and dif-ferent Chambers is all part of the democratic rhythm. That is especially true when you are talking about a measure as complicated and con-sequential as a multiyear highway bill. 
I am pleased to see Republicans and 
Democrats continuing to hold together to pass the Senate’s bipartisan high-way legislation. We are on the verge of scoring another important victory for the American people. 
Once the Senate completes its work 
on the bill, the House of Representa-tives will begin its work on a multiyear measure as well. A multiyear bill is now our joint goal. That is important for our country. We know it represents the best way to pro-vide State and local governments with the kind of certainty they need to 
focus on longer term road and bridge projects. 
Here is how Kentucky’s main trans-
portation advocacy group, Kentuckians for Better Transportation, put it: A 
longer term bill would ‘‘provide an op-portunity to plan for and implement projects that are important to Ken-tucky’s citizens and Kentucky’s econ-omy—and to every other state in the nation.’’ 
We will conference the legislation we 
pass with what the House passes and then send a unified bill to President Obama. In the meantime, we will work with our friends in the House to pass a measure that will give them the space they need to develop a multiyear high-way bill. It is also a measure that would deliver some important relief to our veterans by covering unfunded re-quirements the administration failed to budget for. It would also extend a helping hand to heroes who need it. 
I can’t see a reason any Senator 
would vote against it. We will take up that bill once the House sends it to us. We will continue working in the in-terim to finish our own bipartisan, multiyear highway bill—a bill that is fiscally responsible and will not raise taxes by a penny. 
f 
PLANNED PARENTHOOD 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, on 
an entirely different matter, the ongo-ing revelations about Planned Parent-hood are more than just disturbing. They literally shock the conscience. A Democratic colleague called them ‘‘very troubling,’’ ‘‘extremely trou-bling,’’ and ‘‘highly troubling.’’ 
Next week, every Member of his 
party will have a chance to join us in reaffirming the Senate’s commitment to genuine compassion and to women’s health. We introduced legislation last night that would ensure taxpayer dol-lars for women’s health are spent on women’s health, not a scandal-plagued political lobbying giant. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY6.000 S29JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6090 July 29, 2015 
It is a simple choice: Senators can ei-
ther vote to protect women’s health or they can vote to protect subsidies for a political group mired in scandal. 
I know Planned Parenthood’s en-
trenched lobbyists have been close al-lies of Democrats in recent years, but this moment calls for Senators to rise higher and to think bigger. 
Let’s not filibuster women’s health 
in order to protect special subsidies for one scandal-plagued political organiza-tion. Why don’t we join together in-stead to bring something positive to the American people from a terrible situation. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
WOMEN’S HEALTH 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, the Repub-
lican legislation to attack women’s health is disguised as a way to help women. We have to look long and hard to find those people who are being taken care of across the country today because of programs that allow them to go to someone who knows what they are talking about when they are con-cerned about their fertility, they are concerned about birth control, and a myriad of other problems that happen as women go through life. 
The Republican bill pretends to be 
for women’s health, but it would pro-hibit Federal funds to go to an organi-zation that is the health care backbone for American women during their lives. In fact, it is the only health care that a significant number of women get. For about 30 percent of women, that is their health care. You can disguise this by giving fancy titles to the legislation any way you want. This is an attack on women’s health. 
It is stunning to me that the 16 peo-
ple who are running for President are out there going after immigration. They are going after not only immigra-tion generally but specifically. These young men and women who came to America—and the face of this picture in Nevada is a woman by the name of Astrid Silva, who came here as a little girl with her mother in a boat across the Rio Grande River with her little doll and her rosary beads that she didn’t understand—a little, little girl. She knew no other country. What do the Republicans want to do? They want to deport Astrid Silva, a woman who fi-nally because of the courageous action of President Obama—because Repub-licans refused do anything on immigra-tion—was allowed to get her driver’s li-cense, to fly in an airplane for the first time, to be able to go to the airport without fear of being arrested, and they want to do away with that. But that is not enough. 
Most of them want to privatize So-
cial Security; they want to change it in some significant way. It is led by one President’s son, one President’s broth-
er who basically said we have to change Medicare, as he was speaking to the Koch brothers. 
We are working, trying to get the Ex- 
Im Bank that affects the lives of 165,000 working Americans. Most of the Re-publicans want to get rid of that. Now the program is out of sync. It has ex-pired. 
The environment. Don’t worry about 
it; it is fine. The icecaps are melting in the Arctic. Don’t worry about it. We have the worst fires in the history of Alaska because of climate change. Don’t worry about it; it is only 5 mil-lion acres that burned this summer so far. The droughts are affecting all of America but especially the West. It is so bad in the West that in the Sierras there are bears that don’t even hiber-nate anymore. It is not cold enough. In New Hampshire, moose are dying. About one-third of them are dead be-cause of fleas and ticks. Why? Because it is not cold enough to kill them any-more. These little pests are ravaging these huge animals. 
I could go on, but I am going to stop, 
other than to say, in addition to all of that, now they are after women’s health. 
I hope they understand the pretty 
posters and the fancy words—no mat-ter how you package it—are an attack on women. Indirectly, it is an attack on my daughter, my wife, and my grandchildren directly. I should say my granddaughters directly. I have a few of them. 
f 
APPROPRIATIONS 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, the Con-
stitution is very clear. It says the Gov-ernment cannot spend a penny without an appropriations law—a law dealing with appropriations. 
I am so fortunate, when I came to the 
Senate, I became a member of the Ap-propriations Committee. I loved work-ing on the Appropriations Committee. Under John Stennis from Mississippi, Robert Byrd from West Virginia, and Dan Inouye from Hawaii, it was a won-derful process. 
I have this job. I got off the com-
mittee, which was very hard for me to do because I loved that committee. We worked very hard every year to fund every one of those 12 appropriations bills. We did it because we were legisla-tors. We compromised. We worked to-gether to fund this government, but all of that is gone. 
Republicans do not work with us on 
appropriations bills. We don’t do them anymore. This season of Republicanism is more than I can hardly understand. I certainly don’t appreciate it. No job is more important in the Constitution than exercising the power of the purse. That is our responsibility, but that has been taken away from us by convoluted methods. 
I know my Republican colleagues 
will get up and say we have to do some-thing about this terrible debt. Seated next to me in this august Chamber of 
the Senate is a man who is the senior Senator from Illinois. I have said this before, and I will say it again. The rea-son I mention his name is because I knew we needed to do something about the debt. I arranged a long trip—my first job as leader—to Central and South America, and I took Judd Gregg, a Republican from New Hampshire, who is an expert on the finances of this government, and a Democratic coun-terpart, Kent Conrad, who is just as good. They worked on that airplane side by side for 14 hours and worked up a plan. What they came up with was so brilliant. They said: What we are going to do is have a plan just like the base closings. 
The base closing commissions that 
were set up—we did two rounds of them—got rid of military bases in the country that we were trying to get rid of prior to World War II. We were able to do that, and as a result, we saved the country billions and billions of dol-lars. 
They introduced legislation that said 
that we are going to have a commis-sion appointed. There will be legisla-tors, and there will be people the Presi-dent appoints and people from the out-side. They will report to us, and there will be no filibusters, no amendments, and we will have an up-or-down vote. It was a great piece of legislation. 
When I brought that legislation to 
the floor, seven Republican Senators who cosponsored the legislation refused to vote for it, and we weren’t able to move forward on it. Now I get to my friend from Illinois. I had the ability to appoint three Members of my caucus to be on the Bowles-Simpson Commission. The President did that because what Judd Gregg and Kent Conrad tried to do failed. To his credit, he did that. I needed a liberal. My friend and I are not afraid to use that term—a progres-sive, if that makes people feel better. 
He didn’t want to do that. He did it be-cause it was the best thing for this in-stitution. He sat through days and days of hearings and became a believer that we had to do something about the debt. He voted for something that Repub-licans didn’t vote for—to do something about the debt. 
I say to the Presiding Officer and to 
everybody within the sound of my voice: We have done something since then. We have reduced the debt of this country by $4 trillion. That doesn’t mean we don’t have a lot more to do. But what virtually all economists tell us is that we are at a point now where we have to start spending some money. 
My friend from California has worked 
hard on this highway bill. It was hard for her to do that because the Repub-licans weren’t allowing her to come up with any new revenue. 
Anyway, my point is this: The Re-
publicans are failing their most impor-tant job, and that is helping us come up with some spending programs. We called on the Republicans to get seri-ous about budgeting. They have re-fused. We have pleaded with them to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JY6.002 S29JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6091 July 29, 2015 
sit down and negotiate a long-term bi-
partisan plan to avoid another shut-down. From the start, it has been clear that Republicans are not serious about governing. 
A party that is serious about gov-
erning does not do the things they have done. For example, in the wake of mass shootings by individuals—it is in every newspaper in the country, and it has been for weeks. There were new deaths in Tennessee and Colorado. It doesn’t matter. I am sorry to say that we have lost track of where they all are. 
Even after these mass shootings, Re-
publicans still want to cut our funding for mental health services. Gee-whiz— how could they do that? The Repub-lican bill cuts funding for substance abuse and mental health services. They blocked research for funding for the Centers for Disease Control to study the cause and effect of gun violence. They are cutting funding for coun-seling programs in elementary and sec-ondary schools. That is only on one subject. A party that is serious about governing doesn’t cut critical funding to our Nation’s security. They have cut funding for the Bureau of Tobacco, Al-cohol and Firearms, they cut funding to vital cyber-security upgrades and fi-nancial agencies. They cut funding for U.S. marshals, the brave men and women who helped to catch those two murderers who escaped from the prison in New York. 
A party that is serious about gov-
erning doesn’t wage war against our Nation’s infrastructure. They have cut funding for the Nation’s electric grid by 40 percent, leaving our utilities sus-ceptible to cyber attacks. Senate Re-publicans have cut transit projects all across this country. They have cut funding of the air traffic control sys-tem. The list is endless. There are cuts to education, women’s health, agri-culture, energy, and job training. 
If the Republican leader and the 
Speaker wanted to get serious about governing, they would sit down with us and craft a bipartisan compromise to prevent another government shutdown. 
On the bill before us, the Speaker of 
the House of Representatives has re-ferred to that bill by using a very de-rogatory word which starts with the letter ‘‘s.’’ If the Republican leader and the Speaker want to get serious about governing, then they need to sit down with us so we can craft a bipartisan compromise to prevent another govern-ment shutdown. Instead they have al-ready given up. Both the Speaker and the Republican leader have said that what we are going to do is abandon the appropriations process in favor of a continuing resolution, which is a buzzword for failure. Failure is another word for a government shutdown. It is another way to close our government. 
By relying on a continuing resolu-
tion, it leaves in place sequester cuts and underfunds critical priorities for working American families. Repub-licans are neglecting their responsibil-ities. They are not showing up for work. It doesn’t have to be this way. 
We have time to come up with a bal-anced solution to keep our government funded. We have 2 months to come to-gether, but a CR will not work. Seques-tration will kick in, and it will harm every agency in the government. It will especially hurt the middle class of our country. If they are serious about gov-erning, they will work together with us on appropriations bills rather than ig-nore us. 
Republicans need to sit down and get 
to work on their most important job, as is dictated by the Constitution. 
I apologize to everyone for taking 
more time than I normally do, but it was brought about by my friend the Republican leader. 
I ask the Chair to announce the busi-
ness of the day. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
HIRE MORE HEROES ACT OF 2015 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of H.R. 22, which the clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 22) to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Vet-erans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the em-ployers to which the employer mandate ap-plies under the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act. 
Pending: 
McConnell modified amendment No. 2266, 
in the nature of a substitute. 
McConnell amendment No. 2421 (to amend-
ment No. 2266), of a perfecting nature. 
McConnell (for Inhofe) amendment No. 2533 
(to amendment No. 2421), relating to Federal- aid highways and highway safety construc-tion programs. 
McConnell amendment No. 2417 (to the lan-
guage proposed to be stricken by amendment No. 2266), to change the enactment date. 
McConnell amendment No. 2418 (to amend-
ment No. 2417), of a perfecting nature. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the time until 10 a.m. will be divided in the usual form. 
Mr. REID. I suggest the absence of a 
quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I had 
some time reserved, and I am halfway through that time now. So I will talk a little faster than usual because we have an Armed Services meeting right now, and we are trying get to the bot-tom of this side agreement that was apparently made with Iran. I wish to applaud the Senate for tak-
ing another step, and that is what we are going to be doing in just a few min-utes with the DRIVE Act in Congress with these votes, and tomorrow we ex-pect to see a final vote for passage so we can send it to the House. This will be my sixth reauthorization over the past number of years. These bills are all about compromise. It is hard to do. There are a lot of Members of this body who didn’t think they got what they wanted in this bill, and I have to say that I didn’t get what I wanted. I sus-pect that the occupier of the chair didn’t get what he wanted, and Senator B
OXER didn’t get what she wanted. 
That is not the way this works because this is a bill to get us away from the short-term extensions. 
It has been obvious that Members of 
this body are opposed to moving to a 6- year reauthorization bill and are will-ing to use any procedural means to slow it down, and that is what hap-pened. If we had not dragged on yester-day, and if we had yielded back some of the time, we could have had these votes that we are about to have now yesterday. If we had done that, we could have final passage today, and it would be sent over to the House before they leave. They are going to leave. That doesn’t mean that this is not im-portant. What we are doing today and tomorrow is passing this bill. Even though the House is going home, they all agree that we need a good, long- term bill as soon as they get back. That is why we have a motion before us for a short-term delay—so they will have time to do it. 
We will have a good bill for them. We 
have worked on it for several months. It passed out of committee unani-mously. Every Republican and every Democrat voted for it. We will have a chance to do that. 
Also, I have State sheets on every 
State. I can read off how every State benefits from this 6-year reauthoriza-tion bill. All you have to do is talk to the Governors, mayors, and the depart-ments of transportation across the country. They fully expected Congress only to deliver piecemeal extensions, as we have in the past. 
We have to keep in mind that the 
last reauthorization bill that we had was in 2005. I remember that vividly be-cause I was the author of the bill. When we passed it, everyone rejoiced. Yesterday the Senator from Minnesota was talking about the tragedy of the fallen bridge in Minnesota, where 13 people died. I told the story about how a bridge in Oklahoma City had a chunk of concrete fall off of it and hit a moth-er of three children and kill her. You don’t want to wait until this happens. 
We have bridges in this country—and 
we have talked about each one of them on the Senate floor during the discus-sion on this bill—that are deterio-rating, and we have to do something about it. 
If any Member or the staff of any 
Member—I know the staffs are all 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JY6.004 S29JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6092 July 29, 2015 
watching right now. We have every 
State listed on these sheets, and it shows what they will have and how they will benefit from the DRIVE Act, which will be before us in a moment. If we don’t do it, there are consequences, and I have to remind everyone of that today as we approach a shutdown of the transit programs. I urge my col-leagues to join in voting yes on this procedural hurdle today. If you vote no, you are reinforcing current laws and extensions, which is the worst pos-sible outcome. 
One area deals with big projects. We 
cannot do big projects with 3-month, 4- month or even 1-year extensions. We have gone through 33 short-term exten-sions since the SAFETEA–LU bill was passed. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator’s time has expired. 
Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that I be given 5 additional minutes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. INHOFE. We have the problem of 
not having any of the big projects, and everyone knows that is a problem. The reason big projects can’t be done is due to the costs. But a study has been done by Gary Ridley, who is one of the fore-most authorities nationwide on this subject, and in that study he came to the conclusion that it costs an addi-tional 30 percent off the top to do short-term extensions. 
If there is anyone who is a conserv-
ative and wants to take the conserv-ative position on this issue, the con-servative position is to vote for a long- term reauthorization bill, and that is what is before us now. The current funding has no growth—not even for in-flation. The DRIVE Act provides growth in the highway and transit sys-tems in each State. For those who are interested, we have all of this listed State by State. The current law gives States and local governments no cer-tainty. However, the certainty is there in the DRIVE Act. So we have every reason to do this. 
Project delivery. We are going to be 
able to deliver the projects. We can’t even start the projects on short-term extensions. 
Freight. We have a freight section. 
We have never had a freight section be-fore for moving freight across the country. 
Transparency. Everything is there so 
that everyone can see every nickel that is used. This is the most transparent of all of the reauthorizations we have had. 
Lastly, innovation. The DRIVE Act 
prepares our transportation system for the future. That is why it is so impor-tant that we get to it today. 
I compliment the leaders for moving 
us forward and making every effort to get this done before the House goes home. 
This will give them a good start on 
what to do during the recess. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 2417 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
move to table amendment No. 2417. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the motion to table. 
The motion was agreed to. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 2533 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to the Inhofe amendment No. 2533. 
The amendment (No. 2533) was agreed 
to. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 2421, AS AMENDED  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent to vitiate the yeas and nays on amendment No. 2421. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is on agreeing to 
amendment No. 2421, as amended. 
The amendment (No. 2421), as amend-
ed, was agreed to. 
VOTE ON AMENDMENT NO . 2266, AS MODIFIED , AS 
AMENDED  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is on agreeing to amendment No. 2266, as modified, as amended. 
The yeas and nays were previously 
ordered. 
The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
called the roll. 
The result was announced—yeas 62, 
nays 38, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 258 Leg.] 
YEAS—62 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blunt Boozman Boxer Burr Cantwell Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Cornyn Daines Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein 
Fischer Franken Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Leahy Manchin McCain McCaskill McConnell 
Moran Murray Nelson Peters Portman Roberts Rounds Sanders Schatz Sessions Shaheen Stabenow Sullivan 
Tester Thune Tillis Vitter Whitehouse Wicker 
NAYS—38 
Blumenthal 
Booker Brown Cardin Carper Casey Corker Cotton Crapo Cruz Donnelly Flake Gillibrand Heinrich 
Hirono Lankford Lee Markey Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murkowski Murphy Paul Perdue Reed Reid 
Risch Rubio Sasse Schumer Scott Shelby Toomey Udall Warner Warren Wyden 
The amendment (No. 2266), as modi-
fied, as amended, was agreed to. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the manda-tory quorum call be waived. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays 
before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. 
The legislative clerk read as follows. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-
ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on H.R. 22, an act to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health cov-erage under TRICARE or the Veterans Ad-ministration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
Mitch McConnell, John Cornyn, Orrin G. 
Hatch, John Barrasso, Pat Roberts, Richard Burr, Thom Tillis, David Vit-ter, Lindsey Graham, Kelly Ayotte, Lamar Alexander, Daniel Coats, John Hoeven, James M. Inhofe, Roger F. Wicker, Susan M. Collins, John Thune. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-
imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. 
The question is, Is it the sense of the 
Senate that debate on H.R. 22, an act to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Vet-erans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of deter-mining the employers to which the em-ployer mandate applies under the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended, shall be brought to a close? 
The yeas and nays are mandatory 
under the rule. 
The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 65, 
nays 35, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 259 Leg.] 
YEAS—65 
Alexander 
Ayotte Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blunt Boozman Boxer Burr Cantwell Capito Cassidy Coats Cochran Collins Coons Cornyn Daines Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer 
Flake Franken Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine King Kirk Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Manchin McCain McCaskill McConnell 
Moran Murray Nelson Peters Portman Roberts Rounds Sanders Schatz Scott 
Sessions Shaheen Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Vitter Whitehouse Wicker 
NAYS—35 
Blumenthal 
Booker Brown Cardin Carper Casey Corker Cotton Crapo Cruz Donnelly Gillibrand Heinrich 
Hirono Lee Markey Menendez Merkley Mikulski Murkowski Murphy Paul Perdue Reed Reid 
Risch Rubio Sasse Schumer Shelby Toomey Udall Warner Warren Wyden 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this 
vote, the yeas are 65, the nays are 35. 
Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-
sen and sworn having voted in the af-firmative, the motion is agreed to. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:27 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JY6.005 S29JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6093 July 29, 2015 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
NOMINATION OF ALLISON BECK TO 
BE FEDERAL MEDIATION AND CONCILIATION DIRECTOR 
NOMINATION OF JEFFREY MI-
CHAEL PRIETO TO BE GENERAL COUNSEL OF THE DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE 
NOMINATION OF CAROL FORTINE 
OCHOA TO BE INSPECTOR GEN-ERAL, GENERAL SERVICES AD-MINISTRATION 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to consider the following nominations, which the clerk will report. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read the nominations of Allison Beck, of the District of Columbia, to be Fed-eral Mediation and Conciliation Direc-tor; Jeffrey Michael Prieto, of Cali-fornia, to be General Counsel of the De-partment of Agriculture; and Carol Fortine Ochoa, of Virginia, to be In-spector General, General Services Ad-ministration. 
VOTE ON BECK NOMINATION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the nomination of Allison Beck, of the District of Columbia, to be Federal Mediation and Conciliation Di-rector? 
The nomination was confirmed. 
VOTE ON PRIETO NOMINATION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the nomination of Jeffrey Michael Prieto, of California, to be General Counsel of the Department of Agriculture? 
The nomination was confirmed. 
VOTE ON OCHOA NOMINATION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the nomination of Carol Fortine Ochoa, of Virginia, to be In-spector General, General Services Ad-ministration? 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the motions to re-consider are considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate will now resume legislative session. 
f 
HIRE MORE HEROES ACT OF 2015— 
Continued 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader is recognized. 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the next 40 minutes be under the control of the Democratic side and that the time be equally di-
vided among the following Senators: R
EID, B OXER , W HITEHOUSE , M ARKEY , 
SCHATZ , and S CHUMER . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. 
CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. REID. Mr. President, at virtually 
every caucus we have, every Tuesday caucus, I have Senators report on what is going on in the world as it relates to climate change. 
I wish these were fun-filled presen-
tations where people laughed, clapped, and smiled, but they are not. They are very downbeat because each Senator who makes a presentation—whether it is the senior Senator from New Hamp-shire, who talks about moose dying in her State because the fleas and ticks no longer die in the cold weather, she explained how about one-third of the moose are dead in New Hampshire, or whether it is the junior Senator from the State of Michigan talking about what is going on in that beautiful State of Michigan. 
Without going through the list of 
Senators who have reported what is going on as they see it with climate change, everyone within the sound of my voice should rest assured things are not good. Our world is changing and has already changed drastically. 
The Earth is undergoing a shift, a 
manmade climate change shift. We don’t need to travel to the polar ice-caps for proof, although if we did, we would see that too. There is evidence all around. Talking about the polar ice-cap, think about Alaska. Millions of acres are on fire as we speak—not a fire as we see in the forest or the range lands of Nevada, where you see fire flames flip up into the sky so high it is hard to believe sometimes. But this is burning underground at the perma-frost. It is awful what is happening in Alaska. 
But let’s talk about Nevada. Nevada 
is an unusual State in many different ways. We have over 32 mountains more than 11,000 feet high. We have one mountain we share with California that is 14,000 feet high. We have beau-tiful, beautiful wilderness. 
I have had the good fortune during 
my time in the Senate to legislate. When I came here, we had about 60,000 acres of wilderness. We are now ap-proaching about 4 million acres of wil-derness, and it is beautiful, beautiful country. There are beautiful moun-tains, antelope, and mountain sheep, of course. We even have mountain goats. It is a beautiful, beautiful State. 
We share Lake Tahoe with Cali-
fornia—beautiful, beautiful Lake Tahoe that Mark Twain said is the fairest place on all the Earth. The water level this summer is at a record low. Water we used to take for granted that would come out of the lake isn’t coming out anymore. 
Snowpack in the Sierra Nevada 
Mountains is a fraction of normal lev-els. A few decades ago, we used to have piles of snow that were unbelievable, 
tens and tens of feet of snow every win-ter—no longer. In fact, this past March, World Cup ski cross and snowboardcross races had to be can-celled. Why? We had no snow—no snow at a place where we had the Winter Olympics in Squaw Valley—no snow. They cancelled the races. 
As I have said on the floor, because it 
is so traumatic as far as I am con-cerned, many of our black bears aren’t even hibernating. It is not cold enough. This past June, a few weeks ago—Lake Mead at one time was the largest man-made lake in America. It isn’t anymore because of Lake Powell, which over-took Nevada for the largest manmade lake in America. Lake Powell is on the road to being eliminated. It is part of the great Colorado River program that allows the States of California—all the upper Colorado States—Arizona, and Nevada, to survive. 
This past June, Lake Mead water lev-
els sunk to record lows—record lows. Towns that were buried with the mak-ing of the Boulder, Hoover Dam, we can see them again. St. Thomas is an ex-ample. An early Mormon settlement there was buried in the water—no longer. Now they are doing archeo-logical work on what was buried under Lake Mead previously. 
Now, that is only Nevada, and that is 
only a touch of what is happening in Nevada. Wildfires are devastating our State, wiping out native grasses and plants, causing endangered species that need to be listed as threatened or going extinct because, for example, if you have birds survive in our sagebrush, sagebrush is burned and no longer ex-ists, you get these foreign species that come in, mainly cheatgrass, and it is no good for anything other than more fires. That is what we have in Nevada, devastating wildfires. 
Around the United States, massive 
floods are destroying life around the globe. The poles are melting. By the year 2050, scientists estimate the sea level will rise in the world by 16 feet. 
What will that do to Florida? Of all 
the major cities in the world, with vir-tually no exception, they are all in coastal areas. What coastal city in the world is going to be hit hardest in the world by this climate change, the ris-ing of the seas? Miami, FL, the State of Florida. 
Massive floods are destroying life 
around the globe. Poles are melting. I repeat, ocean resources are being ex-hausted. 
Stunningly, Republicans in Congress 
are ignoring changes to our environ-ment that we are all witnessing. They are here. They are in denial. They are in what I refer to as Koch denial be-cause, remember, everybody, the two Koch brothers don’t want us to do any-thing on climate change. Why? No. 1, it may prevent them from making more billions. They are heavily invested in tar sands in Canada, and, of course, their original fortunes were made in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JY6.010 S29JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6094 July 29, 2015 
oil, gas, and coal in America. Repub-
licans are in denial. They are in Koch denial. 
Last month House Republicans 
passed legislation that would rescind President Obama’s action addressing air pollution and climate change. That legislation is not going to happen over here, but that is the mindset of the Re-publicans. Not to be outdone, Repub-licans here in the Senate are trying the same thing with the Senate Interior and Environment appropriations bill, filling it with policy riders that are dangerous to the planet, dangerous to America. 
Republicans all know the planet is 
changing—I hope they do, but they don’t. If a Republican knows this, they are a rare Republican and I am still waiting for them to step forward. Re-publicans don’t admit it is a problem. Where is their solution? Well, they have none. They have no solution be-cause they refuse to acknowledge there is a problem. 
Let’s not fool ourselves as to why Re-
publicans reject climate change. I have already said why. It is the Koch chal-lenge they all have. Every Presidential candidate has to be very careful. There are certain things, and I don’t know them all because I am not in attend-ance at the meetings, but No. 1 is that the Ex-Im Bank has to stay dead. Those 165,000 people working in Amer-ica, get rid of them. It is a government program, get rid of it—even though, as we speak right now, 40 other countries have working ex-im bank programs that are taking business away from American exporters. My Republican friends are unwilling to stand up to the oil barons who bring their filthy tar sands from Canada. 
Republicans have offered no legisla-
tion nor have they offered a single idea that would protect our world from cli-mate change. The closest they came was to try to be funny here on the floor when it snowed and they brought a snowball into the Chamber, saying: It couldn’t be climate change; we have some snow today. Well, we did get some snow, but that doesn’t mean we don’t have climate change. 
It is shameful to turn our back on 
the biggest dilemma the Earth faces. We must come together to arrest cli-mate change. 
I am very happy that my friend the 
junior Senator from Rhode Island is here because he is focused on all kinds of issues relating to climate, and he has been the driving force in recog-nizing that one of the places climate change is devastating our world is our oceans. We can’t see that very well be-cause the oceans are so massive, but in places our oceans are already dead— not dying but dead. 
So it is shameful, I repeat, to turn 
our backs on the biggest dilemma the Earth faces probably in the history of our world. We must come together to address climate change. 
There are solutions that involve, 
among other things, clean energy. Just a few weeks ago, a solar company an-
nounced it would build a 100-megawatt solar farm and sell the power to Ne-vada’s utility. The electricity gen-erated by that solar farm was described by the press as ‘‘not only the cheapest solar—it may be the least expensive electricity in the entire country.’’ That is what solar does now. Think about that. The cheapest power being built in America today is solar and it is inex-haustible. It doesn’t have to be in the desert, where the Sun shines all the time; it can be used where the Sun doesn’t shine all the time, and used well. 
Solutions to address climate change 
are here. They are right here. Nevada has seen $5 billion in development with solar and geothermal and a little bit of wind. Solutions to address climate change are here, and they are afford-able and become more so every day. They have created thousands of jobs. And I misspoke earlier. It is $6 billion in Nevada—not $5 billion—that has now been invested in clean energy. 
Republicans should stop denying cli-
mate change. If they want to keep complaining about the solutions, they should offer their own solutions. But there can’t be a solution if they do not see a problem, so I am not going to hold my breath that Republicans are going to change their ways. 
This is the No. 1 issue facing our 
world. The Defense Department is con-cerned about the resources they are going to get for manpower. If you ask the people who run the government’s military, the Chiefs of Staff, they will tell you they are concerned about what this means for the security of this Na-tion. 
We cannot ignore this issue any 
longer. It is affecting the security of this Nation for lots of other reasons— namely, what it does to other countries that puts pressure on us. 
I appreciate very much my col-
leagues joining in this discussion we are going to have today because it is a discussion we have to have because the world is in trouble because of the cli-mate change. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
AS-
SIDY). The Senator from Rhode Island. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, 
let me take a moment to commend the leadership of our minority leader on this issue. He has made it a priority in the caucus. He has seen its effects at home in Nevada, and he is an out-standing voice in this area. I am very grateful to him. 
I also thank and recognize my chair-
man on the Environment and Public Works Committee, B
ARBARA BOXER , 
and no one is more forceful than she on the need that we have to address cli-mate change and the carbon pollution we are emitting that is causing this. 
Mr. President, we are here just after 
the 6-month anniversary of an inter-esting statement that was made by the Republican chairman of the energy committee, the Senator from Alaska. Six months ago—January 22, to be exact—she said: What I am hoping that 
we can do now is get beyond the discus-sion as to whether climate change is real and talk about what do we do. 
That was January 22 on the Senate 
floor, 6 months ago. What have we seen from the majority party in the 6 months since their energy chairman said that we need to get to this ques-tion, we need to concede climate change is real, and that we need to ad-dress what to do? We have seen exactly nothing—that is to say nothing but complaints: Oh, the President’s Clean Power Plan is no good. Oh, we should have massive resistance to the Presi-dent’s Clean Power Plan. Oh, we should defund the EPA. 
These are the thoughts the Repub-
lican majority brings as we face this question. 
So it is worth looking at some of the 
folks who are very clear that climate change is a real problem. Here is one— NASA, our scientists from NASA. They couldn’t be clearer about the impor-tance of climate change and about the role of carbon pollution. How smart are NASA scientists? They are driving a rover around on the surface of Mars, folks. They just shot a spacecraft by Pluto close enough to take pictures of it and send back data. 
What does the Republican majority 
have to say about NASA’s position on climate change? That they are in on a hoax. They basically accuse NASA sci-entists of being dishonest, even though they are the ones who put our country on the surface of Mars and who put an American vehicle close enough to Pluto to take pictures of it. 
Look at Walmart. Just a moment 
ago, the junior Senator from Arkansas was presiding. Walmart joined with a dozen other companies yesterday at the White House to say climate change is real. These aren’t leftwing compa-nies. This was Walmart. This was Alcoa. This was GM. This was Coke. This was Pepsi. This was UPS. 
We have to start taking this seri-
ously. But is there anything out of the State of Arkansas—Walmart’s home State—on climate? Nope. Not a single thing. 
There was recently an article in 
Forbes magazine titled ‘‘Climate Change Will Cause Increased Flooding in Coastal Cities.’’ The picture is a sat-ellite picture of the State of Florida. The little caption under the picture says: ‘‘Flooding from climate change is threatening much of the coastline, in-cluding major cities in Florida.’’ Yet we have two Presidential candidates from Florida on the Republican side, and what do they have to say about cli-mate change? Nothing—nothing other than ‘‘I don’t know, I am not a sci-entist’’ and all the usual dodges. 
Pope Francis wrote an encyclical—an 
extraordinarily important article in the Catholic faith—about the reality and the effect of climate change. What do our Catholic Republican Senators have to say about that? Nothing. We are not going to listen to him; he is not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JY6.011 S29JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6095 July 29, 2015 
a scientist. Well, actually, technically 
he is. He is a trained chemist. But that is the line—not a scientist. 
What could possibly explain these 
strange anomalies? The biggest cor-poration in Arkansas knows climate change is a problem, and there is noth-ing from the Senators from Arkansas. The coastline of Florida is under im-mediate threat, according to Forbes magazine, the capitalist tool, and the Presidential candidates from Florida can’t say a single thing about it. The Pope is calling on us—— 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator’s time has expired. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. I ask unanimous 
consent for a closing minute. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. The last thing I 
will mention is that there is a common thread that links all of this, and it is money. The Koch brothers are putting hundreds of millions of dollars into this election. One of their organiza-tions—one—said that it was going to spend $889 million in this election and that anybody who crossed them on cli-mate change would be at ‘‘a severe dis-advantage.’’ Nice little campaign you got here; I would hate to put it at a se-vere disadvantage with my $900 mil-lion. So what we have is secret money and we have threats related to it that are obliterating what had been a good Republican response on climate change and on other environmental issues. 
We need to move on. I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Hawaii. 
Mr. SCHATZ. Mr. President, I want 
to talk a little about the particulars of the Clean Power Plan and address some of the questions that have been raised by some of the opponents. 
I think the first premise has to be 
that carbon is an airborne pollutant; that the Clean Air Act doesn’t just give the EPA the authority to regulate air-borne pollutants, it actually requires that all airborne pollutants that can cause a public health risk get regu-lated. That is the basis of the Supreme Court decision. This doesn’t give the EPA the discretion—this doesn’t give the Obama administration the discre-tion to regulate carbon pollution, it re-quires that they do so. So the only question is not a legal one. The legal one has been settled. The EPA is re-quired to regulate pollution under the Clean Air Act. The only question re-maining is, Is carbon a pollutant? I don’t think there is anybody credible in this Chamber who thinks carbon is not a pollutant. 
Look, I think we are actually making 
progress. Over the last 6 to 12 months, we have seen a sea change among Re-publican Members of Congress who are increasingly concerned, I think, about being on the wrong side of history, about being on the wrong side of science, about being on the wrong side of a whole generation of young voters— Republican, Democratic, and Inde-pendent—who understands this is one 
of the great challenges of our genera-tion. So we are seeing some movement. We are seeing some openness to at least concede that this problem, in fact, exists. 
We have this incredible law in the 
Clean Air Act. We don’t need to pass a new law. Of course, Senator W
HITE-
HOUSE and I have been working very 
hard with Senator B OXER and others on 
a carbon fee, but we also have the tools at our disposal to regulate carbon pol-lution. Like methane and other air-borne pollutants, it is causing environ-mental and health damage. 
The Clean Power Plan is very simple. 
It is treating this as though it is the pollutant that it is. Originally, I think there were some legitimate concerns about how this thing was going to get administered. I will give a ‘‘for exam-ple.’’ 
If you are in a very small rural State 
and you are going to regulate not a State’s total carbon emissions but an individual powerplant’s carbon emis-sions, that is a very tough sell. There are instances where, because of legacy infrastructure, because of distance—for instance, in Hawaii we have remote and relatively small islands. So it is very difficult to ask the island of Lanai, which is running on diesel-fired generators, or the island of Molokai, to, at an individual powerplant level, reduce carbon emissions. That is tough. They can make improvements in efficiency, but they may not be able to meet the standard. So the idea is to allow all of it to aggregate. 
What Hawaii did, we have a Hawaii 
Clean Energy Initiative, recognizing that there are going to be some places that will have incredible challenges economically and in terms of the fi-nancing of the projects, incredible challenges complying at the micro level, at the site level, at the power generation level, but if we provide flexibility to States—and I know in California with the Cap-and-Trade Pro-gram and the Northeast with the RGGI Program, there is a flexibility region-ally or within States of energy systems to say that as long as you, in the ag-gregate, are making sufficient progress, we are going to allow you to figure out how to make that progress on your own. So we anticipate these rules will provide sufficient flexibility to allow economies to thrive. 
I will make one final point on this 
before hearing from the great Senator from California; that is, all of the hue and cry, all of the panic, all of the heartburn about what is going to hap-pen to our economy doesn’t have to be an abstract question anymore. We have States currently exceeding the antici-pated thresholds in the clean power-plants. So we don’t have to imagine what is going to happen to various economies if we comply because we have States such as California, we have the Hawaii Clean Energy Initiative. 
Two years ago, I was on the floor 
talking about the Hawaii Clean Energy Initiative with a 40-percent renewable 
portfolio standard, and the legislature in the last 3 or 4 months just passed the first 100 percent clean energy stat-ute in the United States. Our unem-ployment rate is 4 percent, and we have exceeded our previous goals. California, with its Cap-and-Trade Program, and all the hue and cry and panic about what would happen to our economy— California is booming. Hawaii is doing well. People still have their economic challenges, but it is not because of our desire to drive an innovation economy and to try to solve this great challenge of our time. 
We can create clean energy jobs. We 
can innovate into the future. America has an incredible opportunity to lead in this space. I am so pleased to be part of that innovation and part of that leadership. We are putting our marker down as a country. We understand this is going to take a global effort, but now America has the credibility to lead on climate. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor to the 
great Senator from California. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California. 
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, before 
the Senator from Hawaii leaves the floor, I just want to say what a breath of fresh air he is. That is something we say to compliment somebody, but in this case he is fighting for clean air. He is fighting for his kids and his grandkids. It has been an honor to work with him. 
The world understands this, Ameri-
cans understand this; that we are fac-ing a serious threat to our Nation— dangerous climate change. We abso-lutely need to act now. The evidence is all around us. 
I will highlight, in the brief time I 
have, some of the facts. These cannot be refuted. 
The evidence of climate change is 
around us. NASA and NOAA found that 2014 was the hottest year around the globe since recordkeeping began 134 years ago. How my colleagues could come to the floor and dispute this—if we were to ask people do you respect NASA, I would say everyone from our kids to our grandmas would say, abso-lutely, they are scientists. 
The American Meteorological Asso-
ciation, the society, reported that nu-merous key climate change indicators were at or near record levels. They found 2014 was the hottest year since recordkeeping began in 1880—2014 was the hottest year since 1880—and sea surface temperatures and sea levels were at record highs. 
This is the problem: When we have 
these kinds of record temperatures, they come with a cost—a cost to wild-life, a cost to human life. 
I don’t have time to go into what we 
are beginning to see, but about 8 years ago when I did take the gavel of the Environment and Public Works Com-mittee, we held a hearing. Everything that was predicted by the scientists is coming true—everything. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JY6.013 S29JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6096 July 29, 2015 
Here is the good news. Here is the 
great news. My State of California is a true leader in this area. With the lead-ership of our State legislature, our Governor, Jerry Brown, and leading ac-tivists in our States, such as Tom Steyer and many others, we are seeing California stand up and address this issue. And what has happened? What has happened? All the gloom and doom: Oh, my God. If we try to move away from dirty energy, it is going to be ter-rible for everybody. 
Let me tell you the good news. Ac-
cording to the Bureau of Labor Statis-tics, in 2011 California had over 360,000 green jobs, the most of any State, and in 2014 there were more than 2,094 solar companies at work throughout the value chain in California, employing 54,700 people. Let me say there are some days in California where we get half of our energy from the Sun—half of our energy from the Sun. 
Here is the other thing we have to 
know: California households pay the ninth lowest electricity bills in the country. So all the doom and gloom, we are going to have to pay more and all the rest, is so much talk. 
A long time ago, when I became 
aware of climate change, I looked at it and thought: Oh, my gosh. What are we going to do? But the longer I looked at it and the longer I studied it, the faster I recognized that if we address climate change in the right way, it will be a boon to our economy and it will be a boon to our health because we know for sure that asthma and respiratory ail-ments and cardiovascular disease are threats to our families, and they will go down—the risks will go down be-cause when we clean up the carbon pol-lution, we clean up all the other pollut-ants that go along with it. 
Just this week one of our great lead-
ers whom I mentioned, who was the leader of NextGen, the president and founder Tom Steyer, said the fol-lowing: Our country needs bold leaders who will lay out a plan to achieve more than 50 percent clean energy by 2030, putting us on a pathway to a com-pletely clean energy economy by 2050 and millions of new jobs. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the fact sheet from NextGen Climate be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
FACTSHEET : POWERING AMERICA WITHMORE 
THAN50 P ERCENT CLEAN ENERGY BY 2030 
NextGen Climate is calling on candidates 
and elected officials to tackle climate change—the defining issue of our time—by producing a plan to power America with more than 50 percent clean and carbon-free energy by 2030, putting us on a pathway to 100% clean energy by 2050. The transition to clean electricity is urgently needed, techno-logically achievable, economically bene-ficial, and politically popular. 
CLIMATE CHANGE PUTS AMERICA ’S ECONOMY  
AND SECURITY AT RISK  
Left unchecked, climate change will have 
devastating effects on America’s economy and security. The International Panel for Climate 
Change (IPCC) conservatively estimates that, without action, 1–5% percent of global mean Gross Domestic Product is at risk due to climate change, and in some localized places the risks even higher. 
Intensifying seasonal weather patterns, ex-
treme weather events, rising sea levels, and increased illness and disease will cost the U.S. economy billions of dollars a year in property damage, increased costs, and lost productivity. 
We are already feeling the effects of cli-
mate change at home. From 2010 to 2014 the United States experienced nearly 50 climate- related disasters with costs in excess of $1 billion each, and in 2013 alone the United States experienced $125 billion in expenses from climate-related events. 
Climate change poses a grave national se-
curity risk as well. Just last year, 16 retired three- and four-star generals and admirals issued a report, National Security and the Accelerating Risks of Climate Change, iden-tifying climate change as a ‘‘catalyst for conflict.’’ Additionally, the Pentagon’s 2014 Quadrennial Defense Review laid out that climate change poses a serious threat and will aggravate stressors abroad. 
TRANSITIONING TO A CLEAN ENERGY ECONOMY  
WILL PREVENT CLIMATE DISASTER  
It is not too late to avoid the worst con-
sequences of climate change—though time is running out. The longer the United States, and the global community, delay the transi-tion to a clean energy economy the larger the economic impacts will be. In order to help prevent climate disaster, the United States must reduce carbon emissions by 83 percent economy-wide by 2050. 
A plan to power America with more than 50 
percent clean and carbon-free energy by 2030 will put us on the path to a 100 percent clean-energy economy by 2050, accom-plishing the necessary carbon emissions re-duction from the electricity sector. 
MORE THAN 50 PERCENT CLEAN ENERGY BY 2030  
IS A TECHNOLOGICALLY ACHIEVABLE GOAL  
The transition to a clean energy economy 
is already underway. Clean energy tech-nologies like wind and solar are increasingly competitive with outdated fossil fuels on cost, and are growing rapidly across America and around the world: 
Installed solar capacity in the United 
States increased 34 percent between 2013 and 2014. 
The U.S. has installed over 20,000 
megawatts of solar enough to power more than 4 million average American homes—and that is expected to double in just the next two years. 
Utility scale solar has reached cost parity 
with coal and gas in many regions and is pro-jected to be cheaper than fossil fuels throughout most of the U.S. by 2017. 
Combined with significant technological 
cost breakthroughs of clean energy tech-nologies and the Obama Administration’s historic steps to stop the unlimited dumping of carbon pollution into our air and water with the Clean Power Plan, the U.S. elec-tricity sector is beginning to transform to one that is cleaner, cheaper, and more reli-able. 
The Energy Information Administration 
projects that the electricity mix in 2030 will be approximately 25% coal, 31% natural gas, 1% oil, 18% nuclear, 7% hydropower, 12% wind, 3+% solar, and 3% other renewable sources. This means that with no additional policies other than expected implementation of the Clean Power Plan, nearly 43% of the electricity produced is projected to be clean or carbon-free in 2030. 
Though the transformation to a clean en-
ergy economy is already underway, and ac-complishing more than 50 percent clean en-
ergy by 2030 is technologically possible, pol-icymakers must do their part to push us over the top. The deck is currently stacked against clean energy, as subsidies and other preferential treatment prop up outdated fos-sil fuels, stifling American innovation and slowing the growth of modern renewable en-ergy sources. 
Our country needs bold leadership that ac-
celerates the transition away from fossil fuels that cause climate change and towards America’s clean energy future and the eco-nomic benefits it will bring. By fully imple-menting the Clean Power Plan and pursuing other policy solutions that will allow energy sources like solar and wind to compete against fossil fuels on a level playing field, our leaders can ensure we transition to clean energy in time to prevent climate disaster. 
ACHIEVING MORE THAN 50 PERCENT CLEAN EN -
ERGY BY 2030 WILL SPUR ECONOMIC GROWTH  
AND CREATE JOBS  
Today, clean energy jobs are significantly 
outpacing fossil fuels jobs. In 2014, the num-ber of people working in solar power sur-passed the number of people employed as coal miners. As the technology landscape continues to change, clean energy has the opportunity to be a significant driver of em-ployment in every city, state, and region. These jobs include installing and operating clean energy, performing energy retrofits, designing and researching new technologies, and operating the clean energy businesses of tomorrow. 
Solar jobs are growing 20 times faster than 
the broader economy. 
Solar energy creates eight times more jobs 
in construction, installation, operations, and maintenance, than coal and natural gas do across full project lifetimes. 
There are more than 500 wind manufac-
turing facilities across the U.S. and there are currently more than 70,000 people employed in wind-related jobs. 
In this global race for clean energy, the na-
tion that leads on clean energy technology development will have a significant advan-tage in creating the millions of clean energy jobs that are up for grabs in this new energy revolution. 
The United States is on the road to a clean 
energy economy. Technology and economics no longer limit our ability to realize this new energy system. With bold political lead-ership, we can accelerate America’s transi-tion to a clean energy economy, win this global clean energy race, strengthen our 
economy, and help mitigate potentially tril-lions of dollars of damages from climate change. 
Mrs. BOXER. After stating their key 
findings, I will complete my presen-tation. 
How many more minutes do I have? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator has consumed 5
1⁄2minutes. 
Mrs. BOXER. I ask unanimous con-
sent for 1 more minute. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mrs. BOXER. Here is what NextGen 
found: Achieving more than 50 percent clean energy by 2030 will spur economic growth and create jobs. 
I agree. Second, most Americans support a 
goal of more than 50 percent clean en-ergy by 2050. 
I think the polls bear that out. Third, climate change puts America’s 
economy and security at risk. 
I absolutely agree with that. We have 
been told that by the defense establish-ment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JY6.027 S29JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6097 July 29, 2015 
Next, transitioning to a clean energy 
economy will prevent climate disaster. 
That is true. Lastly, they say 50 percent clean en-
ergy by 2030 is feasible. 
Although I haven’t studied this my-
self, I can say the Energy Information Administration estimates that this can happen if we take the kind of steps President Obama is recommending and a lot of us in the Senate support, put-ting a price on carbon that will save us from devastating climate change. It will provide jobs and will make us a healthier nation. 
As I said, I rise today to talk about 
one of the most serious threats facing our Nation—dangerous climate change. We need to act now, but the Republican majority in Congress has no plan to ad-dress the threat posed to the American people. 
The evidence of climate change is all 
around us. NASA and NOAA found that 
2014 was the hottest year around the globe since recordkeeping began 134 years ago. 
Earlier this month, the American 
Meteorological Society reported that numerous key climate change indica-tors were at or near record levels last year. 2014 was the hottest year since recordkeeping began in 1880; and sea surface temperatures and sea levels were at record high levels. 
And it is continuing—NOAA reported 
that January through June 2015 has been the hottest first half of any year on record. 
We must act now to address climate 
change by reducing dangerous carbon pollution from the biggest source— power plants. 
The President’s Clean Power Plan 
will help America lead the way to avert the worst impacts of climate change— such as sea level rise, dangerous heat waves, and economic disruption. 
By reducing carbon pollution, we can 
also cut many types of air pollutants that threaten human health. 
I often say, if people can’t breathe, 
they can’t go to work or school. Ac-cording to EPA, the powerplant pro-posal will avoid up to 150,000 asthma attacks in children, 3,300 heart attacks, 6,600 premature deaths, and 490,000 missed days at school and work in 2030. 
The Obama administration clearly 
gets it, and so do the American people. A Stanford University poll from earlier this year found that 83 percent of Americans, including 61 percent of Re-publicans, say if nothing is done to re-duce carbon pollution, climate change will be a problem in the future. And 74 percent of Americans say the Federal Government should take action to combat climate change. 
Our businesses also get it. On Mon-
day, 13 of the largest American busi-nesses gathered at the White House to launch the American Business Act on Climate Pledge. These companies, in-cluding California-based Google and Apple, pledged to take steps to address climate change. 
But climate deniers in Congress still 
don’t get it—they have made repeated attempts to block the Clean Power 
Plan and other commonsense steps. 
Last year, the EPW Committee heard 
from four former EPA administrators who served under Republican Presi-dents, from Richard Nixon to George W. Bush, and they all agreed that cli-mate change requires action now. This should not be a partisan issue. 
President Obama has a plan, the 
American people want us to act, so I ask my Republican colleagues, what is your plan? 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. 
Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, we are 
at a crossroads. We have a catastrophe that is looming for our planet. We have the world looking at the United States wondering if we are going to lead. We have the Pope coming to the United States and speaking out on this issue. We have the world gathering in Paris this November, this December, dis-cussing this issue because it is now the focal point of the world; that is, the danger of ever-escalating, dangerous climate change, the warming of our planet, and the catastrophic con-sequences of the warming of our plan-et. 
The tides are rising. Snows are melt-
ing. In other places, the snows are greater than they have ever been be-fore. Climate change—dangerous cli-mate change—that is what is hap-pening. 
What is the response from the Repub-
lican side of the aisle? We hear noth-ing. We hear denial. We hear essen-tially an argument that it is not our responsibility to deal with it, but the Pope is asking us to be the leader. The world is asking us to be the leader. The young people in our country, the green generation, are asking us to be the leader. 
The United States is a technological 
giant. We have the capacity to invent the technologies that are going to radi-cally reduce greenhouse gases, not only in our own country but around the world: new renewable energy tech-nologies, new battery technologies, and new ways of generating electricity in the 21st century. We do not have to be tied to 19th century technologies—oil and coal. It is the 21st century. 
In our country, in 2015 and 2016, we 
are going to generate 40,000 new megawatts of wind and solar. We ask, Well, what does that translate into? What are 40,000 megawatts? If we think of all the nuclear powerplants that have been constructed in our country over the last 70 years, we now have 100,000 megawatts of electricity coming from nuclear power. In these 2 years, 2015 to 2016, we are going to add 40,000 in wind and solar. The experts did not think this was possible 10 years ago. The experts would have said: Oh, wind and solar, that is nice, but it can’t re-place the coal that has always been re-lied upon to provide our electricity going back to the 19th century. Impos-sible, they said. No. This new genera-tion is rising up. And what is doing it? 
Well, we have put tax breaks on the books now for wind and solar. We are giving them the same breaks we always gave oil, we always gave coal. But what do we hear from the Republican Party? Should we eliminate the coal and oil tax breaks? Oh, no. You can’t touch those. But when we say, well, let’s 
renew the tax breaks for wind and solar, they say it is time for us to now allow these new industries to go it alone. That has been the problem all along; there isn’t a level playing field. What we have done over the last 7 years is create a level playing field, so the new energy technologies can com-pete against these old tax breaks for coal and oil that have been on the books for generations. We can do it. We can solve this problem, but we can’t create an unlevel playing field. 
The same thing is true with auto-
motive technologies. All of that CO
2 
coming out of automobiles, coming out of trucks, people said we just have to live with it. The average for vehicles that ordinary families drove in our country just 6 years ago was 25 miles a gallon, essentially the same as 1975. The green generation, the young people in our country, say let’s do better, let’s invent new technologies. Let’s have electric cars. Let’s have plug-in hy-brids. Let’s have a generation of hy-brids. No, says the industry. It is too difficult. We can’t figure it out. It will cripple our industry. 
We pass new laws here on the Senate 
floor and on the House floor. What has happened? We have a revolution in automotive technology. We now have people driving around in computers on wheels. The dashboard looks like it is a spaceship. The cars are infinitely more efficient, and we are heading toward 54.5 miles per gallon. What did the ex-perts say 10 years ago? Impossible. We cannot do it. These are the same people who said to President Kennedy that we cannot put a man on the moon in 8 years. President Kennedy said: ‘‘We choose to go to the moon . . . and do other things, not because they are easy, but because they are hard.’’ We are the United States of America. We will invent the new propulsion sys-tems. We will invent the new methods. We will invent all of the things we need so that America dominates the Soviet Union and not the opposite. 
The whole world is looking at this 
generation, this Senate. We have a plan. President Obama has a plan to control emissions coming out of the powerplants of our country. Our plan is one that moves toward renewable en-ergy and away from these smokestacks of CO2 going up into the atmosphere and creating a blanket that holds in the heat and continues to dangerously warm the planet. That is what the greenhouse effect is. It holds in the heat, all of this pollution. 
When we move toward solar, when we 
move toward wind, when we move to-ward geothermal, when we move to-ward all the new technologies, the CO2 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:49 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JY6.028 S29JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6098 July 29, 2015 
is cut radically and the planet is able 
to breathe, and breathe in a way that says to generations to come that we will have left this planet better than it was before. 
That is what the Pope is going to 
come and talk to us about—dangerous climate change. That is what the Pope is going to come and ask the United States—to be the leader and not the lagger, to not allow the deniers of cli-mate change to dominate our debate in the United States of America, to not allow the technologies of the 19th cen-tury dictate to the 21st century. 
Just 18 years ago, a small percentage 
of all Americans had a wireless device in their pocket. Do you want to know why? The experts said it was impos-sible; you can’t do it. Today everyone is walking around with one of these in their pocket, including 700 million peo-ple in Africa. We can do it. 
In Kenya and in Ethiopia, they are 
moving toward geothermal, solar, and wind. They are skipping the landline delivery of telecommunication service in favor of wireless, and they are also skipping the landline system of genera-tional electricity and moving to renew-ables. They are not relying on coal. They are moving on to the new. You can’t eliminate it totally. You need some coal. You need some oil. But we can continue to reduce it year after year. 
What is the plan we hear from the 
Republican Party? How do we reduce the amount of greenhouse gases we are going to be sending into the atmos-phere? What is their plan? They say they don’t like President Obama’s plan. Where is their plan? What are they going to do? What are they going to tell the green generation—all these pages on the floor representing tens of millions across our country? They are asking the question: Where is the plan? How do we do this? How do we solve the problem? How do we invent the new technologies, as we did with wireless technology, and spread it across the planet? How do we do it for climate change as well? That is going to be the essential debate. 
Shruggy says: I am not happy; I am 
sad. 
Where is the Republican emoji? 
Where is the one who says: We can do it; we are America. 
We are not going to allow the rest of 
the world to have a problem from which the United States is going to ex-empt itself because it is the only coun-try that is denying climate change. The Senate has a great responsibility. We have an opportunity to be the glob-al leader. We can save all of creation while engaging in massive job creation here in America. We now have 100,000 clean energy jobs in Massachusetts. It is a big job creator. It is an employer of Americans all across our country. 
We have a chance to do something 
special. We can begin this transition in a much more serious way—away from coal, away from oil, and toward this re-newable solar era of the 21st century. Mr. President, I yield back the re-
mainder of my time. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, man 
made climate change has evolved from a critical threat to an unavoidable re-ality. The reality of climate change has already shown its grim effects on our environment and our health. 
Today, I would like to speak about 
the impacts of climate change on this country’s economic engine: our busi-nesses. As temperatures and sea levels rise and as weather patterns become more severe, the costs of doing busi-ness go up. Droughts and heat waves drive up energy costs and have put in-credible pressure on global food pro-duction. On a warming planet, floods and other natural disasters damage in-frastructure and private property, driv-ing up insurance premiums and in-creasing the cost of doing business. 
All of this creates uncertainty for in-
vestors, who increasingly want to know how climate change will affect the companies in which they invest. American companies are beginning to notice. General Mills’ Chief Sustain-ability Officer Jerry Lynch said, ‘‘The best available science tells us all the changes we are making to the planet as a human species are what’s causing this.’’ Last year, General Mills an-nounced its commitment to increasing sustainability and reducing greenhouse gas emissions in its supply chains. 
Even oil companies realize what is 
happening: ExxonMobil’s William Col-ton, Vice President of Corporate Stra-tegic Planning, said, ‘‘The risk of cli-mate change is clear and the risk war-rants action.’’ ExxonMobil officials subsequently announced the company would put $600 million into algae farms that would turn sunlight into auto-motive fuel. Its new focus shows that corporations across all economic sec-tors are realizing something vital: the negative effects of climate change hurt their bottom line. 
This week, some of America’s largest 
companies such as Apple, Coca-Cola, General Motors, Goldman Sachs, Google, PepsiCo, and Walmart are standing with the Obama Administra-tion to launch the ‘‘American Business Act on Climate Pledge’’. By signing this pledge, companies demonstrate an ongoing commitment to having a cli-mate action plan. The ongoing shift in official corporate climate policies from a burgeoning number of other large and small businesses demonstrates that taking action on climate makes strong economic sense. If these bastions of capitalism can develop and commit to climate action plans, why has not the Republican Party devised its own ac-tion plan? Denial simply will not cut it. 
The involvement of American busi-
nesses in climate policy is a welcome development but they must move even further by disclosing the risks they face from climate change to investors. These risks, which are passed on to shareholders, hit nearly every industry imaginable, from obvious choices like the oil and gas sector, to healthcare 
and financial services and transpor-tation and hospitality. Disclosing cli-mate risk through the Securities & Ex-
change Commission’s, SEC, corporate reporting measures enhances trans-parency and allows investors to make smarter decisions, ultimately pro-tecting and increasing shareholder value. 
As we continue to deplete our scarce 
natural resources and send their harm-ful byproducts back into our air, water and land, the cumulative impacts are changing the world. The rate of this change is accelerating; the status quo is untenable. By providing honest cli-mate risk disclosure and establishing climate action policies to mitigate and reduce that risk, American companies are acting in everyone’s best financial interests. 
Profit-driven corporate superpowers 
like Apple, Coca-Cola, and Walmart are taking concrete steps to reduce the im-pact of climate change. The message they are sending is clear: adapt, or fall behind. Other companies now have the opportunity to join in what American businesses do best: innovating and leading the rest of the world by their example. It is increasingly obvious that taking action to combat climate change is economically prudent. But more important, it is also the morally correct thing to do. I encourage more in the business community to take a stand on the right side of human his-tory. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority whip. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, we are 
continuing to make substantial progress on passing a multiyear high-way bill. Thanks to the developments of the recent day—I guess it was yes-terday—we learned that the House is open to a conference committee to rec-oncile an authorization bill that they will likely take up soon and then to have a conference committee to rec-oncile those differences. Previously we had been told that the House would not take up the Senate bill and was insist-ing on a short-term patch to the De-cember timeframe. I can tell you that I, for one, was reluctant do that be-cause without a clear path forward after December, we would be looking at perhaps not just the 34th patch but the 35th patch and on and on. 
What this country needs is a long- 
term transportation bill, and that is what the Senate will likely pass tomor-row—our own 3-year bill—and then work with our colleagues in the House, as we usually do when the two bodies don’t necessarily agree on everything, to work those out. 
I am thankful that the Members of 
this Chamber recognize how important this legislation is. I have to tell you, coming from Texas—a big, fast-growing State that needs this investment in our infrastructure—this is important for my constituents. 
The highway legislation we are put-
ting forward is actually a 6-year au-thorization, and that is something to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:49 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JY6.030 S29JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6099 July 29, 2015 
be celebrated. As I mentioned, this 
avoids the sorts of temporary patches we have had in the past. 
Although Chairman H
ATCH of the 
Senate Finance Committee came up with enough money—enough pay-fors in the jargon we use around here—to pay for this for 5 years, there was an attempt to work on a bipartisan con-sensus. Since all of those pay-fors were not acceptable to this consensus, we got enough pay-fors to pay for the first 3 years of this 6-year bill. But that doesn’t mean the work will end on try-ing to find a way to, in a fiscally re-sponsible way, pay for the back end of this 6-year bill. 
There is a popular bumper sticker 
found on cars and trucks in Texas. I know people sometimes get a little tired of Texans who are so proud of their State, as I am. But one of those bumper stickers said: ‘‘I wasn’t born in Texas but I got here as fast as I could.’’ Indeed, people have been voting with their feet, coming from parts of the country where, frankly, the policies— whether it is tax or regulatory poli-cies—or just the lack of jobs have caused people to look elsewhere for jobs, for an opportunity to provide for their families and to pursue the Amer-ican dream. 
I have mentioned time and time 
again on this floor that our economy in Texas grew at a rate of 5.2 percent last year. Compare that to the national growth rate, which was 2.2 percent. So something is going on here, and I would argue that what is going on is that the policies that have been ema-nating from Washington, DC, have ac-tually been a restraint or a wet blan-ket on job growth and economic growth. We ought to look to some of the States that have been successful laboratories of democracy for the kinds of policies that actually pay off. I am not just talking about for businesses; I am talking about for workers and fami-lies, particularly when it comes to wages and good jobs. 
My State is a growing, diverse State. 
I know sometimes people are surprised. They know we have a large Hispanic population. Roughly 38 percent of Texas is Hispanic. But Vietnamese is the third most commonly spoken lan-guage in Texas. We have about a quar-ter of a million Vietnamese Americans. We are a very diverse State. Some esti-mates project our State to exceed 50 million people by the year 2050, poten-tially doubling our current population. 
There is no time to lose when it 
comes to maintaining and expanding our transportation networks to meet the rising demands from more people and more vehicles on our roads. That is why this multiyear bill is so impor-tant. 
For example, this legislation would 
help our State focus on improving roadways that impact the daily lives of Texans. That includes many of our interstates, such as Interstate 35. I don’t know how many people in this Chamber have ever tried to drive down Interstate Highway 35 through Austin, 
but it is almost like a parking lot. It runs the length of our State, starting in Laredo, TX, which is the largest in-land port in America, where we have a lot of trucks and a lot of commercial traffic coming across. It starts in La-redo, but it goes through multiple pop-ulation centers, such as San Antonio— my hometown—Austin, and then Dal-las and Fort Worth, which are some of the fastest growing cities in America, before going on to Oklahoma. The interstate is more than 400 miles long in Texas alone, and because of our growth, it is incredibly congested. In fact, 18 segments of the interstate rank in the top 100 most congested roadways across the State. That growth isn’t projected to let up anytime soon. As a matter of fact, it is going to continue at high levels. 
Employment levels in Central Texas 
alone—some of the fastest growing parts of the State—are projected to double or quadruple in the next 30 years. 
We are not afraid of getting bigger. 
We are proud of our size, our growth, and the opportunity that provides to the people of Texas. But passing a long- term, well-funded highway bill be-comes even more important when you come from a State such as mine with the sorts of transportation challenges we have now and will continue to have in the future. 
Building a stronger transportation 
network for a stronger economy means strengthening not only Interstate Highway 35, which I mentioned a minute ago, but also the vast existing networks of other interstates and up-grading routes to higher standards. This is ultimately about public safety. We need to have transportation infra-structure, highways, and interstates that allow people to travel at rel-atively high speeds in a safe way. That is why this is important as well. 
Because we understand the relation-
ship between quality infrastructure and economic success, I introduced an amendment to the highway bill that would help our State connect more ef-ficiently. I appreciate the bill man-agers for letting us take a close look at this and the potential benefit for my State and the transportation network as a whole. 
This amendment will provide for 
much needed improvements to high priority corridors in Texas, such as Interstate Highway 69. Congress first designated future segments of I–69 in Texas nearly 25 years ago, after leaders from the gulf coast region and East Texas said the State needed a new route to increase connectivity between land and sea ports and our existing interstate system. Fortunately, this is also a route that improves emergency evacuation capabilities—something I know the Presiding Officer can appre-ciate coming from Louisiana—and one that delivers an interstate to the Rio Grande Valley, which is the largest population center in the country pre-viously unserved by the Interstate 
Highway System. 
Through years of outreach and public 
engagement—from Brownsville to Tex-arkana—we have identified upgrades and improvements to existing State corridors that could deliver a future I– 69 throughout the State. We have made 
great progress since 2010. More than $1.3 billion has been expended toward corridor improvements throughout Texas, and since 2011, more than 200 miles of I–69 have been added to the Interstate Highway System, including the first segment in South Texas. 
This is still a work in progress, and it 
costs money. Upgrades are needed for more than 1,000 miles of designated roadways to complete it. I am re-minded of what the chairman of the Environment and Public Works Com-mittee, Senator I
NHOFE , has said to me 
privately, which I know he has also said publicly as well, about the impor-tance of infrastructure and the Federal Government’s role. Now, I happen to be one who believes that the Federal Gov-
ernment needs to do a much better job when it comes to prioritizing Federal spending and spending within our means, which the Federal Government has not been doing. But when we talk about priorities and things that only the Federal Government can do that the States and local government can-not do, as Chairman I
NHOFE likes to 
say, there are two things that the Fed-eral Government should do, and that is national defense and infrastructure. He said pretty much everything else is a lower priority item. I think that makes a lot of sense. 
When it comes to spending money, 
that is something that my constituents in Texas are leery of when it comes to the Federal Government. They realize that spending money on our infrastruc-ture and the highway system just makes common sense. So with a multiyear highway bill such as the one before us, we can complete our inter-state, I–69, and that will move us one step closer to reality. As I mentioned a moment ago, these and other mod-ernization efforts also make our roads safer and help with more efficient freight movement, which means our businesses can deliver goods to cus-tomers across the State and through-out the country in a more expeditious fashion. 
I must also point out that this bipar-
tisan bill is fiscally responsible and the pay-fors are not phony pay-fors, which sometimes occurs here in the Congress. It doesn’t increase taxes or add to the deficit. So from my perspective, it is a win-win. 
I encourage all of our colleagues to 
continue reviewing it and to keep in mind the essential role infrastructure plays in our country and in our econ-omy. Our economy, of course, is what produces jobs, and it allows people to find good work and provide for their families and pursue their dreams. 
So far 2015 has been marked by real 
steps forward in this Chamber, includ-ing essential legislation, such as the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JY6.031 S29JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6100 July 29, 2015 
Defense authorization bill and a bill 
that will combat human trafficking. This highway bill continues in the spir-it of accomplishment. Perhaps it is not a grand-slam home run, but I would call them singles and doubles that we have been able to eke out so far this year. This bill will represent another solid accomplishment for the 114th Congress that we can be proud of on a bipartisan basis. 
I encourage all of our colleagues to 
continue the momentum and to get this bill passed soon, hopefully no later than tomorrow. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. CARPER. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. 
E
RNST ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
Mr. CARPER. Madam President, I 
ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
STRENGTHENING OUR ECONOMIC RECOVERY  
Mr. CARPER. Madam President, col-
leagues, I want to hearken back to last November’s election. I thought for some time—and the Presiding Officer has heard me say this once or twice— that for this Senator there are three takeaways from that election. No. 1, the American people want us to work together in the Senate here in Wash-ington; the American people want us to get things done; and most especially, the American people want us to get things done that actually strengthen our economic recovery. 
My own view is that one of the things 
we can do to strengthen our economic recovery is to increase exports. We work very hard in this Chamber, in the Senate and with the House and the President, to try to pave the way to create a large new trading block con-sisting of the United States and 11 other countries which, when put to-gether, comprise about 40 percent of the world’s customers. This is the trad-ing block we call the Trans-Pacific Partnership. It is something that is sought by the President and is sup-ported by myself, by Democrats, and by Republicans, and it is still being ne-gotiated. But it is an important part in growing and strengthening our eco-nomic recovery. 
One of the other related areas is how 
do we finance exports. One of the ways we have done that for years in this country is through the Export-Import Bank. We have reached a point where the authorization of the Export-Import Bank has expired. The legislation that has passed the Senate would renew that authorization, and my hope is that when we finally find our way through the transportation gauntlet, we will also reauthorize the Export-Im-port Bank to again make available fi-
nancing for business—not for every business large and small, but for quite a few. Other nations with whom we compete help finance their exports, and for us not to do the same puts us at a competitive disadvantage. 
Another thing we can do to strength-
en our economic recovery is to better protect our international property—re-
search and development—whether it is from cyber security attacks, data breaches, or whether it is through sim-ply the way we combat patent trolling. Folks come up with ideas and they are delayed. They end up in court, and re-search and development is stymied in some cases as a result of all that. 
We have worked in the Environment 
and Public Works Committee for years now on something called the Tax Ex-ceptions Control Act which provides predictability and certainty for busi-nesses, especially in the chemical in-dustry, but also at the same time works to protect our health as human beings, especially among the most vul-nerable—the young, the old—and at the same time it is good for the environ-ment. That legislation may be coming before us as soon as next week. 
Many of us have sought to provide 
some certainty for businesses on the tax side through international tax re-form, which is an idea supported by the President, by the House Republican and Democratic leadership, and by the Finance Committee working group led by Senators P
ORTMAN and S CHUMER . It 
is not comprehensive tax reform, but it is a big piece of it that at least pro-vides some certainty and predictability and would also provide, frankly, a cou-ple hundred billion dollars over the next 10 years to be used for roads, high-ways, bridges, transit, rail, and so forth. 
The last thing I will mention in 
terms of strengthening our economic recovery is transportation. There is an outfit called McKinsey which is a major consulting company. They have something called the McKinsey Global Institute. Not long ago they reported that if we were to make the kind of ro-bust investment in infrastructure sought by the President and supported by House Republican and Democratic leadership, and supported by our bipar-tisan working group on the Finance Committee—if we were actually to do that, we would grow, according to McKinsey’s employment estimates, by as much as 1.5 million jobs over the next several years. A lot of these jobs are for people who are either not work-ing or are working part-time. They would like to build something or re-build something, and they could work on highways, bridges, our transit sys-tems, and so forth. The folks at the McKinsey Global Institute go even fur-ther to say that if we were to make this kind of robust investment in transportation at large, we would not only put a lot of people back to work, but we would grow our GDP by as much as 1.5 percent. That may not sound like a lot, but I think our GDP 
growth in the first quarter was zero. We struggled through a tough winter. It has bounced back nicely in the sec-ond quarter, but it is still only 2.5 per-cent. The idea of being able to add 1.5 percent to that would give us a 4-per-cent GDP growth, and that is as strong as we have seen in a while. It would 
translate into a lot more jobs for peo-ple other than just building highways, bridges, and roads in our country. 
I have been asked, why would our 
GDP grow so much by making these in-vestments in transportation? In one of several meetings I have had with indus-try groups, someone from a company said: We move a lot of our products overseas in order to sell our products. We don’t export by air, but by ship. Most of the exports leaving this coun-try go by way of ship. He went on to say: We send our products to ports and we have a narrow window of time. In his particular case it was a timeframe of 4 hours. The ships coming into this particular port needed to pick up their goods and products within 4 hours. He said if they met that window, they were good. If they missed that window, they were not good. As it turns out, there are enormous delays in moving not just people in this country but in moving products and freight. 
One of the great things about the En-
vironment and Public Works Commit-tee’s 6-year transportation reauthor-ization legislation was a freight provi-sion. I give a lot of credit to Senators B
OXER and I NHOFE for including—we 
were among the people who strongly recommended it—a strong freight pro-vision in the Transportation bill in order to help grow GDP to help grow jobs. 
As it turns out, part of the reason 
why it is difficult to get anything done around here on transportation is the issue of how we are going to pay for all these investments, although I have ref-erenced some pretty good ideas. I men-tioned one. One of the reasons it is dif-ficult to pass legislation through is that multiple committees have juris-diction over transportation. The Envi-ronment and Public Works Committee in which I serve is led by Senators I
NHOFE and B OXER . We have jurisdic-
tion over roads, highways, and bridges. That is a big piece of our transpor-tation system, but it is not all of it. The Banking Committee has jurisdic-tion over transit, which is significant. The Commerce Committee has jurisdic-tion over freight rail and interstate passenger rail and jurisdiction over safety in a lot of instances. They also have jurisdiction over a fair amount of what happens in the air for our coun-try. Then the Finance Committee, which I am also privileged to serve on—which is called the Ways and Means Committee in the House—is heavily involved in how to pay for all the improvements we need to make— and how badly we need to make them. 
As it turns out, there are some folks 
who actually study the amount of time 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JY6.037 S29JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6101 July 29, 2015 
that we are delayed either sitting in 
traffic or moving very slowly in this country. The folks at Texas A&M put out an annual report on congestion in our country. They found the average U.S. commuter wastes 38 hours every year because of traffic congestion. There is an industry group that has something called The Road Informa-tion Program. They estimate the aver-age driver in the United States pays $377 each year in additional vehicle costs as a result of poor road condi-tions. The World Bank, in a related re-port, has found that when a road is al-lowed to deteriorate from good to poor, each dollar we fail to invest in road 
maintenance will increase vehicle oper-ating costs by between $2 and $3. So among the many reasons we want to make these investments is No. 1, to grow employment for the many folks who are actually building and working on these projects—a lot of people. We want to grow our gross domestic prod-uct. We want to reduce the amount of time spent sitting in traffic or trav-eling very slowly in traffic. The 38 hours wasted in congestion are hours we lose in our lives every year. Lastly, we want to reduce the amount of money we spend on our own vehicles. 
I know my own vehicle, my Chrysler 
Town and Country minivan, went over 400,000 miles this week as we were driv-ing in from Delaware the day before last. We were coming across the Chesa-peake Bay Bridge last week when it topped out at 400,000 miles. Along the way people have asked: How do you get a vehicle to go that many years and that far? I tell them that every other week we wash it. That is pretty much all I do. Well, I actually do a lot more than that. I have replaced a lot of tires. There are a lot of potholes, causing a lot of realignments, and it adds up. The average is almost $377 a year, but the money adds up for us as it does for other people as well. 
I mentioned earlier that the Environ-
ment and Public Works Committee has jurisdiction over roads, highways, and bridges. The commerce committee has jurisdiction over ground transpor-tation, including freight rail, passenger rail, and air; the banking committee has jurisdiction over transit; and the Finance Committee has jurisdiction over finance and how we actually fi-nance these investments. That is one of the reasons it is difficult to put a pack-age together with all the different pieces to find common ground and to come to an agreement on how to fund it. 
One of the other difficulties is—and I 
am not a huge advocate of earmarks, but one of the reasons people were will-ing to vote year after year, decade after decade, for a 6-year transpor-tation bill was because they could point to certain specific provisions in the Transportation bill which helped their congressional district or their State. It is more difficult now for a representative or Senator to say these are the specific provisions that are good for my State or my district, and 
this is one of the reasons why I am sup-porting this legislation. It doesn’t mean we ought to go back to earmarks, but it is one of the reasons why it is harder to build a super majority to move legislation like this through the Senate. 
So where are we? The House has 
passed legislation that says for the next 3 months we are going to fund transportation projects in this coun-try—roads, highways, bridges, and transit. They have outlined a couple of ways to pay for that. They do not have enough money to pay for projects over the next 5 months. They have author-ized the actual construction of those projects for the next 3 months. That is their bill, and I think they have pretty much passed it and said, kind of, take it or leave it. Previously, they said they wanted to extend for 5 months the authorization and the appropriations for roads, highways, bridges, and tran-sit until sometime in December to give us time between now and December to come to agreement on the administra-tion’s earlier idea embraced by House Democratic and Republican leadership and embraced by the working group in the Senate Finance Committee about international tax reform, which some would deem repatriation. 
We passed out of here today a dif-
ferent plan that I do not support but a plan that would appear to authorize projects for a 6-year transportation bill. As it turns out, the money is good for maybe 3 years, not for 6. It comes from a lot of different sources, some that I would deem inappropriate. Oth-ers may differ with that. It is not the way I think we should do business, but it is the way we have done business. 
We passed a bill. We have different 
perspectives as to what we ought to do. My expectation is that the Senate will agree with the House-passed bill and we will, in the meantime, go back to the drawing board. One of the things that I think has value in the House- passed bill is it sets the stage for us to get serious about the administration’s proposal, again embraced by the House Democratic and Republican leadership, and by our bipartisan working group in the Finance Committee. It gives us time to actually find out if we can do that. 
There are some people who don’t like 
that idea. Some people in pretty power-ful positions around here don’t like that idea, but there are others in equally high positions who think that is a very good idea. Among the benefits that it would provide—it doesn’t ad-dress our transportation needs forever, but it certainly would provide a lot of money for the next 6 years. 
Why might that be a good idea? I 
think ultimately—and while for years we have used user fees, gas taxes, diesel taxes, to fund most of our road con-struction at the national level and for our road repairs—to be honest with you, over time, our cars, trucks, and vans have been more energy efficient. My Chrysler minivan that I men-
tioned earlier gets about 24 miles per gallon on the highway, but there are vehicles today, including minivans, in-cluding trucks, that do a whole lot bet-ter than that. We have smaller pas-senger cars that routinely get 40 and even 50 miles to the gallon. To say that the diesel tax and the gas tax are for-ever the sole solution is probably not realistic. We have some vehicles on the road that are pretty much all electric. They do not buy any gas. They do not buy any diesel fuel. When they need a refill, they pull up and recharge their batteries. We have some folks who buy vehicles that are powered by fuel cells. They run on hydrogen or natural gas, methane. 
So given the changing mix in the way 
we move ourselves and goods and serv-ices around the country, that sole reli-ance on user fees, by a gas tax and die-sel tax, forever is not a good idea. 
Among the other ideas that are out 
there is tolling. People who come through my State on I–95 pay a toll. A lot of them use E-ZPass. They can go through our State on the highway using E-ZPass so they don’t have to sit in line and wait. Their credit card ac-counts get charged for their travel. We have a similar kind of arrangement on State Route 1, where a lot of people come through our State from I–95 head-ing south to our beaches or to Dover Air Force Base. We have highway-speed E-ZPass there too. So tolling is part of the future. 
Another idea that is being experi-
mented with by the States—it is re-ferred to in different ways—but I think of it as vehicle miles traveled. Is there a way we can actually figure out how much, in terms of a true user—how many miles we are actually traveling in our vehicles and assess some kind of fee at the Federal level or maybe at the State level on those who are driving cars, trucks, and vans. 
Folks in Oregon have been working 
on this the longest. I think they start-ed this effort about 10 years ago. They call it a road user charge. That is an-other way of saying vehicle miles trav-eled. I think at the end of the day—not the end of the day but in 10, 15, 20 years, we will have figured out how to actually do vehicle miles traveled/road user charges in a cost-effective way that is protective of people’s rights to privacy. 
The other area that I think we will 
do a better job in is tolling, moving to more things like the highway-speed E- ZPass, so people who want to use a par-ticular road will pay a toll and do so in a way that still expedites movement of traffic as we do through highway-speed E-ZPass. Having said that, if we are unable to come to an agreement at the end of this year, if we are unable to come to an agreement on some kind of international tax reform, the idea of using a lot of cats and dogs to fund transportation improvements for the next 2 or 3 years—I don’t think that is a good outcome. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JY6.039 S29JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6102 July 29, 2015 
I am not a Congress of one. If I were, 
I would go back and say we should look at—at least for the next 6 years—user fees. We have been using user fees or taxing gas and diesel for a long time to provide for most of the Federal share for these transportation construction projects and improvements. I think the last time we raised the Federal gas tax was 1993. We raised it to 18.3 cents per gallon. We raised, at the same time, the diesel taxes to 24.3 cents per gallon. We have not raised either of those for over 22 years. Since that time, the cost of asphalt, the cost of concrete, the cost of labor, the cost of steel have all gone up, but the user fees, the gas tax and diesel tax, have not gone up at all. 
George Voinovich—former Governor, 
former U.S. Senator—and I worked to-gether about 5 or 6 years on the Bowles-Simpson Commission to sug-gest an increase in the gas and diesel tax by a penny every quarter, by a penny every 3 months, for about 15 quarters. We were roughly saying 3 or 4 cents a year for 4 years and then index the gas tax after that to the rate of in-flation so we did not have to come back and re-address it every year or every 2 or 3 or 4 years. 
That is an idea that was actually 
adopted in the Bowles-Simpson report, but much of what the Bowles-Simpson report included has not been enacted. One of the things I am going to be doing—and I hope colleagues in the House as well as in the Senate—in the next day or two is introducing an in-crease in the gas and diesel tax of 4 cents a year for the next 4 years—that will be 16 cents over the next 4 years— and then indexing the gas tax and die-sel tax to the rate of inflation. 
What would that cost the average 
family, the average driver in this coun-try? On a weekly basis, it would be about $2, actually less than $2. I don’t know what people pay for a cup of cof-fee, but I am told you can buy—I bought a cup of coffee today for $1.70. Some people buy it for less. Some peo-ple buy it for $2 or more. But for rough-ly a cup of coffee a week, we could have better roads, highways, bridges—a whole lot better. 
By doing that, we would raise, over 
the next 10 years, $180 billion, maybe even more, to be able to provide for our construction needs, roads, highways, bridges, and transit. We have the sys-tem in place. We know how to do it. The price of gasoline—I bought gas the other day in Central Delaware, in Dover. I paid $2.53 a gallon. It was down by about 20 cents over the last month. If the Iran deal actually goes through and is approved, the Iranians are ex-pected to add to a world already awash in oil. So the price of oil is coming down. The Iranians would add, I am told, about another half billion barrels of oil to the marketplace and probably continue to push down the price of oil. 
I ask us to keep that in mind. Some 
people say we will never be able to get the votes for an increase in the gas or diesel tax, even if it is phased in for 4 cents a year for 4 years. But there were 
six States last year across the coun-try—most of them with Republican Governors and Republican legisla-tures—that did something like this. They did not raise the gas tax by $1 or 50 cents or even 25 cents, but they raised it, in some cases, over several years. 
The question is, Can State legislators 
or Members of the Congress actually vote to meet our transportation needs? Can they actually vote for this stuff and get reelected? As it turns out, 95 percent of the Republicans in these six States and State legislatures—95 per-cent of the Republican legislators who voted for these user fee increases won their primaries last year and they won their generals. They were reelected. 
Among the Democrats who voted in 
those six States last year to raise user fees, 90 percent of them won their pri-maries, they won the general election. They were reelected. For people who say you cannot vote to do a tough thing and still get reelected, I would just say look at those six States from last year. Other States are going to fol-low in those footsteps this year as well. 
So the long term—I will wrap it up at 
this point in time. I see Senator G
RASSLEY is on the floor. But long 
term, the worst option is to do nothing. The worst option is to do nothing. I have a glass of water here. I am going to ask the pages to bring me a couple more glasses, just empty glasses, if they will quickly. Senator G
RASSLEY is 
waiting to talk. Bear with me. This is show-and-tell on the Senate floor. I don’t think this is against the rules, but if it is, maybe the Presiding Officer will cut me a break. 
We will say this glass of water that is 
sitting right here is world capital mar-kets, a lot of money, trillions of dol-lars. Some of it is from sovereign na-tions, some of it is from trust funds, pension funds, and so forth. This glass is empty. This is the U.S. transpor-tation trust fund. It is empty. 
When we run out of money and we 
don’t raise taxes or revenues to fill it, we turn to the general fund. We say let’s take money out of the general fund and put some of it into the trans-portation trust fund. This glass is empty too. Our debt is down, our def-icit is down—our debt is not down—our deficit is down, but we still are running a big deficit. There is no money in the general fund to refill the transpor-tation trust fund these days. 
So what we do is we go out into the 
world capital markets—here, where there is a lot of money—and we borrow. We sell Treasury securities. So as it turns out, one of the best buyers for those Treasury securities is China. So we ask China: How about buying some of our Treasury securities? They do. Then when the Chinese turn around and start pushing around the Viet-namese or the Filipinos in the South China Sea, around the Spratly Islands and places I used to fly as a naval flight officer years ago—when the Chi-nese—and I don’t think they are doing 
this so much anymore, but they manip-ulate their currency. 
When the Chinese are trying to 
maybe dump some of their products in this country illegally and we say you can’t do that, China, you can’t do that, for the Chinese, it is very easy to say I thought you wanted to borrow money, and it puts us in a very awkward posi-tion as a nation. 
If things are worth having, they are 
worth paying for. I don’t think the pay- fors that were used in the—not the 6- year authorization bill that passed here—the Transportation bill is really a 3-year. I don’t think the idea of tak-ing money away from Customs fees and different other sources to use for pur-poses for which it was never intended— for transportation purposes—I don’t think that is the way to do this. 
The good news is this: The House is 
in one place, the Senate is in another. We have several months to figure this out. I hope we use these several months to drill down real hard on the idea of international tax reform, the deemed repatriation, which will provide hun-dreds of millions of dollars for trans-portation over the next 6 years. If that does not work, I want us to look at some other alternatives. The worst al-ternative is to get to December and say: Well, let’s just borrow some more money or let’s come up with some cats and dogs and patch this and kick the can down the road again. 
So I am going to work very hard as a 
member of the Finance Committee on the international tax reform piece. I know Senator G
RASSLEY , if I am not 
mistaken, is the senior Republican on the Finance Committee and somebody who is a key participant in trying to find common ground. He is good at that. I look forward to working with him on that. 
I will close with this. To me, the 
message from the American people in the elections from last November was threefold: People want us to work to-gether. They want us to get important things done, and among the most im-portant is to further strengthen an al-ready strengthening economy. A big piece of that can be transportation. The American people expect us to make tough decisions. This is a tough negotiation, but it is one we have to 
have. We have to have a good outcome in the end. 
With that, I thank my friend from 
Iowa for his patience. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Iowa. 
FALSE CLAIMS ACT  
Mr. GRASSLEY. Madam President, I 
often come to the floor to honor whis-tleblowers but more importantly to talk about their very important role in making government function. 
On July 30, 1778, the Continental Con-
gress passed the very first whistle-blower law in the United States. It read: 
[I]t is the duty of all persons in the service 
of the United States . . . to give the earliest 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JY6.040 S29JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6103 July 29, 2015 
information to Congress or other proper au-
thority of any misconduct, frauds or mis-demeanors committed by any officers or per-sons in the service of these states, which may come to their knowledge. 
Probably for the last 6, 7 years, I 
have been referring to this around the time of July 30. 
Going back to 1778, we have had rec-
ognition of the important role whistle-blowers can play in making sure gov-ernment is responsible. Whistleblowers have always been crucial in helping Congress and the Federal Government root out fraud and misconduct. 
It is simple common sense to reward 
and protect whistleblowers who report waste of taxpayers’ money, fraudulent use of taxpayers’ money, and outright simple abuse. The False Claims Act does that. In fiscal year 2014 alone, the Federal Government recovered nearly $6 billion under the False Claims Act. That makes more than $22 billion since January 2009 and more than $42 billion since I got the legislation passed in 1986. These recoveries represent vic-tories across a wide array of industries and government programs. Those pro-grams include mortgage insurance, Federal student aid, Medicare and Med-icaid, as well as defense contracts. 
The Department of Justice credits 
whistleblowers for their important role in the success, for the money that has come back to the Federal Treasury, and for the carrying out of the False Claims Act. According to the Justice Department, whistleblowers accounted for $3 billion in recoveries under that act in just fiscal year 2014. In fact, over 80 percent of False Claims Act cases are initiated by whistleblowers. 
Clearly, the False Claims Act is 
working very well. Of course, the act has no shortage of critics—typically in the groups where you find perpetrators of fraud. But we have learned our les-son that a weak False Claims Act is not in the taxpayers’ best interests. 
In 1943, Congress bowed to the pres-
sure to undo the act’s crucial qui tam provisions. Amendments passed in that era of World War II barred actions where the government already had knowledge of fraud. The result was to block nearly all private actions. Con-gress assumed—and now we can say as-sumed wrongly—that the Justice De-partment could do a good job pros-ecuting fraud all by itself. As I said, they were wrong. Between 1943 and 1986, when the False Claims Act was amended, fraud against the govern-ment skyrocketed. Most of those ac-cused went unpunished. 
A 1981 report by the Government Ac-
countability Office said: 
For those who are caught committing 
fraud, the chances of being prosecuted and eventually going to jail are slim. . . . The sad truth is that crime against the Govern-ment often does pay. 
So in 1986 I coauthored much needed 
amendments to the False Claims Act. The 1986 amendments once again gave citizens the ability to help the govern-ment go after fraud in a meaningful way. For example, the amendments 
provided protection for whistleblowers and eliminated the impossible govern-ment knowledge bar. Essentially, a re-lator’s suit was only barred where the fraud had been publicly disclosed. The amendments also clarified that the act covers false claims made not just di-rectly to a government agency; it also covers fraud against grantees, States, and other recipients of Federal funds, whether or not the fund obligation is fixed. 
These provisions and others were in-
tended to give the False Claims Act teeth again, and they did. However, as happens with a lot of legislation Con-gress passes, the courts chipped away at the heart of the False Claims Act and ignored the intent of Congress. The assault on the act came to a head in the Supreme Court’s erroneous opin-ions in the well-known cases of Allison Engine and Totten. The Court held that the act required proof of intent that the government itself pay a claim and that a claim is presented directly to the government. 
The problem with that logic is it cre-
ates a loophole big enough to drive a truck through. A third party paid with government money would get away with fraud because a contractor, not the government agency, paid the claim. So in 2009 we passed the Fraud Enforce-ment and Recovery Act and made very clear that was not consistent with the original intent of the 1986 False Claims Act. The act reaches false claims for government money or property, wheth-er or not the wrongdoer deals directly with the Federal Government. It was never the intent of Congress to give a free pass to subcontractors or other parties receiving government funds. In fact, those folks are some of the big-gest perpetrators of fraud today. 
The inspector general for the Depart-
ment of Health and Human Services has reported a 134-percent increase in complaints against Medicare Part D in just the last 5 years. By not stopping fraud against programs such as Medi-care Part D, the government is hem-orrhaging funds. Taxpayer money is taxpayer money. Fraud does not magi-cally become OK just because a third party is involved. 
Of course, the issue of presentment 
to government officials is not the only sticking point. There has been pushback in courts and from lobbyists about all sorts of issues, such as the ‘‘public disclosure bar,’’ settlement practices, and award shares for rela-tors. Through it all, Congress has had to stay vigilant in keeping courts and Federal agencies generally true to our original legislative intent. 
As an example, just recently the Jus-
tice Department tried to minimize a relator award in a Medicare and Med-icaid fraud case. The relator contrib-uted significantly to the case. The judge recognized that Congress in-tended that ‘‘the only measuring stick’’ for an award is ‘‘the contribu-tion of the relator.’’ Those are the words the judge use, and that judge was 
right. 
Congress intended to empower, to 
protect, and to reward relators who identify fraud against the taxpayers. History teaches us that weakening the relator’s rights weakens the govern-ment’s ability to fight fraud. All that does is let wrongdoers off the hook, and it costs the taxpayers money. That is not the result we intended with the False Claims Act. And the Continental Congress, which was so concerned about identifying misconduct, fraud, and misdemeanors, would not have wanted those results I just talked about. 
I want to remind my colleagues to 
stand strong for the effective tool that we have to combat fraud. 
I yield the floor. Mr. ENZI. I suggest the absence of a 
quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The bill clerk proceeded to call the 
roll. 
Mr. BROWN. Madam President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
50TH ANNIVERSARY OF MEDICARE  
Mr. BROWN. Madam President, I re-
mind my colleagues that tomorrow marks the 50th anniversary of Presi-dent Johnson traveling to Independ-ence, MO, to be with President Tru-man, who in the 1940s had attempted to push through Congress legislation to expand the Social Security Act to in-clude what we now call Medicare. When President Johnson went to Independ-ence, MO, he signed the legislation. 
The one we pay the most attention to 
is Medicare, which is health care for the elderly, but probably equally im-portant and certainly very significant is the creation of Medicaid. Medicaid came out of several years of congres-sional debate where Congress under-stood that low-income people—espe-cially low-income people who were working—didn’t have insurance. It was for people who were poor, people in nursing homes, and it evolved for elder-ly people. Most of the money in Med-icaid goes to take care of the elderly in nursing homes, and it has had such an impact on their lives. 
But think about what Medicare has 
done. Prior to 1965, this social insur-ance program—this program we call Medicare today—provided health care to almost every senior. Prior to 1965, only about half of the senior citizens in the United States of America had health insurance—only about half. Huge numbers of the elderly lived in poverty. They lived in poverty partly because for a whole host of reasons they couldn’t save enough and Social Security wasn’t quite enough. Many lived in poverty because of their health care costs. They would go to the doctor and have to pay out of pocket. They barely could afford that and sometimes couldn’t afford that. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JY6.042 S29JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6104 July 29, 2015 
So what Medicare does is it provides 
50 million seniors today with health in-surance. It wasn’t easy. A majority of Republicans in the House and the Sen-ate opposed the creation of Medicare. The John Birch Society—we know it today as the tea party—the John Birch Society in those days opposed the cre-ation of Medicare. Insurance interests and the medical interests opposed Medicare. It was a huge struggle. As I said, a majority of Republicans voted against the creation of Medicare. Just like the Affordable Care Act—Repub-licans didn’t like the Affordable Care Act and don’t like the Affordable Care Act today. Republicans didn’t like Medicare a generation and a half ago and opposed it. Bob Dole—then Con-gressman Dole, later Senator Dole, later Presidential candidate, Repub-lican nominee Dole—bragged about op-posing Medicare, saying it wouldn’t work. He bragged about that for a cou-ple of decades after it took effect. But we know social insurance works. 
What is social insurance? Social in-
surance is where everybody pays into something. Whether it is Social Secu-rity, whether it is unemployment in-surance, whether it is Medicare, people pay into a government program of some kind, and then when they need it, they get assistance. You pay into So-cial Security. If you become disabled, you get a benefit. Once you retire, you get a benefit. You paid into it. It is called social insurance. 
You pay into Medicare all your work-
ing life, but when you turn 65, you re-ceive a Medicare benefit. You get health insurance; you get hospitaliza-tion; you get a doctor’s benefit. 
You pay into unemployment insur-
ance, which is another kind of social insurance. When you get laid off, you get assistance so you can continue to feed your family and go on with not as good a lifestyle but at least you will have enough to get along. That is why social insurance matters. 
What is troubling about all of this is 
there are still people in this country— particularly conservative Repub-licans—who just don’t like social insur-ance. They don’t like Social Security. They don’t like unemployment insur-ance. They don’t like Medicare. They will tell you they do. Very few politi-cians running for office say they don’t like Medicare. But we know that be-cause if, in fact, they get elected, we know what they do when they are in of-fice. They try to privatize Social Secu-rity, as President Bush did. They try to voucherize Medicare, as the Republican Vice Presidential nominee in 2012, P
AULRYAN, tried to do. And we know 
what so many Republicans—conserv-atives, the most conservative Repub-licans—thought about unemployment insurance when they tried to cut it back, when they tried to weaken it, and when they tried to undercut it. 
So while government isn’t close to 
solving all of our problems, social in-surance sets a safety net that protects the public. It protects you in your old age with Medicare. It protects you if 
you are disabled with Social Security. It protects you if you are laid off with unemployment insurance. 
That is why, when people hear my 
colleagues—particularly, again, the most conservative Republicans, who have never supported these programs— go after these programs, understand what privatization means and under-stand what vouchers mean. It means shifting costs of health care to seniors instead of this program taking care of those seniors. It means privatizing So-cial Security. 
In my State of Ohio, half of the sen-
ior citizens rely on Social Security for more than half of their income. So think what would have happened if a decade and a half ago President Bush had actually been successful in trying to turn Social Security over to Wall Street, which is what he wanted to do. If he had been successful in turning So-cial Security over to Wall Street, think what would have happened to people’s Social Security checks in 2007, in 2008, in 2009, in 2010, and in 2011, when the bottom fell out of Wall Street and our financial systems. That is why these social systems are so important. 
That is why tomorrow, when we com-
memorate the 50th anniversary of President Johnson traveling to Inde-pendence, MO, to the home of Presi-dent Truman and his signing the Medi-care bill, and how much it has meant to generation after generation—my parents, my grandparents, and the par-ents and grandparents of so many of us in this body and in the gallery—that matters so much to us. 
So I wanted to stop by the floor to 
say happy birthday to Medicare—happy 50th birthday. We want to see another 50 years where Medicare makes a huge difference in the lives of so many Americans. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
T
ILLIS ). The clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I rise in 
support of the multiyear surface trans-portation bill before the Senate. The current authorization is set to expire this Friday when the highway trust fund will be depleted to levels that can no longer fully reimburse States for construction that has already been completed. Unfortunately, it looks as though we are going to have yet an-other short-term extension, rather than immediately enacting a longer term bill, as the House of Representa-tives is preparing to send the Senate a 3-month extension. 
This is a critical time of year for 
many States, particularly for my home State of Maine, where peak construc-tion work occurs during a very short construction season. It would be irre-sponsible for Congress not to pass a bi-
partisan bill this week and keep those projects moving forward. 
I hope this fall we will finally be able 
to come together with our colleagues in the House to send to the President a multiyear surface transportation bill. 
The State of Maine currently re-
ceives $170 million of Federal highway funds annually, and the Maine Depart-ment of Transportation needs and obli-gates every single dollar. Under the multiyear bill before the Senate, Maine would do even better and would receive nearly $190 million the first year, in-creasing to nearly $215 million. The legislation before us also prioritizes bridge reconstruction and safety. This funding is critical, as 364 of Maine’s bridges have been rated as structurally deficient. 
The commissioner of Maine’s Depart-
ment of Transportation tells me that if the highway trust fund is not fixed by July 31, the department will have to stop construction projects midstream within weeks. This would be dev-astating for the State’s economy, for the people employed in these well-pay-ing construction jobs, and for the transportation infrastructure in des-perate need of repair and rehabilita-tion. 
The lack of consistent multiyear 
funding for the highway trust fund makes it so difficult for States to plan, causes construction companies to delay hiring workers, and costs the govern-ment more in the long run due to the uncertainty of funding. According to the American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials, the States of Arkansas, Georgia, Ten-nessee, Utah, and Wyoming are among those that have already postponed bid-ding on major transportation projects due to the uncertainty of Federal fund-ing. 
While I feel I have no choice but to 
support a short-term patch to prevent the highway trust fund from expiring later this week, this short-term ap-proach is not the answer. It needs to stop being the norm. It epitomizes Congress’s failure to govern sensibly— to govern in a cost-effective way, to govern in a way that allows for the cre-ation of good jobs in this country, and the renovation, repair, and rehabilita-tion of our vital transportation sys-tem. 
We in the Senate have the oppor-
tunity to pass a multiyear surface transportation bill that reauthorizes our highways, transit, rail, and safety programs, while keeping the highway trust fund solvent for the next 3 years. This legislation gives State depart-ments of transportation the certainty they need to continue planning, invest-ing, and constructing thousands of highway and infrastructure projects that the entire Nation relies upon. These investments create jobs, boost our Nation’s economy, and keep us competitive in the global marketplace. 
The legislation maintains the Fed-
eral-aid highway formula program 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JY6.043 S29JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6105 July 29, 2015 
structure. This funding is not only cru-
cial for building new highways and bridges but also to maintain and repair our Nation’s crumbling infrastructure, including, as I mentioned, the thou-sands of deficient bridges across the Nation. 
With the consideration of this impor-
tant bill, we are one step further to re-sponsible investments, steady invest-ments in infrastructure that millions of Americans count on every day. That is why I am so disappointed that in-stead we will do yet another short- term patch. We need to get away from that method of funding the highway trust fund. 
I also wish to highlight today the im-
portance of the national infrastructure investment grants, otherwise known as the TIGER program. While this pro-gram was not included in the under-lying bill, Senators M
URRAY , REED, and 
I have filed an amendment, along with Senators C
OCHRAN , SHELBY , and others, 
that would authorize this highly suc-cessful TIGER grant program. This program has been such an effective ini-tiative. It has helped to advance crit-ical transportation infrastructure projects across our great country. It is one of the most flexible transportation programs in which State and local au-thorities can apply for funding. Every Senator here has seen firsthand how TIGER projects create good jobs and support economic growth in our home States. The program has supported highway, bridge, port, rail, and transit projects from this highly competitive program. 
In fact, let me give my colleagues 
some idea of the demand for the TIGER grants. To date, the TIGER program has received a total of $4.6 billion through appropriations from fiscal year 2009 through 2015, awarding 342 projects in all 50 States. Here is how many applications were submitted. Re-member that 342 projects were actually funded. There were 6,700 applications that were received by the Department, totaling nearly $134 billion in funding requests. So my colleagues can see that the pent-up demand is just enormous. This demonstrates how oversubscribed the TIGER program is and how much it is needed by our State and local gov-ernments. I have received numerous letters of support for our amendment, some of which include Transportation for America and more than 150 elected officials, State departments of trans-portation, metropolitan planning orga-nizations, and chambers of commerce. You name it; they have endorsed our amendment to authorize this impor-tant program. 
This is just one of the many ways my 
colleagues and I would like to work to improve this bipartisan bill. Our TIGER grant amendment is widely sup-ported on both sides of the aisle, and I believe it would pass were we able to get a vote. 
It has been a privilege to work very 
closely with my colleagues, Senator M
URRAY and Senator R EED, both of whom I have worked with on the trans-
portation-HUD subcommittee of the Appropriations Committee, as well as Republicans such as Senator C
OCHRAN  
and Senator S HELBY at the full com-
mittee level on this program. But, most of all, it is important that we act and act quickly to pass a multiyear surface transportation bill that will create jobs and on which our country can depend. 
Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
B
OOZMAN ). 
The Senator from Washington. 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I am 
delighted to join the Senator from Maine on the floor today to speak about this critical infrastructure pro-gram called TIGER. She and I have worked together for many years on transportation infrastructure, and I so appreciate her leadership and her tre-mendous enthusiasm in making sure that our country does the right thing. It is a delight to be here today with her, as well as with my colleague from Rhode Island, who is now the ranking member on the transportation appro-priations subcommittee. I thank them both for coming to the floor to speak about a program that we created sev-eral years ago and that has been so ef-fective. 
We all know that investing in our 
Nation’s infrastructure is a critical part of broad-based and long-term eco-nomic growth. As we can see today, this is not a partisan issue. Democrats and Republicans agree that infrastruc-ture investments get workers back on the job, help our economy grow in com-munities across this country, and make sure our transportation systems work in a 21st century economy. That is why I am so proud to be a strong supporter of this bipartisan amend-ment that we are offering today. It has 29 cosponsors from both sides of the aisle. What it does is it continues the popular competitive grant program known as TIGER. 
TIGER grants have made an impact 
in every corner of this country, and they represent exactly the type of in-vestment our country should be mak-ing—addressing our Nation’s short- term and long-term transportation issues while creating good-paying jobs—American jobs, I would add—and working to grow our economy from the middle out, not just the top down. 
We have all seen firsthand the dif-
ference the TIGER program can make in our States. So that is why I fought, along with my colleagues, to get this amendment included in the final Transportation bill. 
Since its creation, TIGER has award-
ed $4.1 billion directly to communities to support more than 340 innovative, multimodal projects in every State. For example, TIGER grants are in-creasing the flow of commerce and trade between Maine and New Hamp-shire because of improvements to the Memorial Bridge. In New Mexico, TIGER grants are being used to make 
critical safety improvements to a major trucking route where the fatal-ity rate has been more than three times the State average. In my home State of Washington, $204 million has gone to 13 critical infrastructure projects across my State, from Seattle to Spokane to Vancouver. 
Demand for TIGER funding is in-
tense. Applications always exceed the amount of funding available, some-times by as much as 20 to 1. It is clear that we can and should be doing so much more to help communities carry out these projects that make our trans-portation system safer and more effi-cient. 
Though we hit some unfortunate and 
unnecessary barriers in passing the TIGER amendment, I know that Sen-ator C
OLLINS and Senator R EED are 
going to continue fighting along with me to support this critical program. I hope more of our colleagues will join with us in boosting regional economies and in improving our Nation’s infra-structure, because this type of program is so important to our States and our local agencies as they work to tackle the complex transportation needs of our communities. 
Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island. 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, let me 
begin by commending Senator C
OLLINS  
and Senator M URRAY for their extraor-
dinary leadership on this TIGER pro-gram in particular but in so many dif-ferent aspects, particularly with re-spect to transportation policy. They have done an extraordinary job, and today is no exception. I am delighted to be able to join them on their amend-ment to increase resources for TIGER grants. 
I am disappointed, as are my col-
leagues, that this is merely, in some respects, a discussion amendment—we can’t bring it up for a vote—because I think this is an effort, as Senator C
OL-
LINS pointed out, that would be sup-
ported strongly by both sides of the aisle. 
Since 2009, the TIGER program has 
helped State and local governments make critical investments in their in-frastructure all across this country. In many respects, it is the final piece of a puzzle of how we get needed, necessary infrastructure in place. It has been that catalyst that has brought private funds and State funds and local funds together to accomplish something that makes sense to our economy and to the 
efficiency and productivity of our States. 
TIGER is able to leverage additional 
resources. It is a program that has been wildly popular to construct roads and bridges, public transit, ports, and passenger and freight railroads. It is very flexible. Its flexibility, its adapt-ability, and its ability to coalesce other resources has been remarkable. As a result, it has been extraordinarily popular. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JY6.048 S29JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6106 July 29, 2015 
Through the TIGER program, the 
U.S. Department of Transportation has supported more than 340 different projects in all 50 States and in the Dis-trict of Columbia. These projects have improved safety, they have connected workers to jobs, and they have sup-ported economic development. By the way, they put people to work right 
away in an economy that needs people to be working right now. 
As Senator C
OLLINS pointed out, the 
demand has far outstripped the re-sources: 6,700 applications for the roughly 300 grants. We can do more. The appetite is there, the need is there, and the competitive process ensures that these needed resources are tar-geted to extraordinarily important pro-grams. So for many of these reasons this is one of those programs that is just win-win-win. Unfortunately, we cannot bring it forward on this legisla-tion. This funding is absolutely nec-essary. 
I have seen in my home State of 
Rhode Island that without the TIGER grant we would not have been able to jump-start a project which is the Inter-state 95 viaduct. It sounds interesting, but it is actually critical. It is the cen-ter of I–95 in Providence, RI, which is the major north-south highway in New England. If this viaduct project could not be funded, then essentially there would be a roadblock on I–95. TIGER has helped this project move forward. We have to do more, but it has helped to move this project forward. 
It has helped ports in Providence and 
at Quonset Point. All of these are so necessary because they improve our economic competitiveness globally, re-gionally, nationally; they put people to work, and they prepare us for much more complicated issues in the world economy. As I said before, we are all disappointed that because of this proc-ess we can’t have a debate and have a vote. We are also disappointed because we bypassed in this process the com-mittees that typically do these things—the Banking Committee for transit, the Finance Committee for the pay-fors for this legislation. Again, I am disappointed we could not have done it the old fashioned way, through the committees and bring it to the floor. If we had that approach, we could have improved the offsets that we are using to pay for these programs. We could have considered amendments like this. We could have done a lot of things. 
Now we all have additional amend-
ments that we are filing, but we won’t be able to take them up. I have got one in terms of pay-fors that would produce $55 billion over 10 years—robust fund-ing for a score of highway programs— and it is by capping the deduction of publicly traded corporations for em-ployee salaries over $1 million. I think most Americans would say if someone is getting over $1 million we shouldn’t be subsidizing that with tax reimburse-ment. They very well may be worth that money, but that is a judgment the corporation should make, and if they 
think it is worthwhile, they are the ones who should put the money up, not with a subsidy from the tax code. That is just an example of some of the ways we could generate real resources. 
Again, let me say how strongly I sup-
port this amendment, how much we really owe the determination, the vi-sion, and the thoughtfulness of Senator C
OLLINS and Senator M URRAY . I must 
also thank Senator I NHOFE and Senator 
BOXER for their work on getting us at 
least this far. We have got to go fur-ther, but they have got us at least this far. 
It looks as if, given that the House is 
leaving, this bill will not be enacted this week. Certainly, we have got a template which I hope we can improve on as we spend the few months’ exten-sion that will be the ultimate result of this week. In that time I think one of the measures that will be improved is the TIGER program and other things that we can and must do. 
Let me conclude where I began and 
thank very sincerely Senator C
OLLINS  
and Senator M URRAY . 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California. 
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I will 
yield 5 minutes to Senator L
EAHY . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I thank 
the distinguished Senator from Cali-fornia. I am sure I won’t take that long. 
PLANNED PARENTHOOD  
Mr. President, I will speak further on 
the efforts to defund health services for women later on, but I am concerned about those Senators who are attack-ing women’s health with a renewed ef-fort to eliminate health centers that thousands of Vermonters rely on every day. Across the country we have mil-lions of low-income women who depend on Planned Parenthood health centers for lifesaving preventive treatments and care, including annual exams, cer-vical and breast cancer screenings, and HIV screenings and counseling. These clinics are the primary source of health services for many women. Eliminating Federal funding for Planned Parent-hood health centers would deny women access to these critical services. They will force women to find medical care elsewhere or, more devastatingly—or more probable—to simply go without. 
The partisan bill that was introduced 
yesterday in the Senate is the latest attempt to score political points. It is bumper sticker politics at its worst. Needlessly jeopardizing the health care of millions of Americans who depend on these preventive care services is a bid to rally a base that is as irrespon-sible as it is offensive to this Senator. I know women in Vermont who tell me they go for their health care, their can-cer screening, to the Planned Parent-hood centers because they feel they have people they feel comfortable with. They can bring their daughters, their children there. They know they are 
going to be cared for. They know peo-ple will care for them. They don’t care whether they are Republicans or Demo-crats, they are women who need health care, and I will strongly oppose the ef-fort that is going to be before us in this body to cut off health care for women. 
I yield the floor, and I thank the Sen-
ator from California. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
S
COTT). The Senator from California. 
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I thank 
the Senator from Vermont, the rank-ing member of the Judiciary Com-mittee, for his remarks. I agree with him, and I will be speaking later on today on the same topic. 
I want to go back to speaking about 
the Transportation bill. I want to thank my colleagues for the strong show of support we had on this bill. We had 65 colleagues voting to end debate and get to a vote. We do expect a good vote tomorrow, but I have to say that the reaction of the House Speaker took me aback. Remember that the bill we passed was totally bipartisan, with a majority of Democrats and a strong majority of Republicans. Senators I
NHOFE , M CCONNELL , BOXER , D URBIN , 
and a host of others worked very hard on this bill. Why would the Speaker of the House be so negative about it? As a matter of fact, his comments that were reported in the Politico online version today were such that I can’t repeat what was said on the floor of the Sen-ate because I would be breaking the rules. I will leave it up to everybody to see exactly what he said about our bi-partisan bill. Actually, the name on the bill is that of the Republican leader of the U.S. Senate. Yet the Speaker of the House demeans our bill. 
I want to be clear that I defend free-
dom of speech and I defend the right of Speaker B
OEHNER to say whatever he 
wants; therefore, I can say whatever I want. What I would like to ask is why on Earth would you oppose a bill that is so bipartisan, that received 65 votes, and that the Republican leader has put his name to? Why would you do that? 
Another question is this—and I put 
up this chart. Where is the House bill? One could argue that you don’t like our bill. Where is your bill? What have you done? Where have they been? 
We have known about this transpor-
tation crisis for a long, long time. The Presiding Officer and I have worked hard together on getting a strong bill, even though we disagree on so many things. The bill was voted out of the Environment and Public Works Com-mittee 20 to 0. Yet the Republican Speaker of the House condemns the bill. Where is the House bill? 
We are about to pass the third exten-
sion since the last Transportation bill expired in 2014. There have been dozens and dozens of extensions—more than 30. We know that when the highway trust fund is extended for just a couple of months at a time—and Senator I
NHOFE has taught me this because I 
was not aware—it is administratively 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JY6.049 S29JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6107 July 29, 2015 
very expensive to do, and on the 
ground what is happening is States are shutting down their projects. 
Let’s look at the seven States that 
have essentially canceled or delayed projects because there has been inac-tion. Arkansas has canceled or delayed highway projects, as well as Delaware, Georgia, Montana, Tennessee, Utah, and Wyoming. Why have these States done this? Because they are concerned that we don’t have a long-term high-way bill. That is why we are so excited about the bill that looks like it is on its way to passage because it is a 6- year authorization with a full 3 years of funding. Again, I ask the Speaker rhetorically what is it about the bill that he doesn’t like? 
Let’s go to the highlights of the bi-
partisan Senate bill. I will discuss them. I would put up the chart which asks ‘‘Where is the House bill?’’ be-cause that is the common question I want to ask today. It is easy to throw darts at someone else and say I don’t like what you did. What you did wasn’t good enough. Where is your answer? They have nothing—nothing but an-other paltry extension. Why did they do that? Either they don’t have an idea in the world as to how to proceed or they want to go on a 5
1⁄2-week break. 
The American people—most of us— 
work. I ask rhetorically: How many people in America who hold down a job get a 5
1⁄2-week break, which is called 
the August break, which begins in July, and they get that break without taking care of pressing business? I think your boss would say: You know what. You have a lot of problems here, so stay another couple of days. Oh, no, they want to get out of town. They originally were going to get out of town tomorrow. My understanding is they are trying to get out today. That gives them a 5
1⁄2-week break without 
taking care of business. 
I think anybody who is watching this 
who really cares about the highway trust fund, transportation, and bridges collapsing—let’s look at this one that happened in California. This is a fright-ening view of a bridge that collapsed. We were so lucky. We thank God that nobody was killed. California now has a bridge that has collapsed, and people have to go 400 miles out of their way to go from California to Arizona or Ari-zona to California. We are hoping to fix it with emergency funds, but we can’t rebuild the part that fell that quickly. We need a long-term bill. 
I say to the Speaker: Don’t go home. 
I say to the majority whip over there, my friend from California: Don’t go home. Stay and do your job. The Amer-ican people are not going to think very highly of you if you leave with this highway trust fund going broke on Fri-day. 
The Senate has passed a bill. It is a 
good bill. The Speaker has used some words I cannot use on the floor to de-scribe it. 
I want to ask the Speaker what it is 
that he doesn’t like. What is it that he doesn’t like? Is it the $55 billion a year 
for 6 years, the first 3 years being fully paid for with every State getting more funding, including his State, for high-ways and transit? Does he not like that? Does he think we shouldn’t spend funding on fixing up our bridges, roads, and highways? Does he not like the two new programs—the freight program, 
which would provide funds for States to improve the movement of goods? Does he not like the assistance for major projects, a program which is going to help our States when they know there is a real problem in their community and they want to build a project? 
Does the Speaker not like the fact 
that we have tripled safety fines so when a Takata airbag problem happens the companies have to step up? Does he not like the fact that there is a new law in there that says consumers should be protected from renting a car that is under recall? We stopped that. Does he not like the first-ever com-muter rail fund for positive train con-trol, where we can actually help our computer railways put in positive train control so we will not have those trage-dies that happened? 
Why doesn’t he like this bill? It has 
a long list of supporters. Let’s look at the supporters. I guarantee you it is rare that you see the U.S. Chamber of Commerce agreeing with the Inter-national Union of Operating Engineers. It is rare that the Laborers’ Inter-national Union of North America agrees with the AAA, which agrees with the Conference of Mayors, which agrees with the United Brotherhood of Carpenters, which agrees with the As-sociation of State Highway and Transit Officials, which agrees with the Moth-ers Against Drunk Driving, which agrees with the American Council of Engineering Companies. It goes on. It goes on. It is rare to see it. The Amer-ican Highway Users Alliance, the American Public Transportation Asso-ciation, the American Road & Trans-portation Builders, the Society of Civil Engineers, the trucking association, the equipment distributors, the general contractors, the equipment manufac-turers, the Metropolitan Planning Or-ganization, the National Asphalt Pave-ment Association. It goes on and on and on. This is America. 
The National Association of Coun-
ties—I used to serve as a county super-visor. It is hard to get us to agree. They agree. Pass the bill. The National Association of Manufacturers, I under-stand they scored this vote. The Na-tional Association Of Truck Stop Oper-ators, the National Governors Associa-tion, the League of Cities, the ready mixed concrete people, the stone, sand, and gravel people, the owner-operator independent drivers, the Portland Ce-ment Association, the retail industry leaders. 
The AFL–CIO sent a statement yes-
terday to the House: Take up this issue. If they do not love our bill, I—it is fine. I do not expect them to, but I do say: Where is your bill? Where is it? 
You can stand on the Capitol steps and say: I don’t like this about it. I don’t like that about it. I don’t like the pay- fors. I don’t like what is on page 50 or page 150. That is your right and I re-spect it. I support your right to say this is not a good bill, if you don’t think so. 
Where is your bill? Where is the 
House bill? Get it together. Do not go on vacation. Wait until you finish this job because I will tell you what hap-pens when you do go on vacation. The first person in your State to see you who was laid off—because States are cutting back. We know from the Asso-ciation of General Contractors that these States lost construction jobs last 
month because we have not acted on a long-term bill: Alaska, Arizona, Cali-fornia, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Mary-land, Mississippi, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New Mexico, North Carolina, Ohio, Or-egon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Ten-nessee, Utah, Vermont, Washington, West Virginia, and Wisconsin. 
Just last month the General Contrac-
tors told us that construction workers were laid off because we have not acted. I want to say to the Speaker, Ohio is on the list. You lost jobs in Ohio. What are you doing by just say-ing you don’t like this bill? Stay in. Do your work. You have terrific people on both sides of the aisle on your Trans-portation and Infrastructure Com-mittee. I had the privilege of working on both sides of the aisle with Chair-man S
HUSTER , with Ranking Member 
DEFAZIO, and many other members of 
that committee. I know the Speaker has told me he wants a 6-year bill. I be-lieve him, but why put it off? 
We have the Inhofe-Boxer McConnell- 
Durbin product. It passed overwhelm-ingly. Take it up. Here is what the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget said: It is refreshing to see Con-gress focus on a multiyear solution in-stead of another short-term patch. They say of our bill: This is a fiscally responsible bill that relies on solid off-sets. 
Let me be clear. I did not love every 
offset. I see my friend from Maryland. He knows we tried desperately to get better offsets. There may be a lot of people in the House who don’t like the offsets. Why don’t you come together and figure out another way? Why don’t you see if you can fully fund a 6-year bill? We fully funded a 3-year bill. So I ask the question of the Speaker: What is it about our bill that you don’t like and where is your bill? 
Yesterday Chairman S
HUSTER over 
there issued a statement: The House also needs to make its voice heard and put forth its own priorities. He is right. So why are you going home for a 5
1⁄2- 
week break when the Senate is going to be in session next week? Put off your little break here—or your long- term break here, 5
1⁄2weeks. I do not 
know too many American workers who get that kind of a break in the sum-mer. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:25 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JY6.051 S29JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6108 July 29, 2015 
I say it is time to see your bill. I 
think we can get it done. I have a lot of faith in the people over there. I served in the House for 10 proud years. I know how things get done. It gets done a lot easier than over here be-cause here we have rules that are very old, which can allow one person to hold up a bill for days and days, but they don’t have it. They don’t have that kind of situation. They can come to-gether, go through the committee, come out with a rule, bring the bill to the floor, and get it done. 
Let me quote from the Washington 
Post editorial: 
The Senate bill authorizes 6 years of spend-
ing on transportation projects under a sen-sible plan Senators Boxer and Inhofe worked out. The bill provides 3 years of guaranteed funding for the spending plan, raised from a variety of sources. 
They basically say—they don’t love 
the process, neither did any of us. But they say it is a ‘‘significant improve-ment from what Congress has done for the past decade or so, as lawmakers fumbled from short-term funding patch to short-term funding patch, a non- strategy that often relied on budget gimmicks and made it difficult for transportation officials to conduct long-term planning.’’ 
So we have an opportunity. The Sen-
ate has worked its will. We have a good bill. Is it great? Is it perfect? No. Are the pay-fors great and perfect? No. Is every policy in it perfect? No. But as A
MYKLOBUCHAR told me, we stood our 
ground, all of us, but we found common ground. That is important. We stood our ground, but we found common ground. That is how we are supposed to do things around here. 
I look at my friend who is going to 
speak shortly from Maryland. I know he set the pace with Senator C
ORKER in 
working out some very difficult issues in the Foreign Relations Committee, on which I am so proud to serve and so proud of my leader on that committee, Senator C
ARDIN . They set the pace over 
there. 
Then P ATTY MURRAY , working with 
LAMAR ALEXANDER —they came out 
with an education bill. Then I worked with Senator I
NHOFE , and he worked 
with me. M ITCH MCCONNELL worked 
with Senator D URBIN . We came out 
with a product that is supported by a majority of both caucuses. I am proud of the product. I know it is not perfect. I know if I had my way, I would have drawn up a very different bill. So would Senator I
NHOFE . So would Senator 
MCCONNELL . So would Senator D URBIN . 
But here is what is at stake. I will 
show you the bridge again. This is what is at stake. This is the face of what we are doing. It is bigger than our egos. It is bigger than our taking a 5
1⁄2-week 
break. I served as a county supervisor. We knew the building we were in was earthquake deficient. It is still beau-tiful, Frank Lloyd Wright’s last built- out government building. I served in that gorgeous building. When I found out it could collapse in an earthquake and the five county supervisors found 
that out—we were told many, many years ago it was possible we could be held liable because we knew absolutely that this could crumble around us. 
I am not saying for one second that 
any colleague is liable if something like this happens again, but I will tell you I think it is in fact a moral ques-tion for us. How long can we put this off? I guarantee you a 3-month patch is not going to give the States the con-fidence to enter into any long-term agreements to fix any of the 60,000-plus bridges that are deficient and 50 per-cent of the roads that are not up to par. 
So I say to the House, if you don’t 
stay here and you go home after pass-ing a short-term extension and some-one comes up to you and says, Con-gressman or Congresswoman, I just got laid off. I am a construction worker—I guarantee you are going to have a hard time explaining why you left and took a 5
1⁄2-week break, August break, and 
you left before even August 1. It is the first time the House will have done that in 10 years. They have not left be-fore August 1 in 10 years. 
There is a lot on our plates. Instead, 
we are going to talk about Planned Parenthood. Fine. I welcome the argu-ment because to me it is the same old, same old argument about interfering with women’s health. I will go there with you. I will be there with you. I will fight that battle for the people of America, the women of America. I don’t mind that, but we have to do this. We have to do this in the House. We have to pass a bill. 
So I hope the House will change its 
mind. The Republican leadership, they know they control the schedule. They should cancel their recess and stay in an extra week. In that extra week, we can work together. If the Speaker does not like our bill, he can write his own bill. We will go to conference, we will start working on it, and we will get that bill. That is my ask today. My ask is, Where is the House bill? I am asking the House in the nicest way I know how: Please don’t leave tonight or to-morrow on a 5
1⁄2-week break with your 
desk a mess with this issue. It is a mess with this issue. 
The highway trust fund is going bust 
on Friday. If the best you can do after knowing about this for months and months and months is give us a paltry 3-month extension, then shame on you. The Senate has proven, on a very bi-partisan basis, that we can do better— not a 3-month extension but 3 years of a paid-for bill, 6 years of an authorized bill. Surely you can meet us and we can get this done together. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maryland. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, first I 
want to thank Senator B
OXER . It is a 
privilege to serve on the Environment and Public Works Committee with Sen-ator B
OXER , under her and Senator 
INHOFE ’s leadership. The bill we re-ported out, a 6-year bill, is a bill that 
deals with the surface transportation needs in this country. 
It was put together in a very bipar-
tisan manner. It respected and re-flected different views. I had certain views with regard to alternative trans-portation programs. Not everybody agreed, but we were able to come to-gether on that issue so we can help local governments with their prior-ities. 
We need a 6-year bill. The Senator is 
absolutely right. I must tell the Sen-ator, I could not agree with her more. We have been talking since the last ex-tension, the extension before that, and the extension before that, that we need to have a 6-year reauthorization. The Senator was able, working with Sen-ator I
NHOFE , to deliver a bill that does 
that. We have yet to see a 6-year bill from the House of Representatives. We are prepared to make the hard deci-sions. We are prepared to sit down with our House colleagues and work out the differences, but we need a 6-year reau-thorization, not another short-term ex-tension. They are talking now about 3 months. Another short-term extension provides no predictability. I have pro-grams in Maryland, and I know the Senator from California has programs in her State, that you cannot plan with a 3-month partnership with the Federal Government. You need to have the multiyear commitments. 
What Senator B
OXER was able to do 
in the Environment and Public Works Committee—we need to duplicate that and get this done and get a bill to the President’s desk. It is more important than the recess. I thank my colleague for taking the floor and for her ex-traordinary work in that regard. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent to speak as in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
50TH ANNIVERSARY OF MEDICARE AND MEDICAID  
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, this 
week—tomorrow, to be precise—we will be celebrating the 50th anniversary of Medicare and Medicaid, which then- President Lyndon Baines Johnson signed into law on July 30, 1965. 
I take great pride in the Medicare 
and Medicaid Programs, which fall under the Social Security Act, because they are so successful, but also be-cause—as I think most of my col-leagues know—the headquarters for both the Social Security Administra-tion (SSA) and for CMS, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, are located in Maryland. The men and women who work at SSA and CMS are doing incredible service to carry out some of the most important programs in our country: Social Security, Medi-care, and Medicaid. 
For the past 50 years, our seniors and 
our most vulnerable citizens have been able to rely upon Medicare to provide access to affordable, high-quality health care. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JY6.060 S29JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6109 July 29, 2015 
Let me underscore how important 
Medicare is to our country, to our sen-iors and those who suffer with disabil-ities. It allows them to be able to get quality health coverage, affordable care, without having to deal with the difficulties of obtaining and paying for private insurance. Private insurance makes money by insuring people who make fewer claims. As you get older, your health care needs become more intense. Therefore, private insurance companies aren’t exactly excited to have people who make a lot of claims in their health insurance pool. That is why we developed Medicare. We devel-oped it so our seniors would be able to have quality coverage. 
Before we had Medicare, one out of 
every two seniors had no health insur-ance. Our seniors are now able to get health care coverage. Today, only 2 percent of adults aged 65 and older lack health insurance. Before we had Medi-care, nearly 60 percent of seniors’ health care costs came out of their pockets. Today, that is down to 13 per-cent. So we have seen significant im-provement over time. Before we had Medicare, 1 out of every 3 women aged 65 or older lived in poverty. Today, that number is 1 out of 10. 
All of the indicators that we have 
show that Medicare, Medicaid, and So-cial Security have accomplished their objectives. Now we are celebrating the 50th anniversary of Medicare and Med-icaid. 
With regard to the Medicare Pro-
gram, those seniors who have disabil-ities and who qualify are allowed to have full coverage—again without hav-ing to worry about being discriminated against in the private insurance mar-ketplace. In Medicaid, 33 million chil-dren are covered, more than 1 out of every 3 in our Nation. 
Over time we have improved these 
programs. The Medicaid program has been improved by the passage of the Children’s Health Insurance Program, a bipartisan bill that was passed by this body. It significantly improved ac-cess to care for our children, particu-larly our low-income children. 
We have also improved access to cov-
erage through the passage of the Af-fordable Care Act. The Affordable Care Act has strengthened and improved Medicare and expanded Medicaid Pro-grams to cover more low-income Amer-icans. To date, thanks to the ACA, 9.4 million Medicare beneficiaries have saved more than $15 billion just on pre-scription drugs. In Maryland alone, our seniors have saved more than $230 mil-lion on their prescriptions. 
I am particularly pleased that over 
the 50-year history of Medicare, we have changed the program, improved it, and built upon it over time. When it was first enacted, it was there mainly to cover seniors’ needs when they were injured and ill. It was an insurance pro-gram for when they got sick or had an injury. Well, we have changed that focus to a wellness program to keep seniors healthy. I am particularly proud that when I 
was in the House of Representatives, I authored the bill that expanded Medi-care to cover preventive health care, including screenings for colorectal can-cer, diabetes, and osteoporosis, and mammographies. Those tests were added in legislation that I authored in the House of Representatives. We have come a long way since then, culmi-nating with the Affordable Care Act that eliminated all the copays for pre-ventive health care. 
Today, Medicare is keeping our sen-
ior population healthier. Seniors know that their preventive health care is covered and that they can detect dis-eases at an earlier stage and live healthier lives as a result. 
Over the past five decades, our Na-
tion has seen incredible, positive change as a result of the Medicare and Medicaid Programs. On the 50th anni-versary of the passage of this landmark legislation, let us celebrate the progress we have made and work to-gether to try to find ways to build upon that progress by further improving our Nation’s health care system to ensure that all Americans have access to af-fordable, high-quality health care and are able to live healthy, productive lives. 
This is particularly timely because I 
believe next week we are going to see an attack on women’s health care. I urge my colleagues to recognize the historical discrimination we have had against women’s health care in this country. We dealt with that in the Af-fordable Care Act, some of the histor-ical discriminations against women. But we need to be very careful about this because there is going to be an at-tack on Planned Parenthood. Planned Parenthood is particularly important for women’s health care needs. Yes, it does deal with contraceptive services— that is very important for women—but it also deals with preventive health care, screenings, and primary health care. So many women get their health care needs met through Planned Par-enthood. 
As we celebrate the 50th anniversary 
of Medicare and Medicaid, as we cele-brate how we have been able to make progress in providing affordable, qual-ity health care to all Americans— whether they are our seniors, our dis-abled population, our children, those of low income, those groups who have been historically discriminated against—I urge that we look to try to build upon those programs and make them even stronger and not weaken the programs that are available. 
President Johnson’s Vice President, 
Hubert H. Humphrey, famously said that ‘‘the moral test of government is how that government treats those who are in the dawn of life, the children; those who are in the twilight of life, the elderly; and those who are in the shadows of life, the sick, the needy, and the handicapped.’’ While we still have work to do, we are closer to pass-ing that moral test because of the cre-ation of Medicare and Medicaid 50 
years ago and, more recently, the en-actment of the Affordable Care Act. Let’s continue to make progress so that all Americans have accesses to af-fordable, quality health care. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
T
OOMEY ). The clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
NUCLEAR AGREEMENT WITH IRAN  
Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, I rise 
today to express my deep concerns with the nuclear agreement negotiated between the United States and other world powers and Iran. 
In May, Congress acted in a bipar-
tisan way to enact the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act. The Senate passed the legislation 98 to 1, and the House passed it 400 to 25. The bill was signed into law by President Obama. 
This critically important legislation 
provides Congress, as the representa-tives of the American people, the abil-ity to examine and vote on an agree-ment that will have tremendous im-pact on the future security of the Mid-dle East and the world. 
When the Senate passed the legisla-
tion in May, I said the bill would allow Congress to hold the administration accountable for negotiating an enforce-able and verifiable agreement that would stop Iran’s progress toward a nu-clear weapon. 
Negotiators have completed their 
work. Review of the agreement is un-derway. Committees are holding im-portant hearings. We had one this morning. After the August recess, Con-gress will have the opportunity to vote on a resolution that approves or dis-approves of the deal reached with Iran. 
I believe the agreement is flawed in 
several ways. First, the agreement fails to provide for an inspections regime that is strong enough to prevent Iran from fulfilling its nuclear ambitions. Any agreement with Iran should in-clude rigorous and immediate inspec-tions of suspected nuclear sites. There has been much talk and hope of an any-
where, anytime inspection regime, but anywhere, anytime inspections are not what this agreement provides. Instead, under this agreement, it could take 24 days, and potentially longer under the Joint Commission process, before in-spectors have access to a suspected nu-clear site. It is obvious Iran could hide elements of a nuclear program, such as the construction of centrifuges, before inspectors could ever gain access to a suspected nuclear site. 
Iran has already failed to meet the 
transparency requirements of the in-terim Joint Plan of Action. The Inter-national Atomic Energy Agency, or IAEA, consistently warned of Iran’s failure to meet those standards of full transparency and in its June 2015 re-port stated that ‘‘the Agency remains 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Jul 29, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JY6.064 S29JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6110 July 29, 2015 
concerned about the possible existence 
in Iran of undisclosed nuclear-related activities involving military related organizations, including activities re-lated to the development of a nuclear payload for a missile.’’ 
Given Iran’s lack of transparency, I 
believe the content of this agreement does not contain strong enough mecha-nisms to prevent Iran’s clandestine de-velopment of a nuclear weapon. 
Second, I find it more troubling that 
Congress—or even the administration— has not been given access to the under-standing between Iran and the IAEA regarding how Iran’s compliance with the agreement will be implemented. This has been the subject of great dis-cussion. 
Third, I am concerned the agreement 
will provide Iran with financial re-sources that they could use to continue to fund terrorist groups that put Amer-icans and our allies at risk. We know they were doing it in the past. We know of their desire to do it in the fu-ture. It is troubling that when the sanctions against Iran are lifted, the nation will immediately receive ap-proximately $150 billion in assets. As a designated state sponsor of terrorism for over 30 years, Iran has funded proxy wars across the region. 
These wars range from Shia militias 
in Iraq to Houthis insurgents in Yemen. Iran further threatens our al-lies through funding Hezbollah and Hamas and propping up the regime of Bashar al-Assad, who continues to slaughter his own people. 
While no one knows for sure how Iran 
will spend the signing bonus it receives from sanctions relief, the regime’s prior behavior provides the best evi-dence of how it will act in the future. I hear the argument that the internal infrastructure of the country has fallen into disrepair because of the sanctions and because of the lack of the eco-nomic activities. Yet we have to look at Iran as still funding terrorist activ-ity while allowing their own country’s infrastructure to become failed and compromised. 
What makes us think that with the 
new flush, $150 billion signing bonus, Iran is going to change their priorities all of a sudden? I personally have trou-ble with that. 
Finally, I am worried the decision to 
lift the embargo on conventional arms and ballistic missiles sold to Iran will allow Iran to present a greater threat to its neighbors. In addition, it could precipitate a military buildup in the region, which will in turn increase vol-atility in an already volatile region. Despite these questions and concerns, the administration has argued that our only options are to accept the deal or to go forward with Iran. 
To accept this binary choice is to say 
the American people should accept this deal, regardless of how one-sided it may be, in order to avoid a military conflict with Iran. 
As a newspaper in my State, the 
Charleston Gazette-Mail, editorialized yesterday, this argument ‘‘paint[s] a 
simplistic picture that allows [its pro-ponents] to gloss over the very real problems with this deal.’’ 
The Gazette-Mail continues: 
The deal’s many critics have consistently 
made the case that there are other possible paths. The problem is that this administra-tion doesn’t want to take them. 
Even the President’s top general 
agrees that this is a false proposition. Just this morning, when asked if the choice was binary—accept the Iran agreement or go to war—GEN Martin Dempsey, Chair of the Joint Chiefs, said that ‘‘we have a range of options and I always present them.’’ 
All of us would prefer a diplomatic 
solution in Iran, but a good agreement with Iran is one that will truly cut off Iran’s path to a nuclear weapon and improve the security situation in the Middle East. 
The sanctions passed by this Con-
gress, together with the sanctions that were built in concert with our foreign allies over the course of a decade, were what brought Iran to the negotiating tables in the first place. These sanc-tions should be kept in place and strengthened until Iran is forced to ac-cept a deal that actually makes the re-gion safer. I believe a better deal is possible than the leverage provided by sanctions, and I am not alone. A CNN poll released yesterday found that 52 percent of the American people want Congress to reject this deal, while only 44 percent believe the agreement should be approved. 
A majority of Americans didn’t say 
they oppose this agreement because they want war with Iran. Absolutely not. Instead, the poll reveals that a majority of Americans want a better deal, one that cuts off Iran’s path to a nuclear weapon and makes the Middle East more secure. 
There are legitimate arguments on 
both sides of the debate about the Iran deal. I accept that the President and his administration truly believe the deal they have negotiated is in Amer-ica’s best interest, but the claim that those who have a different view want war with Iran is an inappropriate at-tempt to short-circuit the legislative debate about this agreement. 
Congress must stand up against a 
threat to national security and ensure that a monumental agreement con-tains the necessary verification and en-forcement measures to protect future generations from a nuclear Iran. I stand with all of our allies in the re-gion that have put their trust in Amer-ica to negotiate a deal that will protect 
them indefinitely from the threat of Iranian nuclear weapons. 
The posterity of our Nation and our 
allies depends on the critical policy de-cisions made by this Congress and this administration. Now is the time to carefully consider the nature of Iran’s threat toward Israel and America, the history of Iranian-funded terrorism, and the consequences of nuclear pro-liferation in the Middle East. America does not have to accept a bad deal. I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Indiana. 
WASTEFUL SPENDING  
Mr. COATS. Mr. President, once 
again, I am on the floor for the ‘‘Waste of the Week.’’ Each week since Feb-ruary, I have come to the floor to dis-cuss an issue of waste, fraud, and abuse—misspent taxpayer money iden-tified by neutral agencies of the Fed-eral Government that didn’t have a partisan bone to pick in this or by in-
spectors general of various agencies or by the agencies themselves. 
In February, I said I am going to 
come here every week throughout the duration of this session, and I am going to try to achieve a goal of $100 billion of waste. I wasn’t sure we could reach that goal, but today is a very special day because we are going to highlight by the end of my speech over $100 bil-lion of waste, fraud, and abuse that the taxpayer is covering with hard-earned pay at home. 
Over the past several months, I have 
highlighted a variety of examples from the serious, such as the illegal procure-ment practices at the Veterans’ Ad-ministration, to the ridiculous: tax-payer funding, under grants, for mas-sages of rabbits to determine whether a massage after strenuous exercise made them feel better. I don’t think we need-ed to gather a bunch of rabbits and pay, with a $387,000 grant to an organi-zation to mechanically massage the backs of rabbits. 
I think if you stop anybody on the 
street and ask: Do you think a good massage would make you feel a little bit better, especially after a strenuous exercise—I think the answer would be yes. Actually, I thought I might want to sign up for this until I found out that when the experiment was over, they killed the rabbits. So I didn’t want to put myself in that position. 
Then, from the young taxpayers who 
receive (improper and fraudulent child tax credit refunds) to the old, the ac-tive Social Security numbers that were assigned to individuals over the age of 112. Obviously there aren’t too many people in the country, if any, over that age. These people had obviously died many years before—on and on it goes. 
We are deluged with examples of 
waste, fraud, and abuse, which brings some chuckles and brings some ‘‘Can you believe we are actually doing that?’’ But the bottom line is that peo-ple are working hard every day to make ends meet to pay the mortgage, to buy the groceries, to save money to send the kids to school, and they are sending taxes to Washington and the bureaucracy is doing stuff like this. 
It is a bad break for taxpayers, and it 
is shameful for government not to take measures to stop this waste, fraud, and abuse from happening. I am trying to disclose to the public this is how your taxpayer money is being spent so they will put pressure on their Members and say clean it up. Fortunately, we have been able to do some of that, but there is a long way to go. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JY6.057 S29JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6111 July 29, 2015 
Today I want to discuss errors with 
payments under the earned-income tax credit. Let me go back and explain this. The earned-income tax credit is a refundable tax credit that offsets in-come tax owed by low-income tax-payers. Congress originally approved the earned-income tax credit in 1975 to offset the burden of Social Security taxes for low-income workers and pro-vide an incentive for them to work. It is a good motive. To some extent, it has worked. The way it works is this: When the credit exceeds the amount of taxes due, it provides a lump-sum pay-ment, after you file your taxes, to those who qualify for the program. 
People who work and earn less than a 
certain income level qualify for this re-fund from the government. According to the Congressional Research Service, this tax credit is the largest need-test-
ed, antipoverty cash assistance pro-gram the Federal Government runs. So whether you think this is a right pro-gram or not, the questions are: How is it being run? And is it efficient and ef-fective or is it making mistakes? 
We are talking about Big Govern-
ment. Mistakes are usually big mis-takes, if there are some. In 2011, the IRS identified more than 6.6 million potentially erroneous earned-income tax credit claims that went to house-holds that didn’t qualify. Individuals were telling the government they are working and earning and therefore eli-gible for the earned-income tax credit bonus check, but at the same time they were telling other agencies, such as the Supplemental Social Security Pro-gram, that they are not earning that much or not working or don’t have in-come. Some are getting double checks—one for which they’re qualified and one for which they’re not. 
When we add all of that—the latest 
year that has been identified is 2013, 
and the tax credit costs to taxpayers during that year amounted to $60 bil-lion. Of those, $14.5 billion were erro-neously sent out checks by the agency, the IRS. If we can put in place meas-ures that can provide accountability and verification to this program, we could save the taxpayer up to $14.5 bil-lion a year. So with that, we add to our gauge an additional $14.5 billion. 
As everyone can see on this chart, 
this gauge is climbing up each week. This chart shows the amount of money saved through the various programs we have identified. We have now eclipsed the $100 billion level, and we are just a little ways past the middle of the year. 
I could take the charts, stick them in 
the back closet, and say: Thank you. I made it to my $100 billion mark, and I have made my point. But I will keep on going. Every week the Senate is in ses-sion for the remainder of this year, I will be back down here for the latest ‘‘Waste of the Week’’ so we can embar-rass, disclose, and let agencies know that they are wasting taxpayers’ dol-lars, and we, as a Congress, need to do something about that. 
Some people may say that $100 bil-
lion in comparison with the total Fed-eral budget is a drop in the bucket, but 
$100 billion is almost incomprehensible. Maybe Donald Trump understands what $100 billion is, but I don’t. In terms of that magnitude of money, it is a small portion of what we spend here. 
We can do so much more in terms of 
identifying issues and programs that will save the taxpayer money. Federal spending is out of control. We know that, and this highlights some of that. The real issue is much worse. While States such as mine, the State of Indi-ana, have created balanced budgets, eliminated debt, and provided sur-pluses, which they can use to return to the taxpayers or save for a rainy day, the Federal Government has not done that. This is a huge challenge in front of us. This is just a small piece of try-ing to identify some of the problems and challenges that we have, and by identifying them, we can save the tax-payer money by making reforms to these various programs. 
With that, I will yield back the floor, 
but you can count on me being here every week for the rest of this session with the ‘‘Waste of the Week’’ for as long as the Congress and Senate are in session. 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
TRAGEDY ON CROW RESERVATION  
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I come 
to the floor today to share some re-marks on what is going on with Planned Parenthood. Prior to sharing those remarks, I wish to inform my colleagues that we received some trag-ic news that has come out of Montana. I literally just got off the phone with Chairman Darrin Old Coyote with the Crow Tribe in Montana. I wish to take a moment to discuss the reports of a tragic shooting that has occurred on the Crow Reservation in Montana. 
This afternoon we received word of a 
shooting in the community of Pryor, MT, on the Crow Reservation. I lit-erally just got off the phone with Chairman Darrin Old Coyote before I got to the floor just to see how things were going and to be informed of the latest developments. There are two confirmed fatalities and at least one other injured individual who has been life-flighted to Billings. 
My wife Cindy and I are deeply sad-
dened by the news of today’s tragic shootings in Pryor. Our thoughts and prayers go out to the Pryor commu-nity, and the families of all victims are in our prayers. I understand this was a couple who had children and grand-children and are well known in Pryor. 
I am staying in close contact with 
Crow leaders, with local law enforce-ment, Federal officials, and commu-nity leaders during this time. It is our understanding and it has been con-
firmed that the suspect has been appre-hended and is in custody. 
My staff and all of the staffs here in 
Washington stand ready to help those affected by this tragedy. Our hearts break for the victims and for their fam-ilies. 
I ask my Senate colleagues to join 
the Montana delegation and all Mon-tanans in keeping the community, the victims, and their families in their thoughts and prayers. 
PLANNED PARENTHOOD  
Mr. President, 655,306 kidneys is more 
than $49 million, which equates to 256 Lamborghinis; 327,653 hearts is more than $24.5 million, which equates to 128 Lamborghinis; 1,310,612 arms and legs is $98 million, which equates to 512 Lamborghinis—this is the envisioned price tag were every one of Planned Parenthood’s 327,653 abortions per-formed last year to provide body parts and organs to harvest. 
The utter callousness of Planned Par-
enthood in discussing the price of baby parts, as if handing over a menu, is clear evidence of the culture of an or-ganization enriched through ghoulish and disturbing practices. This is a cul-ture which protects tissue over life and lays out harvested organs as financial milestones toward a new car. 
Planned Parenthood has worked its 
way into the American lexicon, becom-ing synonymous with women’s health but hiding its abortion practices. 
Planned Parenthood received $528 
million of Federal taxpayer money last year alone. And when asked on the street, so few even know that Planned Parenthood does abortions. But now the veil has been lifted, exposing inex-cusable and unconscionable behavior. 
This organization, Planned Parent-
hood, performs more abortions than any other organization in our country. But now our own calloused hearts—the heart of our Nation—are shocked out of apathy, and we have a choice. We can-not accept the destruction and the sell-ing of our children, to stare clearly into the face of the appalling and do nothing. We can allow our consciences to be moved and then remove the pub-lic endorsement of these actions. We can remove Federal taxpayer funding of the organization that has perpet-uated such horrific actions. 
I am proud to join Senator J
ONI 
ERNST and Leader M CCONNELL , as well 
as 23 of my Senate colleagues, in the introduction of legislation to protect women’s access to health services and defund Planned Parenthood. This bill ensures that funds allocated to Planned Parenthood will be redirected to other eligible entities to provide women’s health care services. 
Let me be very clear, so the informa-
tion is clear about what this bill does and what it doesn’t do. This bill en-sures there is no reduction—not $1 of reduction—in overall Federal funding available to support women’s health. This bill ensures the preservation of Federal funding for women’s health 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JY6.058 S29JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6112 July 29, 2015 
services which include important serv-
ices of relevant diagnostic, laboratory, and radiology services, for well-child care, for prenatal and post partum care, for immunization, for family planning services, including contracep-tion, sexually transmitted disease test-ing, and cervical and breast cancer screenings. Let me say again, this bill ensures the preservation of Federal funding for these very important serv-ices for women. This bill does not re-duce any funding for women’s health services. 
This bill does not allow any Federal 
funds to go toward Planned Parenthood to continue its practice of trafficking baby parts. We bristled when we heard of an abortion doctor that left babies born alive to die, and we sensed justice when that same doctor was sentenced in a court of law for his crimes. Simi-larly, we shuddered as parents. Cindy and I have been married for 29 years. We have four children, two boys and two girls. We shuddered as parents at the idea of baby parts being harvested and sold in the context of equating that value to purchasing a Lamborghini. Will we see this to the same end? 
We are a society. We are a nation 
that values life so much that in our Declaration of Independence it is clear-ly articulated that all have the right to life. We Democrats, Republicans, and all Americans must stand strong in the defense of those who are most vulner-able. We must advocate and be a voice for those who do not have a voice, for the most vulnerable in our society, in-cluding the unborn. 
Over the last year, we have cringed 
at terrible images coming out of the Middle East. We have seen horrible im-ages coming across social media, and we have called loudly for action. That was on soil thousands and thousands of miles away from America. 
Today we cringe at terrible images 
that have occurred on our own soil. Nothing, not even a Lamborghini, is worth the lives of our children. Planned Parenthood has clearly articu-lated the value they have placed on ba-bies’ organs and limbs, but what they have failed to acknowledge is the value the American people know full well, and that is the value of our children, which is priceless. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
G
ARDNER ). The Senator from Cali-
fornia. 
PLANNED PARENTHOOD  
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, thank 
you very much. It is so interesting, coming away from the Transportation bill where we saw such cooperation be-tween the two sides, and now we are headed back to our corners with the vast majority of Republicans attacking an organization that helps millions of Americans get fundamental health care. It is the same old sides again. 
My friend from Montana may not 
like Planned Parenthood, and he can tell his family and his friends not to go there, but he doesn’t speak for the 
American people. They trust Planned Parenthood, an organization that has been around since 1916. Its founder was thrown in jail because she wanted to give birth control to people. 
Let’s be clear. My friend and those 
who are writing this legislation state that they are not attacking health care. Yet they try to defund the one or-ganization in the country that people trust to deliver that health care. It is interesting because it is part of the at-tack on health care that we see from my friends on the other side of the aisle. 
We celebrate the 50th anniversary of 
Medicare and Medicaid which have pro-vided millions of Americans with ac-cessible, affordable health care. This week we heard one of the leading Re-publican Presidential candidates talk about how it is time to end Medicare. This isn’t a fringe candidate. I heard Newt Gingrich say years ago that Medicare will wither on the vine. They have been after Medicare forever and ever and ever. They don’t like Med-icaid. Some Republican governors are not providing their poor people with health care because they don’t like Medicaid. These are lifelines that from their start have been attacked by Re-publicans. I have proof. I have spoken many times and quoted Republicans from past years going after Medicare, going after Medicaid, and now again going after Planned Parenthood and women’s health care. This is an ideo-logical attack, and it would put wom-en’s health and women’s lives at risk. It is attacking women’s reproductive health care, an issue that was resolved in 1973. 
I want to say to my friends on the 
other side—and they are my friends— why don’t you just keep moving us for-ward like you did on the Transpor-tation bill. We set aside our differences and we are moving forward. Now you are reopening, again, the attacks on health care. You tried to repeal ObamaCare more than 55 times now in the House. It didn’t work. You tried it here the other day; it didn’t work. You have attacked Medicare. You have at-tacked Medicaid, and now you want to take away women’s health care pro-vided by an organization that is chosen by millions of women and men every single year for lifesaving and preven-tive services. 
This legislation is being driven by an 
outrageous and potentially illegal act of an extremist group. It is just the lat-est chapter in the long history of at-tacks on Planned Parenthood and their health care providers who work there, and on the women and the men they serve. 
Again, one can go back to the begin-
ning of Planned Parenthood, when America’s first birth control clinic opened before women could vote. We forget that women got the vote in 1920. If we have a woman in the White House in 2020—something that I personally hope will happen—we will celebrate the fact that 100 years after women got the 
right to vote there is a woman in the White House. The point is that on the very day the clinic opened 100 years ago, dozens of women waited in line. Do you know what they wanted? Life-saving birth control information. They wanted to plan their families. They wanted to avoid unplanned pregnancies and the options that they would face if they had an unplanned pregnancy. What was the response? The clinic was raided, the clinic was shut down, and nine days later its founder was thrown in jail. Planned Parenthood has been a target of attacks by extremists since 1916, and that attack continues on the floor today. 
Despite the effort of extremists, our 
country has come a long way since the days when a woman could be jailed for advocating birth control. We can’t go back. We can’t turn back the clock on women’s health, and we still have peo-ple that are saying women shouldn’t get free birth control through ObamaCare. They want it to go over the counter. We can’t turn back the clock on women’s health, but that is what is about to come. 
With all the problems facing us—we 
still have work to do on transpor-tation, we still have work to do to avoid sequester and all the deep cuts to our military and to our domestic pro-grams such as the FBI, Homeland Se-curity, food inspection, and border pa-trol. All of that is going to be cut, but, oh no, we don’t turn to that to fix that. What do we turn to? Another attack on Planned Parenthood, another attack on women’s health. 
We know this extremist group went 
undercover and secretly taped people. That is what they did. If you approve of those tactics that is fine, but what I approve of is women getting health care. I think that when you scratch the surface, what you will find is that a lot of my colleagues don’t think women should be able to plan their families. We are still debating birth control. You have got to be kidding. 
You have to look at the work 
Planned Parenthood does: cancer screening, STD tests, and other life-saving health care. They want to deny women this health care. 
Do you know what I really find ex-
treme? So many of my Republican friends tell me day after day, keep Uncle Sam out of our private lives. How true. I agree. Some of them even call themselves Libertarians. When you look up the meaning of Libertarian in Wikipedia, it is defined as one who ‘‘seeks to maximize the autonomy and freedom of choice, emphasizes political freedom, voluntary association, and the primacy of individual judgment.’’ The primacy of individual judgment— that is the definition of Libertarian. Yet my colleagues decided they don’t like a certain organization so they should say to everybody in the country follow us. No. No. It is not right. Planned Parenthood is the safety net for women’s health care, and it has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JY6.066 S29JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6113 July 29, 2015 
been so. This attack on women’s health 
care is the opposite of liberty. 
I hope if this bill does come forward, 
we will debate it and debate it and de-bate it, because I don’t think the peo-ple in this country want women’s lives used as a political football. Women’s health is not a game. It isn’t some-thing you should gain or lose votes on. Women’s lives are not a game. We all have women in our lives, all of us, whom we adore regardless of our polit-
ical party—our moms, our wives, our daughters, our sisters. Why would any-one in the Senate or anywhere else want to take away the health care that has benefitted one in five women in America, and more than 800,000 pa-tients in my State every year? Why would anyone want to deny birth con-trol to more than 600,000 Californians each year? Why would anyone want to deny women in my State 100,000 breast exams? 
Instead of listening to these extreme 
voices, Republicans should listen to women in their States. I will tell you about a woman in my State, Nicole Sandoval of Pasadena, CA. Planned Parenthood was there for Nicole when she needed it most. When she was 23 years of age, she had no insurance be-fore ObamaCare. Planned Parenthood caught her cervical cancer early enough to treat it and to save her life. 
Instead of listening to these extreme 
voices, Republicans should listen to women such as Heather Penman of Concord, CA. Planned Parenthood was there for Heather when she needed it most, providing her with a cancer screening. They found precancerous cells, and it helped her get the life-saving surgery she needed. She didn’t say what my colleague said, standing up and attacking an organization that saved her life. She said, ‘‘I might not be alive today’’ without their help. She told me that a few years ago. She said, ‘‘Planned Parenthood is about taking care of women’s health and it shouldn’t be reduced to some political argu-ment.’’ 
Imagine what would have happened if 
Planned Parenthood hadn’t been there for Nicole or Heather. That is what Planned Parenthood does. There are millions of Nicoles and Heathers across America, each with her own story of how Planned Parenthood has been there for her. We are not going to allow Republicans to take away their health care. No, we are not. We are not going to allow Republicans to undermine the vital research that is helping treat-ments for Parkinson’s, Alzheimer’s, multiple sclerosis, spinal cord injuries, HIV, and birth defects. 
The research has led to public health 
breakthroughs, including vaccines for polio, chickenpox, rubella and shingles. Instead of attacking this research, we should be supporting it. That is some-thing we should all agree on. Repub-licans are pushing an extreme, dan-gerous agenda—an agenda that is out of touch with most Americans. 
We had a breather from that agenda 
when we had that Transportation bill. How excited was I. Then we turn 
around, we do this bill, we work to-gether, and we are back in our corners again, with Republicans attacking women’s health and Democrats defend-ing women’s health. A new poll re-leased this week shows that a strong majority of Americans opposes defunding Planned Parenthood, even after these videos—these edited vid-eos—have been put out. 
The American people are paying at-
tention to this story. Women are pay-ing attention to this story. We know this is a political attack on women’s health. We know the group went in and secretly filmed people for 3 years. We knew what their objective was—to hurt women’s health, women’s reproductive health. We know because that is where they stand. 
They want Uncle Sam to tell a 
woman what her rights are. Well, I have to say that I am a Senator. I have strong views. I do not impose these views on anyone. I want people to choose the way they feel and make de-cisions between themselves, their fam-ily, their doctor, their God. That is up to them. I do not want any Senator in this body telling my family what to do or your families what to do because it is up to them. I respect their families. They will discuss it with their families. 
This is a political attack on women’s 
health. We know it is an attack on a group that saves lives every day. This is a fight they have picked before. They come out here with this, as if this were the first time they have ever attacked Planned Parenthood. Well, we won it before, and we will win it again. I heard my colleague, Senator M
URRAY , recall 
that in 2011—she thought it was 2011— the Republicans threatened to shut down the government because they wanted to defund Planned Parenthood. They were going to shut down the gov-ernment. She said: You know what; we are not going do this to women’s health. If that is what you want to do, shut it down. We will take this case to the American people. They backed off. We won that fight. We will win this fight as well. 
We are going to fight. We are going 
to fight to make sure that Nicole and Heather and women across America can continue to get the services they need: the birth control, the cancer screenings, STD screenings. That is what we are fighting for. We are going to make sure that Planned Parenthood is still there for the millions of women and families who depend upon it. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I want to 
speak to the highway bill today, legis-lation before us that hopefully by to-
morrow we will report out of the Sen-ate favorably and send it to the House of Representatives. My understanding is that the House will, sometime in September, report out their own version of the highway bill, hopefully a multiyear bill, in which case we would go to conference with them and hope-fully get something we can get to the President on his desk that would be more than a short-term extension, but instead be something that provides the certainty that those who are involved in building roads and bridges and mak-ing sure that freight and people move across this country will have the infra-structure in place to do that, and that we can get about the process of cre-ating jobs and growing our economy, which is what infrastructure is all about. 
I want to speak specifically to some 
of the rail provisions in the legislation. I want to say that thanks to the lead-ership of Senators Wicker and Booker and the bipartisan contributions of the members of the Commerce, Science, and Transportation Committee, the legislation before the Senate today in-cludes critically important provisions from the bipartisan Rail Reform, En-hancement, and Efficiency Act that our committee passed by voice vote last month. 
This bill reauthorizes Amtrak 
through fiscal year 2019, while increas-ing rail safety, improving infrastruc-ture, cutting redtape, and empowering local officials. Following the tragic May 12 derailment of Amtrak 188 in Philadelphia that resulted in eight fa-talities, Senator W
ICKER and B OOKER  
added additional rail safety provisions that were approved by the committee. 
The bipartisan rail bill that passed in 
committee and is included in the multiyear transportation bill before the Senate today would also advance the deployment of positive train con-trol technology for averting accidents. I am proud to note that we recently amended the multiyear transportation legislation to expand this authoriza-tion. Never before has the Senate au-thorized robust, dedicated, and manda-tory funding for positive train control implementation. 
The amendment accepted by the Sen-
ate earlier today would authorize $199 million in PTC grants and loan financ-ing for commuter railroads in fiscal year 2016. This is the highest single- year authorization for PTC ever. Using the Railroad Rehabilitation and Im-provement Financing Program, com-muter railroads will be able to leverage this funding for $2 billion in loans, nec-essary to cover the PTC capital needs. 
In addition to advancing the deploy-
ment of PTC, the Wicker-Booker bill would require speed limit action plans for all passenger railroads to address automatic train control modifications, crew communication practices, and other measures to prevent overspeed derailments while positive train con-trol is being implemented. It would 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JY6.067 S29JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6114 July 29, 2015 
also require grade crossing action plans 
to improve State grade crossing safety efforts, and it would consolidate grant programs to focus resources on critical safety and infrastructure needs. 
Building on the work of the com-
merce committee’s ranking member, Senator N
ELSON , the bill would in-
crease the rail passenger liability cap for inflation from the $200 million level set in 1997 to $295 million, with infla-tion adjustments every 5 years. The bill applies a new higher cap retro-actively to the date of the Amtrak ac-cident in Philadelphia, thereby raising the potential compensation available to victims and their families. 
This legislation also includes a meas-
ure from Senator P
ETERS to require a 
thorough examination of Amtrak’s postaccident response following the Philadelphia derailment, ensuring a close look at whether Amtrak ad-dressed the needs of families and pas-sengers involved in tragedy. 
Senator P
ETERS ’ work will make 
meaningful improvements to Amtrak’s emergency preparedness going forward. As we worked on the legislation before our committee’s adoption, I included a requirement for all passenger railroads in the Nation to install inward- and outward-facing cameras on their loco-motives. 
This fulfills an outstanding rec-
ommendation of the National Trans-portation Safety Board. These cameras will not only help with accident inves-tigations, a need that we saw following the Philadelphia derailment, but they will help monitor each passenger rail-road’s compliance with critical safety requirements. Last week I received a letter from NTSB Chairman Chris-topher Hart stating: 
I applaud the recent passage of the pas-
senger rail safety bill. I was pleased to see the inclusion of recommendations regarding inward and outward facing audio and image recorders. Thank you for your support of the NTSB. 
The bill also includes extensive con-
tributions from Senator B LUMENTHAL  
to improve passenger rail safety, in-cluding redundant signal protection to increase roadway worker safety, poten-tially preventing tragedies such as the one in West Haven, CT, in 2013. 
Senator B
LUMENTHAL also made im-
portant contributions on provisions covering alerters, signage, and track inspections. The bill includes his pro-posal for the Federal Railroad Admin-istration to increase oversight of need-ed safety improvements at Metro- North. 
I call my colleagues’ attention to the 
following document: the Federal Rail-road Administration’s ‘‘Operation Deep Dive Report’’ outlining the safety con-cerns at Metro-North and setting forth specific directed actions. The bill be-fore the Senate would require the FRA to follow up on that report and its rec-ommendations. 
I also call my colleagues’ attention 
to Emergency Order No. 29, which was issued after terrible derailments in the Bronx, Bridgeport, CT, and West 
Haven, CT. This bill would apply the emergency order’s speed limit action plan framework to the entire passenger rail network, reducing the risk of fu-ture overspeed derailments. 
I would also like to include a state-
ment from Senator B
LUMENTHAL fol-
lowing the news that 13 current and former Metro-North employees had been accused of cheating on licensing exams. The statement reads: ‘‘My amendment was accepted into the bill, which was voted out of the committee favorably, and I urge the Senate to take up the measure swiftly so we can ensure Metro-North is implementing true safety reforms.’’ 
I echo Senator B
LUMENTHAL ’s state-
ment on Metro-North, and I ask unani-mous consent that it be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
JUNE30, 2015. 
BLUMENTHAL STATEMENT ON METRO -NORTH  
CHEATING SCANDAL  
HARTFORD , CT.—U.S. Senator Richard 
Blumenthal (D-Conn.) issued the following statement today regarding news that 13 cur-rent and former Metro-North employees have been accused of cheating on exams to be-come licensed conductors and engineers: 
‘‘The scale and scope of these revelations 
are sweeping and shocking—yet another searing indictment of Metro-North’s safety training programs and procedures. Metro- North owes the public a better explanation to this apparent serious criminal conduct, and I will call for congressional hearings to compel them to do so. 
Over a year ago, the Federal Railroad Ad-
ministration conducted a Deep Dive inves-tigation of Metro-North and found deeply disturbing flaws in Metro-North’s training program. The news today that 13 employees have been indicted for cheating on a training exam raises more troubling questions about whether the training program at Metro- North remains weak, ineffective—or worse, susceptible to criminal conduct. These pro-cedures must be improved and the flaws dis-covered by the FRA must be addressed. That is why I pushed last week for an amendment to a rail bill in the Commerce Committee that will require FRA to provide Congress with quarterly reports on the nearly 30 rec-ommendations outlined in the Deep Dive re-port. My amendment was accepted into the bill, which was voted out of the committee favorably, and I urge the Senate to take up the measure swiftly so we can ensure Metro- North is implementing true safety reforms,’’ Blumenthal said. 
Mr. THUNE. I urge the Senate to en-
sure Metro-North and other railroads improve safety by voting in support of the bill before the Senate. 
Working with Senator C
ANTWELL , 
who has been a strong advocate for crude-by-rail safety, we have also in-cluded in the bill new requirements for real-time train information to aid emergency response officials in the event of an accident. Senator B
ALDWIN  
worked last week to ensure emergency officials have advance notice of crude oil and ethanol unit trains traveling through their jurisdictions. 
This bill also includes a provision for 
comprehensive oilspill response plans to ensure railroads are prepared and 
have resources positioned to respond to worst case scenarios, another priority from our colleague from Washington State, Senator C
ANTWELL . 
Further, aiding emergency response 
efforts, Senators B OOKER and M ENEN -
DEZ included provisions that prohibit 
the withholding of train information from first responders. Their work will also examine the sufficiency of re-sponse information carried by train crews addressing issues raised in rela-tion to the 2012 derailment in Paulsburo, NJ. 
Senator M
ANCHIN worked to ensure 
tank car owners and shippers annually report on their compliance with the new tank requirements requiring stronger oversight for those important safety upgrades. In addition, Senator M
ANCHIN and I have agreed on the need 
for a real-world derailment test of elec-tronically controlled pneumatic, or ECP, brakes. As this testing moves for-ward, the existing Department of Transportation requirements will be kept in place unless the real-world testing and evaluation show the re-quirement is not justified. 
Enhancing the bill’s grade crossing 
safety provisions, Senator G
ARDNER  
added stronger oversight of the Federal Railroad Administration’s actions per-taining to the use of locomotive horns at highway-rail grade crossings. 
Senator K
LOBUCHAR included timely 
provisions to help address issues with the blocking of crossings as a result of idling trains. The bill also incorporates the work of Senator R
OYBLUNT , whose 
TRAIN Act, cosponsored by Senators M
ANCHIN , H ELLER , and myself, will 
streamline the permitting process for rail improvements, making our critical infrastructure dollars go even further. 
Senator D
AINES included provisions 
to improve Amtrak’s operations through the study of new station devel-opment options where Amtrak would turn a profit, potentially increasing private sector investment in our Na-tion’s passenger rail system. The re-forms extend to project financing, and Senator B
OOKER ’s embedded RRIF bill, 
cosponsored by Senators H ELLER , CAR-
PER, and K IRK, will create a faster and 
more flexible RRIF Program. 
I also applaud Senator K IRKfor his 
contributions to the RRIF reform bill, improving the loan process and facili-tating more timely and transparent de-cisions. These RRIF loans can be used for safety improvements, including positive train control. It also explains why its inclusion in the broader sur-face transportation bill is strongly sup-ported by Transportation for America, the States for Passenger Rail Coali-tion, the National Association of Rail-road Passengers, the American Public Transportation Association, and the Southern Rail Commission. 
I ask unanimous consent to have 
printed in the R
ECORD the statement 
from Transportation for America. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JY6.092 S29JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6115 July 29, 2015 
TRANSPORTATION FOR AMERICA , 
Washington, DC, July 14, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNTHUNE , 
Chairman, Senate Commerce Committee, Wash-
ington, DC. 
DEARCHAIRMAN THUNE : We write to thank 
you for your leadership on the Comprehen-sive Transportation and Consumer Protec-tion Act of 2015, which authorizes the federal passenger rail program with the transpor-tation safety and freight provisions under the jurisdiction of the Commerce Committee through 2021. 
The Comprehensive Transportation and 
Consumer Protection Act of 2015 authorizes the passenger rail program as part of the broader surface transportation program for the first time. The bill incorporates the Rail-road Reform, Enhancement, and Efficiency Act (S. 1626) that already received unani-mous approval from the Commerce Com-mittee on June 25, 2015. The passenger rail bill would provide sustainable funding and enhancement opportunities for a unified na-tional passenger rail program, while also im-proving the safety of the rail system. This is an important step in supporting a truly multimodal approach to providing people im-proved mobility and access to destinations. 
The Comprehensive Transportation and 
Consumer Protection Act of 2015 also makes progress to improve the movement of freight and enhance U.S. economic competitiveness by improving freight transportation serving agriculture, manufacturing, energy, retail and other sectors. Freight movement is in-herently multimodal and multi-jurisdic-tional. It requires a program with broad eli-gibilities and a competitive approach to guarantee that limited funding is targeted to the projects with the greatest impact. This proposal moves the federal transportation program in the right direction in addressing the nation’s freight needs. 
We look forward to working with you and 
your committee to address remaining con-cerns with the bill, such as the future of the TIGER program; however it is clear that pas-sage of the Comprehensive Transportation and Consumer Protection Act of 2015 would be an important step forward in creating a transportation program that will boost the nation’s economy and ensure future pros-perity. 
Sincerely, 
J
AMES CORLESS , 
Director. 
Mr. THUNE. Transportation for 
America wrote that the committee-re-ported legislation would be an impor-tant step forward in creating a trans-portation program that will boost the Nation’s economy and ensure future prosperity. It also stated that the bill would improve the safety of our Na-tion’s rail system. 
Building on the work of the com-
merce committee, the multiyear Transportation bill also includes a bi-partisan extension to the PTC dead-line. The bipartisan extension is a rig-orous case-by-case approach, with en-forceable milestones and metrics. 
The Secretary of Transportation ap-
proves or disapproves of the dates in a railroad’s updated implementation schedule, including the hard end date for implementation. Under no cir-cumstances can the Secretary approve a date for full installation and activa-tion that is later than 2018. The Sec-retary also has the authority to iden-tify and require changes to deficient schedules that do not show safe and successful implementation as soon as 
practicable. 
Multiple government reports, includ-
ing from the Government Account-ability Office, the DOT, and the FRA, have concluded that the vast majority of railroads will not meet the Decem-ber 31, 2015, deadline for PTC imple-mentation. This extension will not delay safe and successful implementa-tion of positive train control tech-nology. Rather, it offers a realistic ap-proach to ensure this important tech-nology is implemented as quickly as possible without risking shutdowns of rail service that will not meet the cur-rent deadline no matter what the law says. This proposal is not novel. Senate bill S. 1006, with original cosponsors B
LUMENTHAL , S CHUMER , and G ILLI-
BRAND , would extend the deadline to 
2018 on a case-by-case basis in 1-year increments. Despite good-faith efforts from railroads, the Blumenthal exten-sion recognizes the deadline in current law simply is not attainable. 
Similarly, in its GROW AMERICA 
proposal, the administration requested giving the Secretary of Transportation discretion to extend the deadline on a case-by-case basis without any con-straints on the dates the Secretary may approve. 
We follow this model but add explicit 
constraints on installation and activa-tion by 2018, while allowing the Sec-retary discretion in overseeing testing to ensure that PTC works as intended. 
Recently, railroads from across the 
country explained the potential disrup-tion caused by the current unattain-able deadline. Virginia Railway Ex-press, or VRE, wrote to me stating that ‘‘VRE commuter rail operations could be suspended after December 31, 2015’’ and has requested more time to ensure that PTC works as intended. 
I ask unanimous consent to have 
printed in the R
ECORD the July 28, 2015, 
letter from Virginia Railway Express. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD as follows: 
VIRGINIA RAILWAY EXPRESS , 
Alexandria, VA, July 28, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNTHUNE , 
Chair, Hon. B
ILLNELSON , 
Ranking Member, Committee on Commerce, Science and Transpor-
tation, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. 
Dear C
HAIRMAN THUNE AND RANKING MEM-
BERNELSON : This letter supports the dead-
line extension for certification and inter-operability of Positive Train Control (PTC) to December 31, 2018 being incorporated into the Surface Transportation Authorization bill (DRIVE Act) now being considered in the U.S. Senate. The Virginia Railway Express is concerned that without an extension to the PTC deadline, VRE commuter rail oper-ations could be suspended after December 31, 2015 even though VRE has done everything in its control to comply with the requirements for PTC established in the Rail Safety Im-provement Act of 2008. 
The extension for PTC represents a com-
mon sense, bi-partisan approach and it al-lows sufficient time for VRE and it host rail-roads to test, commission and certify PTC for compliance. VRE is also supportive of the Rail Technical Grant program that provides 
$199 million to leverage financing and pro-vide direct grants to install PTC or for inter-operability between rail operators. 
Approval of the PTC deadline extension to 
December 31, 2018 gives VRE assurance that commuter rail operations will not be dis-rupted. I ask that you please support its pas-
sage. 
Sincerely, 
D
OUGALLEN , 
CEO. 
Mr. THUNE. Burlington Northern 
Santa Fe Railway, one of the freight railroads that collectively have spent over $5 billion in private funds on im-plementation, recently sent a letter to the Surface Transportation Board that stated the possibility that ‘‘if Congress has not extended the deadline for PTC operations, as of January 1, 2016, nei-ther passenger nor freight traffic would operate on BNSF lines that are re-quired by Federal law and regulation to have an interoperable PTC system as of that date.’’ 
Critically, as I have noted, this ex-
tension is now paired with robust, dedi-cated, and mandatory funding for PTC implementation among commuter rail-roads. Recently, the American Public Transportation Association, or APTA, surveyed its commuter railroad mem-bers and found that over 50 percent were deferring maintenance to install PTC and only 29 percent had a shot at installation by the end of the year. That is why APTA, the National Asso-ciation of Railroad Passengers, and rail labor support the inclusion of this crit-ical funding in this underlying meas-ure. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent to have printed in the R
ECORD the 
letter from the American Public Trans-portation Association. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
AMERICAN PUBLIC  
TRANSPORTATION ASSOCIATION , 
Washington, DC, July 28, 2015. 
Hon. J OHNTHUNE , 
Chairman, Senate Committee on Commerce, 
Science and Transportation, Washington DC. 
D
EAR CHAIRMAN THUNE : We understand 
that the manager’s amendment on the Com-merce Committee title of the bill authorizes $199 million in funding that can be used by public commuter railroads for grants, or to leverage financing, for the implementation of positive train control (PTC) systems. These funds are of critical importance as commuter railroads address the $3.5 billion in costs associated with installing PTC sys-tems under the new deadline and process also included in the bill. APTA appreciates the committee’s effort to support implementa-tion. 
APTA’s commuter railroads support the 
implementation of PTC on all commuter and intercity passenger rail lines, but we do not believe that PTC can be implemented on the entire system by the current statutory dead-line, despite good faith efforts. The funds provided in the bill, in conjunction with the authority for the Secretary to oversee imple-mentation of PTC systems by the end of 2018, will help ensure that PTC is safely installed as quickly as possible. We do not think it makes sense for commuter railroads to cease operations on January 1, 2016 because they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY6.043 S29JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6116 July 29, 2015 
were unable to install PTC by the current 
deadline, despite their best efforts to imple-ment this new technology. 
Thank you for consideration of our views. 
We remain committed to PTC implementa-tion and we look forward to working with Congress as it advances this important transportation bill. If you have questions, please contact Brian Tynan of APTA’s Gov-ernment Affairs staff at btynan@apta.com or at (202) 496–4897. 
Sincerely, 
M
ICHAEL P. M ELANIPHY , 
President & CEO. 
Mr. THUNE. APTA wrote: ‘‘These 
funds are of critical importance as commuter railroads address the $3.5 billion in costs associated with install-ing PTC systems.’’ 
The National Association of Railroad 
Passengers wrote: ‘‘Just as important as the level of the authorization is the structure of the eligibility . . . RRIF could potentially be used to leverage the amount provided by the DRIVE Act by a factor of ten.’’ 
The Senate has an important oppor-
tunity to advance deployment of posi-tive train control and help commuter railroads get over the finish line. 
In sum, this is a national rail safety 
and infrastructure improvement bill. 
Amtrak provides service to over 30 
million per year, with stops in over 500 communities and in 46 States. New York has about 6 million riders, Penn-sylvania about 3 million, and States such as Florida, Virginia, and Wash-ington all have over 1 million riders. 
This bill also improves the safety of 
commuter railroads, which collectively have nearly 500 million boardings per year. Metro-North, serving New York, Connecticut, Long Island Railroad, and New Jersey Transit each have 80 mil-lion boardings per year. These pas-sengers deserve the critical safety and infrastructure improvements put for-ward in this bipartisan legislation. 
The failure to pass this bipartisan 
DRIVE Act, which includes these pas-senger rail investments and safety im-provements, would be a significant loss to the traveling public who utilize pas-senger rail systems across the country. 
I would simply conclude by adding 
that this is a copy of all the letters of support we have received regarding provisions in this legislation, regarding the legislation in its entirety, and I en-courage Members of the Senate to sup-port it. 
In addition to the letters I have al-
ready included, there are literally probably hundreds of letters in here from organizations that are impacted, affected by, and benefit from provi-sions in the DRIVE Act. 
So I hope when this comes to a final 
vote, which I believe it will sometime tomorrow, that we will demonstrate in a big bipartisan fashion our support for this legislation, not only for what it does for roads and bridges but what it does for freight transportation in this country and specifically many of the things I have just mentioned that we have included as part of the rail provi-sions in this bill. I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
PLANNED PARENTHOOD  
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I am 
on the floor this afternoon to talk about something I have had to talk about far too many times—extreme Re-publicans pandering to their extreme base by attacking women’s health. 
My Republican colleagues have 
picked this fight over spending bills, over the debt ceiling, and the list goes on. In fact, they even tried last week to attach political riders attacking Planned Parenthood to a bill that was supposed to help seriously wounded veterans start families. So we know how far they are willing to go to appeal to the tea party, and what we are dis-cussing today is more of the same. 
Republicans are using undercover at-
tack videos, produced by a radical, rightwing organization dedicated to taking away a woman’s right to choose, to once again on the floor try to defund Planned Parenthood and take away critical health services from women. 
As Republicans try once again to get 
in between a woman and her health care, my colleagues are on the floor today to make one thing very clear: This bill is a nonstarter. We are stand-ing up to be the voices for millions of men and women across the country and to say we are not going to let Repub-licans hurt women and take away their health care—not on our watch. 
Mr. President, 2.7 women and men 
visit Planned Parenthood each year for health care. One in five women will visit Planned Parenthood at some point in her life. These women and their families are looking for every-thing from cancer screenings to birth control, to basic primary care, and the bill some of my Republican colleagues have introduced would take all of that away. It would leave women without the providers they know and the pro-viders they trust. 
I don’t think women want the tea 
party making their health care deci-sions for them, but under this bill that is exactly what would happen and that is why it is not going anywhere. Repub-licans can go ahead and try for the umpteenth time to turn back the clock on women’s health and score political points with their extreme base. They can pander to the tea party instead of working with us on the real challenges this country faces. We need to be cre-ating jobs, growing our economy, and actually expanding access to health care. 
We want them to know we are going 
to be right there as this comes to the floor, fighting back to make sure women come before politics and not the other way around. We have fought this battle before and again and again and again. Battles we all thought were 
settled, that women across the country thought they had won decades ago keep coming back. And each time we have made it clear: We are not going away. 
Republicans can keep trying to at-
tack women’s health care, they can put new spins on old ideas, they can try talking about it in a different way, and they can look for any opportunity they want to bring this back up, but they should know we are not going to be fooled and they will not fool women across the country. Women in this country should be able to make their own decision about their own health care. Our government should be invest-ing in women’s health, helping more women get access to care, not moving in the opposite direction. 
I very much hope Republicans finally 
learn their lesson and move on to the other things, but, if not, we need them to know we are going to be here ready to stand and fight for women in this country. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Connecticut. 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I 
am proud to join my colleague from Washington State, a very distinguished and dedicated colleague, and others such as she who are championing this cause of defending Planned Parent-hood. I am proud to stand with Planned Parenthood in advocating and cham-pioning the cause of women’s health care in this country. 
Planned Parenthood needs no defense 
and, indeed, this body should not be spending valuable time and energy in this attack on women’s health care that is epitomized by an effort to defund Planned Parenthood. 
Let’s be very clear. Planned Parent-
hood provides countless women across this country with STD testing, breast cancer screening, funding research in strengthening women’s health care, and contraception. None of these ac-tivities is involved in abortion. They are entirely unrelated to abortion. They are about women’s health care. The effort to defund Planned Parent-hood is, in fact, an attack on women’s health care. 
Planned Parenthood should need no 
defense from any of us because its ac-
tivities immensely benefit women who depend on it and rely on its profes-sionals for basic screening, testing, and other activities that protect them from the ravages of cancer and other kinds of diseases that will cost more to this Nation if we deny Planned Parenthood that funding. 
Planned Parenthood is under attack. 
It is under siege from a sensationalistic and disingenuous kind of publicity that is based on undercover videos. People are offended by them, and Planned Par-enthood has in fact spoken to the mer-its of them. I encourage Planned Par-enthood to continue speaking to those videos. Another was released just yes-terday. 
Planned Parenthood needs no defense 
from us because the American people 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY6.046 S29JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6117 July 29, 2015 
support it. American women do be-
cause they know the reality, which is different from what is depicted in those videos. The reality is that Planned Parenthood provides funding for wom-en’s health care. So the funding of women’s health care by defunding Planned Parenthood should not be the goal or the effect of anything we do in this body. 
I am proud to stand and urge my col-
leagues to reject this attack from the most extreme members of the anti- choice movement, which seeks to un-dermine critical access to health care through Planned Parenthood. My hope is that congressional opinion, like American public opinion, will continue to be, as we are, on the side of Planned Parenthood. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Georgia. 
VETERANS HEALTH CARE  
Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I will 
be joined on the floor by the distin-guished Senator from Connecticut, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , who is the ranking mem-
ber of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee; Senator M
CCAINof Arizona, who is the 
leader behind the Choice movement that took place last year in August; and Senator R
OYBLUNT from Missouri. 
As we speak, at this very moment 
the House is voting. They are voting on a 3-month extension of the highway bill. But more importantly to us on the Veterans’ Affairs Committee and to our veterans, they are voting on a bill we have agreed to, to fix the problem at the VA with regard to the funding of our hospitals and health care, and to open up a new day in terms of Veterans Administration services to the vet-
erans of our country. 
I was pleased to be joined by Senator 
B
LUMENTHAL at the VA a couple of 
weeks ago where we had a heart-to- heart, 4-hour meeting with Secretary McDonald, Sloan Gibson, and others about the false-intended press release that was sent out of the VA saying they were about to run out of money, health care was going to be stopped in certain places, and some hospitals might be closed. That was a misleading 
press release. It was meant to create a crisis that didn’t really exist. The cri-sis was not in not having the money. The crisis was in addressing the money and having to organize it in such a way it could meet VA’s needs. What is at-tached to the highway bill and coming over here is the following: redirection of $3.348 billion in the Choice money which was appropriated last year into a central fund for health care, just as the funds for non-VA health care and reg-ular health care are. Now all of the money for veterans’ benefits is in the same pie. And the limitations on the paying for benefits that were in the Choice bill are not going to be there any longer, so all the money can be used for what it was intended, and that is to pay for the benefits for our vet-erans who have earned them. 
In addition, there will be an addition 
to the 40-mile rule to say that any vet-eran who lives further than 40 miles 
away, or inside of 40 miles but can’t get the services they need for their health care, can use Choice to get to a health care provider of their choosing. 
Choice was passed to react to the ter-
rible crisis in the VA in Arizona when the Phoenix, AZ, hospital had veterans die because appointments weren’t kept, veterans couldn’t get services, and mental health issues couldn’t be han-dled. The Choice Act was engineered by Senators Burr and McCain, who did a good job. 
We are proud to be modifying it in 
this highway extension to be sure we do not run out of funding and not ap-propriate an additional dime other than what we already have. For Mem-bers who are listening to these remarks and will vote tomorrow, I want them to understand quite clearly that when they read the bill it will show money as emergency funding. That doesn’t mean it is new or additional money. It just means the money that was appro-priated last year as emergency funding for VA Choice will be able to be used only for benefits for veterans in terms of health care no matter what program they are in—non-VA, regular VA or VA Choice. 
We want to see to it that Choice is a 
force multiplier, Choice is the way we get our veterans’ timely appointments, Choice is the way we utilize and maxi-mize the ability of our country to meet the needs of our veterans and bring pri-vate sector participation into service for our veterans without diminishing or taking away the services our vet-erans get from the VA. 
I appreciate Senator B
LUMENTHAL  
and the contributions he made in the meeting 2 weeks ago. I want to com-mend Chairman M
ILLER and Ranking 
Member B ROWN in the House for all the 
work they did, and Speaker B OEHNER , 
who was instrumental in making this come about. 
I now yield to Senator B
LUMENTHAL , 
then Senator M CCAIN, and then Sen-
ator B LUNT . 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I 
thank the chairman of the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, who has correctly and appropriately stated what our goal is in seeking the transfer of funding—a goal that will be fulfilled by the bill coming to us from the House. It is, in fact, coming to us from the House, but as Chairman I
SAKSON has very cor-
rectly stated, it is the result of an ini-tiative that he—and I have been very proud to join him in this effort—initi-ated with the VA Secretary at our meeting last week. And the leadership of the House has joined in that effort. 
I am proud and honored to be his 
partner in this effort, which is abso-lutely necessary to continue the VA’s health care programs. This transfer of $3.4 billion is required by the fact that the community and care programs of the VA will in effect exhaust their rev-enue streams unless we enable the VA to use some of this Choice funding in this effort. It is necessary to permit VA programs and veterans to have ac-
cess to money that is there. It is for the same purpose as the community and care programs. They are, in fact, identical programs in terms of their basic efforts and goals. 
The meeting we had—that Chairman 
I
SAKSON had last week—was very pro-
ductive and important in reaching a consensus, a bipartisan consensus, and I urge my Democratic colleagues on this side of the aisle to join this effort to enable VA programs to go forward and to make sure we continue to keep faith with our veterans. We should leave no veteran behind when it comes to health care. We must make sure that we fulfill our obligation to all of our veterans in mental health care, in physical health care, in primary health care, and all the specialties that are served by this program. 
I thank my very good friend from 
Georgia for his leadership in this ef-fort. I am proud to be his partner in serving this goal. 
I yield the floor, and I thank the 
Chair. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
EE). 
The Senator from Arizona. 
Mr. M CCAIN. Mr. President, I want 
to thank Senator B LUMENTHAL and also 
my friend from Georgia, the distin-guished chairman of the Veterans’ Af-fairs Committee, who is ensuring we continue strong oversight and account-ability at the VA. It is much needed. 
There are a lot of problems, but what 
the Senator from Georgia has done on a bipartisan basis is to continue the funding to add billions of dollars on top of the VA’s request. We have approved of every single increase for funding that has been requested, and yet I am disappointed the administration is seeking to use funds originally allo-cated for the VA Choice card to pay for hospital and medical treatment needs. 
Thanks to the work, though, of the 
Senator from Georgia and our other 
colleagues, including Chairman M
ILLER  
in the House of Representatives, we will ensure the VA health care will continue without any funding interrup-tions through the summer and into the new fiscal year. We will do this to en-sure that our disabled veterans do not suffer from the VA bureaucracies’ mis-takes and mismanagement. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent to engage in a brief colloquy with the Senator from Georgia. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. I would ask the Senator 
from Georgia if he would agree the Choice card was really a major break-through in concept, in that at least a certain portion of our veteran popu-lation, rather than having to go a long distance in order to get VA care, would be able to go to a local provider? 
I wonder if the Senator from Georgia 
would discuss for a moment, or com-ment on, whether that program has been viable, whether it is accepted or not accepted by our veterans popu-lation, and whether we need to make it permanent or not. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JY6.099 S29JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6118 July 29, 2015 
Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I thank 
the Senator from Arizona for his ques-tion. It was the Senator from Arizona who initiated the Choice Act move-ment in August of last year when we had the terrible crisis in Phoenix where appointments weren’t made for vet-erans in trouble and, in some cases, some of them died. 
We created Choice to be sure if a vet-
eran needed an appointment within 30 days, or immediately, if it was mental health or other things, and the VA medical facility couldn’t provide it, they could use Choice to go to a local provider, either because of distance or service offered. That was initiated in November of last year, and it has grown almost every single month in utility and use because it gives the VA a way, when they are backed up, to meet the needs of a veteran without just saying we cannot help. It is be-coming more and more popular. 
Not only is it helping veterans to get 
services on a timely basis, it is a force multiplier for the VA. Every time we can use a local Medicare-approved phy-sician, which is what Choice does, we are saving the VA having to hire an-other physician, having to build an-other hospital room, and having to pro-vide another service. Yet the VA has control of the services going to the vet-eran. 
We have 6.5 million American vet-
erans who have received Choice cards since November of last year. The num-bers started out slow, but they are picking up every single month because veterans like the fact that they can go closer to home for what the VA can’t offer, they can get the service they need if the VA can’t offer it, and they can be served in a timely fashion. 
I thank the Senator for his initiation 
of this whole movement last August and for being a part of getting this ad-dition passed today. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I thank 
the Senator from Georgia, and I would ask two more questions. 
One is, how important is it that we 
make it permanent, and maybe even look towards expansion of eligibility for the card; and second of all, I know the Senator from Georgia has already discussed it, but when we have a $1.7 billion cost overrun on the construc-tion of one VA hospital—and we see cost overruns literally everywhere throughout the VA on their construc-tion projects—how do we fix that? 
Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, we are 
fixing it, and I appreciate both ques-tions. 
On question No. 1, we need to repeal 
the sunset of Choice, which is in 2 years, and make it permanent. Choice is a force multiplier for the VA, which is good, and it is an added service for our veterans, which is also good. I com-mit to you as chairman that I am going to work towards eliminating the sunset so Choice is permanent in VA health services from now on. 
As far as hospital cost overruns, the 
Senator is right. Denver was $1.732 bil-lion—a 428-percent overrun—but look 
at Orlando, FL, and look at three other hospitals we have built, all of them being two or three times the original estimate. The VA needs to be taken out of the business of building hos-pitals, and we are doing that and trans-ferring it to the Corps of Engineers, who are the people who know how to build something. 
The VA needs to manage the health 
delivery system for our veterans. That is what they need to be providing. They do not need to be building buildings. They don’t need to be keeping us out of their business. They need, instead, to find private sector solutions wherever they can and do what they were char-tered to do, which is to provide services for veterans who fought and sacrificed for our country. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. In other words, from 
now on, if there is a new VA facility to be built, that will be supervised and constructed by the Corps of Engineers? 
Mr. ISAKSON. Exactly. With one ex-
ception. If it is a modification to a CBOC or a clinic or something like that, that is a smaller allocation or a smaller appropriation. Maybe anything under $25 million, they might do, but anything over $25 million, such as a hospital, they won’t do it. The Corps of Engineers will do it. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Well, I am sure it is 
probably a dumb question, but has any-body been held accountable? I am sure that is a stupid question. 
Mr. ISAKSON. It is the most intel-
ligent question anybody can ask. The press questioned me in Denver, when I went there, along with Ranking Mem-ber B
LUMENTHAL , and we looked at the 
situation firsthand. After looking at it and interviewing the VA people, we were asked by the Denver Post how we could explain this mess, and I asked them very simply if they knew what a camel was. They said no. I said that is a horse built by a committee. Well, the Denver hospital is a camel—a horse being built by a committee, most of whom have left and are not there to be held accountable anymore. 
It is unconscionable and irresponsible 
for that hospital to be costing what it has cost. We have finally put our arms around it. We have finally put people in place with accountability, and the Corps of Engineers is now overseeing the completion of that hospital so we don’t have more overruns like we had. It was a matter of nobody being in charge and everybody being in charge— too many chiefs and not enough Indi-ans. We had people in charge of health care building buildings, and that wasn’t what we needed. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. I think they must have 
gotten some of those bureaucrats from the Pentagon. 
I want to thank both Senator 
B
LUMENTHAL and you, Mr. Chairman, 
for the great work you are doing. As you know, this whole scandal began in Arizona at the Phoenix VA, where alle-gations remain that over 50 veterans died while awaiting care. Obviously all of us have an obligation to all of our 
veterans, but I know my colleagues can understand the special aspects of where this whole thing began. 
I am very grateful, and on behalf of 
the veterans of my State, I thank both of you for your leadership and your commitment. I will be going back to my veterans community, and I will be having townhall meetings and meet-ings with them and ensuring them that at least we think we are taking meas-ures that put us on the right track. 
I thank the Senator from Missouri 
for his patience while we engaged in this colloquy. 
Mr. ISAKSON. I want to acknowledge 
the fact that Choice would have never happened, and this would have never happened, had the Senator from Ari-zona not immediately responded when the crisis first started and fixed this. We appreciate his leadership, and we are glad to follow him. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Connecticut. 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I 
thank our friend from Arizona, the dis-tinguished cosponsor with me of the Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention for American Veterans Act, for his great work in this area as well as on health care generally for our veterans. He has raised one of the most profoundly im-portant as well as intelligent questions about accountability—accountability for the debacle and delays in health care and cooking the books that led to the Choice program, but also account-ability for the cost overruns in the con-struction of the Aurora, CO, facility— $1 billion at least over budget, and months, if not years, of delays, as well as in other construction facilities. 
I would just say to my friend from 
Arizona that the chairman and I are fo-cused on the accountability issue, and we are working together in a bipar-tisan way on a legislative measure that will meet the test of constitutionality as well as effectiveness in holding ac-countable past and future officials at the VA for these kinds of mismanage-ment and in other areas. So I thank him for raising this issue. 
I apologize to my colleague from Mis-
souri for delaying him from taking the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Missouri. 
Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I join 
Senator M
CCAINin thanking Senators 
ISAKSON and B LUMENTHAL for the pack-
age we are putting together and talk-ing about. And I join them in thanking Senator M
CCAIN for coming forward 
and giving reality to this idea that many of us have advocated for some time—more choices for veterans, more competition to see who serves vet-erans. I think the numbers Senator I
SAKSON has used here today would in-
dicate that every month veterans are embracing this idea of more choices. 
It makes common sense that there 
are a few things the veterans health care system should be better at than anybody else. They should be better at 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JY6.069 S29JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6119 July 29, 2015 
post-traumatic stress, dealing with 
that unique battle situation so many of our veterans are facing right now. It is not a disorder; it is a problem veterans have because of what we ask them to do and where we ask them to do it. They should be better at IEDs, the ex-plosive devices, dealing with the inju-ries that come from those kinds of at-tacks, eye injuries and others. They should be better, in all likelihood, at dealing with prosthetics because in the history of military service, so many of our people who serve have lost arms and legs. The VA has been good at prosthetics because of that. 
But, frankly, I don’t know very much 
else we should argue that they should be better at than the place we probably drive by to get to their facility. There is absolutely no reason to think the Veterans’ Administration should be a better place to get heart bypass sur-gery done or a better place to get renal cancer dealt with or a better place to do almost anything else. If, in fact, there is a unique VA location that has become better at those things than anybody else, that is a great place for veterans to go. But our goal should be to get veterans the choice they need to go to the location that works best for them. 
In looking at veterans mental health, 
Senator S
TABENOW and I last year pro-
posed the Excellence in Mental Health Act. Particularly young veterans want to have more choices. They want more choices that work better with work and work better with their families and let them access those kinds of facilities and that kind of assistance in an easier way. 
Seeing the steps this bill begins to 
take is something we should all em-brace. 
We should also hold the VA account-
able for doing everything they could— it appears to me—to resist the concept Congress wanted them to embrace. This bill addresses some of those obsta-cles. 
I joined with Senator M
ORAN in a bill 
he had so the Veterans’ Administration could no longer say: Well, the way we read the law, in the strictest possible sense, if you are within 40 miles of a fa-cility—no matter whether your health care problem can be dealt with there or not—you don’t meet the 40-mile cri-teria. Well, of course the intention of Congress wasn’t that they meet a 40- mile criteria. This piece of legislation, with the help of Senator B
LUMENTHAL , 
Senator I SAKSON , and Chairman M IL-
LER in the House, begins to clarify 
that. 
I had a bill the House passed some 
time ago—Hire More Heroes—that al-lows veterans to have some advantage with companies that hiring that are right at 50 employees, and because of the difficulties of the new health care requirements for employers, those em-ployers don’t want to get to more than 50. The Hire More Heroes provision of this will let veterans who have TRICARE—who have veteran-provided care of one kind or another—be hired 
by an employer and not count toward the 50 because they don’t need to be counted in terms of who needs health care because they already have it. That is what this does. 
So I would like to see a better job 
done. The Cochran facility in St. Louis—I think one of the more trou-bled facilities in the country right now—the big VA hospital there is about to get its eighth Interim Direc-tor in 2 years. Now, there is some seri-ous management problem when one of our major facilities with some signifi-cant problems as an agency is now looking forward to its eighth Interim Director in 2 years. No problems are going to be solved by half a dozen In-terim Directors. The head of the VA needs to understand that just like ev-erybody else does. 
The waiting list for getting a VA ap-
pointment is longer than 30 days and is more than 50 percent bigger than it was a year ago. 
So the choice aspect of this—looking 
for more flexibility in how to apply the ability of veterans to get their health care where they want to get their health care—is a good thing. 
I am certainly disappointed that we 
are looking at another short-term ex-tension of the highway bill, but if we have to put something with that short- term extension of the highway bill that moves veterans choice and competing for who can provide health care to vet-erans in the best way, as this addition does, I think it is a great step in the right direction. 
I certainly want to work with Sen-
ator B
LUMENTHAL , and the chairman’s 
pledge to do everything he can to make this competitive environment, where veterans can get their health care where they want in the best way, a per-manent part of veterans health care— that is something I want to do. 
One of my good friends introduced 
me at a meeting at a VA hospital about a year ago. He said: Senator B
LUNT has 
been telling me for about 10 years that we need to have more choice. I have been telling him the VA could do the job. I am now convinced that more choice is what we need. 
Many of our veterans and their fami-
lies have had great experiences at Vet-erans’ Administration facilities, but every one of them should have a great experience, the best possible experience at whatever facility they go to in grat-itude of the service they provided us. 
I am glad these additions are in the 
bill. I look forward to working with my colleagues as we try to make competi-tion work better, as we try to ensure that it is permanent, and as we try to make the Veterans’ Administration work for the veterans instead of being focused on working for the Veterans’ Administration. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Connecticut. 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I 
thank my colleague for his support, and I appreciate the comments made 
by Senator I
SAKSON and Senator 
MCCAIN. We had bipartisan support for 
this initiative to make sure our vet-erans continue to receive health care that is necessary because funds will be terminated at the end of August if we fail to act. It is, in effect, a short-term fix that is necessary because of the present structure of funding within the VA. I think we can take this step and leave for another day the question of how long the Choice Program should be extended, if it should be extended at all. 
My hope is that accountability and 
funding will focus on making the VA even better than it is. The reason for accountability is to make sure VA hos-pitals and providers are giving our vet-erans world-class, first-class health care. 
I welcome the focus of the Senator 
from Missouri on what the VA does well. I hope it does everything well that it is doing. From primary care, to women’s health care, to all of the clin-ics that are, to the initiatives it is tak-ing in telemedicine, the VA ought to be providing the best health care avail-able in the world to our veterans. They need it and deserve it. We need to make sure we keep faith with those veterans. 
I am proud we are taking this step on 
a bipartisan basis to address the short- term challenge of $3.4 billion that must be transferred from the Choice Pro-gram to other accounts in the VA and to make sure the money is available to provide this funding and keep health care going for our veterans. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
PLANNED PARENTHOOD  
Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, here 
we go again. Once again, Planned Par-enthood is under attack. A bill is be-fore the Senate that would once again attempt to defund Planned Parent-hood. And once again, we are seeing the Republican majority putting their partisan agenda ahead of the health of women. 
For 100 years, Planned Parenthood 
has been a trusted provider of health care services. Last year alone, Planned Parenthood of Northern New England served 12,000 women in New Hampshire. 
Most of them are low income. For many women in my State of New Hampshire, the full range of health services offered at Planned Parenthood is the most affordable and accessible way for them to get the care they need. Ninety-four percent of the services pro-vided by Planned Parenthood in New Hampshire are prevention-related. We can see on this chart that it is well- women visits, cancer screenings, vac-cinations, birth control, breast exams, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JY6.071 S29JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6120 July 29, 2015 
and HIV tests. Planned Parenthood 
provides the health care so many women need to ensure that they can live their lives in a way that gives them opportunities and gives them re-assurance that they are going to have their health. 
I oppose the legislation that has been 
introduced to defund Planned Parent-hood. It would make it harder for mil-lions of women—as I said, 12,000 in New Hampshire last year alone—to get the high-quality, affordable care they need. 
This attack on women’s health is po-
litically motivated. It holds hostage the millions of women and families who depend on Planned Parenthood. 
The highly edited videos that have 
been circulated are disturbing. Planned Parenthood has apologized, and the se-cretly taped videos and Planned Par-enthood’s practices are under review by the Department of Justice. That is ap-propriate. But make no mistake about it—the group who is responsible for theses deceptive videos is motivated by a single purpose: to limit access to abortion services. Its three officers are prominent in the anti-abortion move-ment. They have ties to many other politically motivated groups who are working to take away a woman’s right to choose. They have been tied to orga-nizations that harass medical pro-viders, doctors, and patients, try to limit access to women’s health care clinics, and they actively work to limit the reproductive health care decisions a woman can make. 
Federal dollars are already prohib-
ited from being used to pay for abor-tion under the Hyde amendment except in cases of rape, incest, or when the health of the mother is threatened. 
This is not a vote to defund abortion; 
this is a vote to defund preventive health care for women, the kinds of things that are outlined on this chart— the cancer screenings, the vaccina-tions, the breast exams, HIV tests, and birth control. 
If you don’t like abortion, then you 
should support family planning, which is one of the things Planned Parent-hood does. 
By targeting Planned Parenthood, 
this politically motivated attack on women’s health will limit access to health care services that I think we all agree should be available, the kinds of services that are listed on this chart. 
On behalf of the millions of women 
who are served by Planned Parenthood, and the thousands of women in New Hampshire, I oppose and I will continue to oppose any attempt to defund Planned Parenthood, an organization that is absolutely a critical component of women’s health care. 
Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
VEHICLE TECHNOLOGY  
Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, the 
United States is a world leader in new technological advancements, and in no sector is that better illustrated than 
the auto industry. 
We find ourselves at a critical junc-
ture in terms of vehicle technology. Advancements such as super-light-weight materials and vehicle-to-vehicle and vehicle-to-infrastructure commu-nications are rapidly coming to market and changing the way Americans get to work, travel on vacation, and move goods and services across the country. With a shared goal in maximizing the potential of these technologies, we must get ahead of the curve and think strategically about how to seamlessly weave them together in a way that will best increase public safety, fuel effi-ciency, and vehicle performance. That is why I am excited to be leading two bills that will provide the tools re-searchers, engineers, manufacturers, and others need to create the next gen-eration of cars and trucks built in Michigan and in States all across the country. 
The Vehicle Innovation Act builds on 
the Department of Energy’s innovative work to improve vehicle fuel economy and minimize petroleum use. The Vehi-cle Innovation Act is bipartisan, with strong support from my lead cospon-sors, Senator A
LEXANDER and Senator 
STABENOW . Thanks to a team effort, it 
passed as an amendment to a bipar-tisan energy bill in the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources yester-day by a vote of 20 to 2. 
The need for this legislation is clear. 
Oil dependency is driven by transpor-tation, particularly cars and trucks. Transportation is responsible for 66 percent of U.S. petroleum usage and 27 percent of greenhouse gas emissions. America’s dependence on oil poses sig-nificant economic, energy, and envi-ronmental risks to the United States, and the Department of Defense has rec-ognized that our reliance on oil puts our men and women in uniform at greater risk. 
We have 240 million light-duty vehi-
cles on the roads in the United States, and it will take decades of sustained ef-fort to turn over that fleet. 
It is absolutely critical that we de-
velop the advanced technologies now in order to achieve fuel savings in the fu-ture and become truly energy inde-pendent. The Vehicle Innovation Act establishes a consistent and consoli-dated authority for the Department of Energy’s Vehicle Technologies Pro-gram, which promotes partnerships with the public and private sector to improve fuel efficiency in vehicles. Through this program, the DOE will collaborate with light-duty automobile and medium- and heavy-duty commer-cial truck engineers, manufacturers, and suppliers to conduct cutting-edge research that will help us advance the future of fuel-efficient cars and trucks. DOE’s sustainable transportation ini-
tiatives are already making great strides in vehicle efficiency, and VIA will continue to strengthen those ac-tivities while providing new authori-ties to expand their work. 
The SuperTruck Initiative is a great 
example of this. Industry partners have achieved and exceeded the program goal of a 50-percent improvement in overall freight efficiency on a heavy- duty, class 8 tractor-trailer. Some have even reached over a 100-percent im-provement. My bill ensures that the DOE will be able to continue working with the industry on supertrucks. 
Another example that the Vehicle In-
novation Act will build on is the work on multimaterial, lightweight vehicles. Holistic vehicle and manufacturing de-sign improvements for reducing vehicle weight can result in weight reduction and fuel economy gains of over 20 per-cent. 
The Vehicle Innovation Act is tech-
nology neutral. It develops and strengthens the toolbox for auto ex-perts without picking winners and los-ers. It also directs the Department of Energy to continue its investment into multiple transformational tech-nologies, such as hydrogen and bat-teries. DOE research and development has cut costs for fuel cell systems by 50 percent since 2006. My bill will build on this success and expand DOE’s focus into the near-term deployments that will result in major savings for the na-tional fleet. 
The Vehicle Innovation Act also in-
cludes new research authorities on ve-hicle-to-vehicle—or V2V—communica-tions systems. This technology allows cars to talk to one another and recog-nize dangers that a vehicle’s radar, cameras, and other sensors can’t de-tect. 
As we are working to develop these 
features in new vehicles, we must also ensure that we are keeping pace with technologies in our infrastructure. 
Vehicle-to-vehicle infrastructure—or 
V2I—technology allows vehicles to communicate with the road and has the ability to help prevent collisions, relieve traffic congestion, and reduce unnecessary energy consumption. That is why I introduced another bill to pro-mote investments in V2I technology by authorizing States to use existing sur-face and highway transportation fund-ing to invest in V2I projects as they up-grade highway infrastructure. 
An example of V2I in action is a mon-
itor on a bridge that will tell approach-ing drivers if there is a dangerous ice buildup on it. Other examples include traffic signals that warn vehicles of stopped traffic or sensors that warn of nearby emergency vehicles for work zones. 
In 2013 the National Highway Traffic 
Safety Administration found that more than 32,000 people were killed in vehi-cle crashes. According to NTHSA, V2V and V2I—the two technologies being developed—will be able to eliminate up 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JY6.073 S29JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6121 July 29, 2015 
to 80 percent of vehicle accidents in-
volving nonimpaired drivers once they are fully deployed. 
I am pleased that my V2I legislation 
is included in the overall highway bill the Senate is considering this week, and I look forward to working in the fall during the conference to make sure this funding eligibility language re-mains in the bill. 
V2V and V2I technologies are part of 
the auto industry’s future, and these technologies will be readily available in the near term. That is why it is so important that we make these invest-ments in our infrastructure now to en-sure that we can start using these life-saving technologies as they become available. 
Taken together, these two bills rep-
resent the type of forward-thinking policymaking that Congress should be focused on every day. Investments in research and development have dem-onstrated the ability to transform our society for the better, and I am deter-mined to make sure the United States is the country that is driving forward advanced technology instead of putting on the brakes and being left behind. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California. 
PLANNED PARENTHOOD  
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I 
come to the floor to speak about the importance of protecting women’s health and protecting their access to their health care, in other words, their choice. I strongly oppose what is be-coming a major effort to defund Planned Parenthood. Planned Parent-hood has ensured women receive the health care they need for almost 100 years now. That was before women even had the right to vote. Its founder was thrown in jail for making birth control available, and it has been under near-constant attack since then. 
I think the Senate needs to stand up 
on behalf of millions of women across this country and vote no on any amendment that would defund Planned Parenthood. This organization is the primary health care provider for mil-lions of American women. One in five women in this country has been to Planned Parenthood. 
I have received hundreds of emails 
and calls from women in California about their support for and experiences at Planned Parenthood. They told me that doctors there listened to them, the nurses became their friends, and they felt valued as patients. Before they went to Planned Parenthood, they were worried about their health. They didn’t know if they would be able to get the care they need, and they didn’t have the information to make smart, healthy lifestyle choices. 
One young woman from Santa Bar-
bara told me about a health care scare she had when she was 20. Precancerous cells were discovered during her annual exam. Planned Parenthood didn’t have the equipment to perform the followup procedure she needed, but that didn’t keep the clinic staff from helping her. 
They connected her to the only OB/ GYN in the city who accepted low-in-come patients, and she got the care she needed. 
She said: ‘‘Since that early detection 
and intervention, I’ve been healthy and would not be where I am today without Planned Parenthood.’’ 
Another young woman from 
Victorville, CA, told me it was hard to get information about how to prevent pregnancy and sexually transmitted diseases and access contraception. Three girls she knew in high school be-came pregnant. It wasn’t until she vis-ited Planned Parenthood in college that she felt she could make respon-sible health care decisions. 
Another young woman shared her 
abortion story. She was 19 when she be-came pregnant. She felt scared and alone. She said: ‘‘During a time when a tough decision had been made and a million thoughts were running through my mind, it was relieving to know that I was in the hands of people whose only goal was to help me.’’ And 4 years later, she still uses Planned Parent-hood as her primary health care pro-vider and encourages her friends and family to also use them. 
I want to say just a little bit about 
the services Planned Parenthood pro-vides and how it uses Federal funds. Nearly 80 percent of its patients are low income, making less than $18,000 a year. Without Planned Parenthood, many of these women could not access the most basic health care services. That bears repeating. Planned Parent-hood is often the only option for women to get their annual checkup. It provides breast exams, contraception, prenatal care, cancer screenings, and testing for sexually transmitted dis-eases, including HIV. It also runs teen pregnancy prevention and health edu-cation programs that reach more than 1 million young people per year. This is what the Federal funding Planned Par-enthood receives goes toward. 
In 2013, Planned Parenthood used 
Federal funds to provide the following: nearly half a million breast exams, nearly 400,000 cervical cancer screenings, contraception for 2.2 mil-lion patients, and testing and treat-ment for sexually transmitted infec-tions for 4.5 million patients. 
In addition to serving predominately 
low-income women, Planned Parent-hood operates in some of the most un-derserved communities in this country. For example, without Planned Parent-hood, 13 of California’s 58 counties would not have a single clinic to pro-vide family planning services to low-in-come women through title X programs. 
Attacks on Planned Parenthood are a 
concerted attack on access to safe, legal abortion services in this country. Make no mistake about it. The group behind this latest attack, the Center for Medical Progress, has longstanding ties to the anti-choice movement, in-cluding Operation Rescue, which is closely associated with clinic violence. While abortion accounts for only 3 
percent of the health care services pro-vided by Planned Parenthood, it is often one of the only abortion pro-viders in a State or a region. For exam-ple, there are 10 abortion clinics in Texas. Just a few years ago, there were 36 abortion clinics. Twenty-six clinics were forced to close after Texas passed a law aimed at ending abortion in the State. The Supreme Court has put some provisions of that law on hold pending further review. But the point is that laws such as the one in Texas force much-needed facilities to close. Just 10 clinics in Texas have met the unnecessary and burdensome new re-quirements, and 5 of those 10 clinics are Planned Parenthood clinics. If Planned Parenthood closes, Texas loses half of its remaining abortion providers in one fell swoop. 
The goal of the groups pushing this 
effort is clear. It is to chip away bit by bit at a woman’s ability to make her own health care decisions in consulta-tion with her family and her doctor. That is their goal—no matter the cost to women across the country who rely on Planned Parenthood for cancer screenings, annual checkups, and other essential services—and in my view, this is simply wrong. 
I am really troubled by the aggres-
sive tactics used by anti-choice groups, such as the illegal filming of a medical procedure and the hacking of Planned Parenthood’s records. This is dis-turbing. We all know the danger of leaking confidential information. We know the potential for serious vio-lence. 
In 1994, shortly after I came to the 
Senate, we passed the Freedom of Ac-cess to Clinic Entrances Act in re-sponse to a spate of violent episodes targeting women’s health clinics. Two doctors, a clinic escort, and two recep-tionists at a Planned Parenthood facil-ity in Boston were killed by anti-abor-tion activists during three separate at-tacks in 1993 and 1994. 
This week, upon learning that her 
name and email address had been pub-lished, one Planned Parenthood staffer in California told my office that she re-fused to be intimidated because she knows that is the whole point. 
I am concerned that the message 
being sent is that it is OK to commit crimes against Planned Parenthood, its employees, and its patients; and it is not. That sort of message can be taken up by extremists and become very dan-gerous for women and doctors across the country. 
Whether you support the right to 
choose or not—and I very much do—we should all be very careful here. Doctors and clinic staff who provide constitu-tionally protected health care services and women who access these services should not be terrorized and threat-ened. 
In closing, I will return to where I 
started. I believe that if there is a movement to withhold funding from Planned Parenthood, that movement 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JY6.074 S29JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6122 July 29, 2015 
will not be successful. I believe that 
will be defeated right here in the Sen-ate. I do not understand why anyone would even try to do this at this time. This country has so many problems, not the least of which are things that I deal with every day in the intelligence community—the fear of extremists, the attacks by terrorists and those who want to strike our homeland. It seems to me that we do not need this fight now, particularly a fight where those who oppose Planned Parenthood, I be-lieve, will be seriously defeated. 
If a bill does come before us, I believe 
it is a mistake, and I would urge my colleagues to oppose it. 
I thank the Chair, and I yield the 
floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
T
ILLIS ). The Senator from Ohio. 
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, we know 
that our generation, people in the Sen-ate and in the House—people in their forties, fifties, and sixties—inherited from their parents and grandparents the greatest infrastructure in the his-tory of the world. From the 1940s, 1950s, 1960s, and 1970s into the Reagan years, when we decided we should invest less in infrastructure, we had this incred-ible infrastructure we inherited from our parents and grandparents. Yet, for whatever reason, we have allowed it to crumble. We haven’t invested. We haven’t modernized. We haven’t even maintained it as well as we should. 
The dismal state of our Nation’s out-
dated roads and bridges and railways cost Ohioans and North Carolinians valuable time and money and energy. 
The State legislature in my State 
and I know the State legislature in the Presiding Officer’s State have been on a budget-cutting tear. My State legis-lature has decided to slice in half, and then some, local funding for many things, including infrastructure. As a result, the streets in any town in Ohio, virtually—not just big cities, not just suburbs, but more affluent commu-nities, small towns, and rural areas— the streets and highways continue to crumble. It is because this body has been far too dysfunctional because of the pledges that many elected officials have made to a Washington lobbyist that they will never close tax loopholes and will continue to fail to fund infra-structure because of what State gov-ernment has done in my State. 
But instead of debating a long-term 
bill with that funding, we debate a hastily assembled bill, without an open process, without amendments, that no one expects will even be considered by the House of Representatives. The Speaker of the House, a fellow Ohioan, used a four-letter word to describe this legislation when or if—I assume when— it goes over to the House. 
The Senate is considering a bill that 
doesn’t do enough for infrastructure. It makes bad choices about how to pay for these investments. Yet, at the same time, President Obama proposed a 6- year, $478 billion transportation pack-age that would provide a major expan-sion in investment. It is supported by 
all kinds of organizations—business, labor, contractors, AFL–CIO, manufac-turers, steelmakers, concrete makers— businesses that want to have good in-frastructure to get their goods to mar-ket and want their employees to be able to drive to work or take the bus to work without major damage to the axles of their cars when they hit the potholes on too many city streets. In-
stead, we are looking at a bill that pays for just 3 years and offers small increases over current spending levels. 
Think about how we are doing this. 
This is a 6-year authorization, with funding for slightly less than 3 years but collecting the money by budget gimmicks over 10 years. What kind of game is this? Instead of funding infra-structure the way we used to when we would come together bipartisanly and fund infrastructure with real dollars and real investments, we are now play-ing games. That is why in the House of Representatives the Speaker of the House used a four-letter word to de-scribe this bill. It is why so many are so dissatisfied in the House of Rep-resentatives. 
It will pass with a majority. It will 
pass with cloture. It has already gotten 60 votes. But they are 60 pretty un-happy votes because nobody I know in this body thinks we are doing this any-thing close to the right way. 
If we had considered amendments in 
the regular order as the majority lead-er promised, I would have offered a fully paid for proposal to boost the bill’s investments and expand the major projects program. Let me talk about that for a second. 
This amendment would fund projects 
such as the Brent Spence Bridge be-tween Cincinnati and northern Ken-tucky. The Brent Spence Bridge, built in 1959, 1960, connects Cincinnati with northern Kentucky. I–75 running north and south goes from Cincinnati to Day-ton. The Brent Spence Bridge includes I–75 and runs from Cincinnati, to Day-ton, to Lima, to Toledo, to Detroit. I– 71 also comes together right at the Brent Spence Bridge as it crosses into Ohio—Cincinnati, Columbus, Cleve-land, not far from Akron. 
So my colleague, the senior Senator 
from Oklahoma, Mr. I
NHOFE , who has 
played a major role in transportation and would like to do it right, has point-ed out several times during this debate, the equivalent—get this—that one bridge—4 percent of our Nation’s GDP crosses that bridge every day, every week, every month, every year. Four percent of our gross domestic product moves back and forth across that bridge; yet that bridge is about 55 years old. There has never been a seri-ous accident with that bridge. There have been problems. There have been some safety issues. I don’t think any-body expects it to fall down next year— I am not being an alarmist—but when are we going to do something to fix that bridge? 
Senator M
CCONNELL , the majority 
leader—that bridge, for curious histor-ical reasons—the Ohio River, which 
separates there Ohio and Kentucky— almost the entire Ohio River is consid-ered to be in Kentucky. So this bridge, which covers 4 percent of GDP, is in the home State of the majority leader, and yet the majority leader did not allow another Senator to offer an amendment that actually would take care of rebuilding and fixing up that historic bridge that is very crucial to our economy. Without the Federal Government, that bridge won’t get re-placed. The State government of Ken-tucky is not going to do it. Ohio is not going to do it. They should play a role. They could toll that bridge. Who knows. They should play a role. 
Federal investment in highways was 
mapped out by President Roosevelt and started by President Eisenhower with the interstates. It was always bipar-tisan until the pledge by far too many Members of this body to special inter-est lobbyists who said we can’t do that, we can’t fund this infrastructure. 
On the transit side, I would have 
sought to strike a pilot program that allows pilot projects with any private investment to ‘‘skip the line’’ of Fed-eral funding, meaning these projects, which are often bad for workers that operate the new line, would have been in a special category that they surely didn’t earn because they haven’t served the same public purpose and gone through the same justification process, if you will, as a normal public trans-portation project. 
When the majority leader brought a 
combined transportation bill to the floor last Tuesday, he used his privi-leged position to prevent any Senator from offering amendments. I remember the elections last fall when Senator M
CCONNELL —then the minority lead-
er—said that things will be different in the Senate. It didn’t take long for Sen-ator M
CCONNELL to sort of trump his 
predecessor by doing it even worse— pardon the play on words with the verb there. This matters because bad proc-ess can lead to bad outcomes. 
The Senate, given the opportunity to 
have a full debate on transportation, would be voting on a much stronger proposal. As the Presiding Officer knows, this bill has improved over the last couple of weeks. 
They have taken out—this bill origi-
nally was going to slice money out of the Social Security fund to pay for highways and bridges and transit. We have never done that before in this body. 
We were going to take money out of 
money that was already promised and dedicated and about to be spent to help cities that have been particularly dev-astated by foreclosures. They were going to use money from that. 
They were going to use money from 
community banks—they still are—in this proposal. 
They are going to charge everybody 
who is getting a mortgage $50, $100, $300 at closing to help pay for transpor-tation—what is that about?—instead of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JY6.082 S29JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6123 July 29, 2015 
doing it right and funding transpor-
tation the way we used to, bipartisanly, back when Senate can-didates and House candidates didn’t sign pledges from special interest lob-byists where they tie their hands and are not able to come up with revenue for a transportation bill. If all the com-mittees of jurisdiction over this bill held markups to actually discuss the bill, had hearings for the bill, had been able to amend the bill, it would have been a much stronger bill. 
The chairman of the Environment 
and Public Works Committee did good bipartisan work on highways. I com-mend Senator I
NHOFE and Senator 
BOXER —one Republican and one Demo-
crat—but their work is the exception. The banking committee, on which I serve as ranking member, traditionally developed the public transportation portion of this bill. It is done bipartisanly through the regular com-mittee process. Not even a hint of that happened this year. 
The Finance Committee, of which I 
am a member, has jurisdiction over much of the revenue that is used to off-set funds going into the highway trust fund—no markups there either. As in-troduced, this bill would have robbed Social Security, as I said, taken money from the Hardest Hit Fund, as I said, for communities devastated by fore-closure crisis. 
I invite the majority leader to come 
to Cleveland—I know he comes to Cleveland to fund-raise—but come to Cleveland and look at the neighbor-hood I live in. I live in ZIP Code 44105. My wife and I have lived there for a couple of years. In 2007, that ZIP Code had the highest number of foreclosures in the United States of America. That happened because of Wall Street greed, in large part, but the fact that it did happen means there is far too much blight in this neighborhood. The Hard-est Hit Fund matters to clean up some of this neighborhood and enable people to get back on their feet. 
The commerce committee, the third 
committee—first, there was banking and then Finance. Then there is the EPW that did it mostly right. The banking committee was excluded, the Finance Committee was excluded. The commerce committee, which is respon-sible for highway safety and rail safe-ty, held a markup but not a single Democrat on the committee supported the language in the legislation because they did nothing about public safety. If my recollection is right, younger peo-ple are allowed to drive trucks—as if we want less truck safety. I say ‘‘young people’’ meaning 18-year-olds. I know I am getting older, but I don’t really want 18-year-olds driving these rigs when they clearly don’t have much ex-perience and less training. It also did not fix some of the rail issues we should fix, having seen some of these terrible accidents. It was one thing after another. 
For the past 2 weeks, a large part of 
the legislation was written in the Re-publican offices with little input from 
Democratic Senators. Even though the majority leader has said that times have changed, we are going to have a full committee process, an open amendment process, debate, and all of that, this didn’t happen. 
The greatest barrier of this bill, aside 
from the limited growth in investment, is this bill makes choices about rev-
enue that this Senator thinks the Con-gress and the American people will re-gret. I have mentioned a couple of them. Let me talk about those that were a part of the banking committee, on which I sit, which I think I probably know the most about. 
Despite opposition from consumer 
advocates and participants in the hous-ing market, including bankers and re-altors, the bill would increase the guar-anty fees paid by homeowners that are charged to protect against losses to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. That means when going to a closing, you are going to be assessed a fee. It would in-crease the cost of homeownership by $4,000 for borrowers who have a 20-per-cent downpayment for the median home price and would increase even more for those who put less down. That is why a vote for this bill is a vote to increase the cost of homeownership for families across the country and puts taxpayers at greater risk. There is a history of opposition to the use of this fee for purposes other than housing. More recently, Senator C
RAPO , a Re-
publican, and Senator W ARNER , a Dem-
ocrat from Virginia, wrote a provision in this year’s budget resolution to pre-vent this fee from being misused, and of course they are right. 
This bill requires the IRS to use pri-
vate debt collection agencies to collect taxes because the majority leader was looking for anything he could find that might produce revenue—it has nothing to do with transportation—but any-place he could find in the government funds to produce revenue that then could be used to pay for a highway bill. Again, it is smoke and mirrors and just sort of funny money. 
One of the ways he did this was to 
take money from the IRS—even as we cut the budget for IRS debt collec-tion—to take some more of that money and give it to a private debt collection company to collect this debt. That was considered to be approximately a $2 billion revenue generator for reasons that aren’t quite clear. It has been tried before and each time it has lost money and it has been repealed. The companies hired for these efforts were found to have frequently harassed low- income families and they violated the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, but the majority leader needed that bil-lion-plus dollars for his highway bill. People here didn’t have the guts to stand up and say, no, we may have made this pledge to the special interest lobbyists and we can’t come up with revenue, but instead let’s actually do this right. No, they aren’t going to do that. They take money from the Hard-est Hit Fund, Social Security money, 
increase costs to middle-class people at a closing who are trying to get a mort-gage, and privatize debt collection. 
It is hard to see how these programs 
that hurt families—the Hardest Hit Fund, the debt collection, the Social Security money—how this makes sense to pay for investments for bridges and roads. 
This bill would reduce the dividends 
paid to banks with over $1 billion in total assets that are members of the Federal Reserve System. That raises $17 billion. While it might make sense to reduce the dividend—you can argue that—I have heard people on both sides of that debate. If we exempted the smallest banks under $1 billion, there 
are plenty of community banks that are $2 to $3 billion in size. Most are smaller, but they will be paying more— hundreds of thousands of dollars—mil-lions in some cases. All of the people who voted for this bill—voted for clo-ture, voted for this highway bill—are assessing a number of community banks in their States for this money. We don’t know if the new rate of 1.5 percent that Senator M
CCONNELL has 
decided on is fair. I appreciate the cut-off of the lower rate of $1 billion, but we should be working this out in com-mittee, discussing it and hearing peo-ple on both sides. They started with every bank and arbitrarily cut it to set the $1 billion threshold. They arbi-trarily dropped the percentage from 6 to 1.5. Nobody truly knows what I am talking about when I talk about this because nobody truly understands this program. Even people who are on the banking committee don’t know it very well. Maybe we should have researched and discussed it and had hearings on it. Instead, the majority leader came around to these banks and to this com-mittee and they thought, hey, we can get $16 billion there by changing a pro-gram and nobody knows what it is any-way. Well, he has taken that money from a lot of community banks. More power to him. It is another reason I am not going to support this bill. It is ironic that on the fifth anniversary of Wall Street’s Dodd-Frank reform this bill would undercut rules to help small banks. 
Before I close I want to be fair and 
point out some of the good provisions in this bill. First, the Senate voted on a strong bipartisan basis to add an amendment to renew the U.S. Export- Import Bank. This Bank has helped 350 businesses in my home State, two- thirds of which are small businesses. It doesn’t cost taxpayers a cent. Interest-ingly, the Export-Import Bank, begun by President Roosevelt in the 1930s, was always bipartisan. Its reauthoriza-tion, continuation, renewal, and update was always done by Congress on a bi-partisan basis. My recollection—I am not quite sure this is precise, but my recollection is that only once was there ever a vote in the Senate for the reau-thorization of the Export-Import Bank because there was no need to because 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:13 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JY6.084 S29JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6124 July 29, 2015 
everybody agreed with it. Yet because 
of the far right, the tea party—we used to call them the John Birch Society when they opposed Medicare and now they are called the tea party when they oppose the Affordable Care Act—has decided this Export-Import Bank, which helps businesses and companies, particularly small companies in Day-ton, Toledo, Cleveland, Charlotte, Asheville, and Durham—helps small businesses export their products. They need some help sometimes. 
Every other country in the world— 
every other major country, we think, has some kind of an export financing agency such as this, but we are not able, for political reasons, call it crony capitalism—the tea party weighed in and convinced a lot of Senate and House Republicans that it is not such a good idea. Right now the Ex-Im Bank is in this bill. Hopefully it will stay in over the process. I am hopeful. Because the Speaker used a four-letter word to describe this bill, I am hopeful when we get a short-term extension—I hate cliche ´s but this is such a good one— 
when we kick this can down the road again for another 2 or 3 months, what-ever it is going to be, I am hopeful the majority leader and the Speaker will include the Export-Import Bank reau-thorization and make it long term, but it is not clear if they will. 
I want to also point out that Chair-
man S
HELBY , the chairman of my com-
mittee in banking, with whom I have a good relationship, included a number of proposals for transit policy that I think make good sense. 
The mass transit account was cre-
ated in 1983 under President Reagan. It was done right. Public transit has al-ways received around 20 percent, some-times a little more, of any new revenue that is dedicated to growth. We have a tradition in this country that for every $100 we are spending on the Transpor-tation bill, $20 of that goes to small bus systems in Lorain, OH, it goes to RTA for trains and rail in Cleveland, it goes to major transit systems in New York or anywhere around the country. This bill initially was less than 20 percent. I appreciate Chairman S
HELBY and the 
majority leader getting it back up to 20 percent. 
There is a new program for competi-
tive bus grants. It is underfunded at $190 million a year. This bill increases the amount of American-made steel and other components. That is a good thing. 
With all my criticism on this bill in 
the way it was handled by the leader-ship in this House, there are some good things in this bill. I hope the Senate will move forward after today with a desire to revive the bipartisan process based on regular order when we address transportation issues. 
I stand ready to work with my col-
leagues in both parties to deliver a ro-bust 6-year transportation bill. 
I yield the floor. FOIA PROVISIONS  
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to engage in a col-loquy with Senator T
HUNE , chairman of 
the commerce committee, regarding the DRIVE Act and the Freedom of In-formation Act, FOIA. 
I want to thank Chairman T
HUNE for 
working with me to remove four provi-sions in the DRIVE Act aimed at carv-ing out information from disclosure under FOIA, three of which were in ti-tles of the bill falling under the com-merce committee’s jurisdiction. The removal of these four provisions is re-flected in the second-degree amend-ment filed by Senator I
NHOFE , amend-
ment No. 2533, to the McConnell sub-stitute amendment. FOIA is our Na-tion’s premier open government law and the foundation on which all our sunshine and transparency policies rest. It remains an indispensable tool for Americans to obtain information affecting public policy, consumer safe-ty, the environment, and public health. The Freedom of Information Act falls under the exclusive jurisdiction of the Senate Judiciary Committee, and changes affecting this law should not be enacted without full and careful consideration by the Judiciary Com-mittee. 
Mr. THUNE. I thank Senator L
EAHY  
for his interest in these matters, and I am pleased we were able to work out an agreement to strike these provi-sions and move forward with consider-ation of the DRIVE Act. I look forward to working with you and Senator G
RASSLEY , the chairman of the Judici-
ary Committee, on any future pro-posals to amend the Freedom of Infor-mation Act. 
Mr. LEAHY. I also want to draw par-
ticular attention to Section 32003, re-lated to the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration’s, FMCSA’s, compliance, safety, and accountability system, CSA. The CSA system is de-signed to evaluate the safety and com-pliance performance of motor carriers by using data from inspections, crash-es, compliance reviews, and the Fed-eral motor carrier census to come up with a safety measurement system, SMS, score for each motor carrier in seven behavior analysis and safety im-provement categories, BASICs. It is my understanding that these scores are currently available to the public via FMCSA’s Web site. It is also my under-standing that, as originally drafted, this bill would have prohibited FMCSA from making these scores available to the general public via its Web site or via a FOIA request while FMCSA eval-uates and reforms the methodology un-derlying these scores. 
I have serious concerns about remov-
ing this information from public view, even for a short period of time. The safety score is one of the tools we give consumers and other stakeholders to help fully evaluate motor carriers. While I prefer that these scores remain easily accessible on FMSCA’s Web site for the general public while the meth-odology is reviewed, it is critical that 
the scores remain available under FOIA. Even if the scores are removed from the Web site while the method-ology is reviewed, under the provision, they will remain available to law en-forcement and regulators for use in overseeing the industry. For this rea-son alone, as well as many others, we should not withhold that information from public scrutiny. Moreover, the Ju-diciary Committee did not review this new proposed exemption and has not had time to fully consider the potential effects of this exclusion. 
I thank Senator T
HUNE for working 
with me to remove this FOIA exemp-tion. Originally the bill language stat-ed that none of the score information ‘‘may be made available to the general public (including through requests under Section 552 of title 5, United States Code [the FOIA statute]).’’ The Inhofe second degree amendment strikes the phrase ‘‘including through requests under Section 552 of title 5, United States Code’’ in its entirety. Under the OPEN FOIA Act of 2009, no new FOIA exemption under 5 U.S.C 552(b)(3), is effective unless it specifi-cally cites to 5 U.S.C 552(b)(3). Remov-ing the citation to the FOIA statute makes clear that, while the scores may no longer be routinely published and easily accessible to the general public via FMSCA’s Web site until they have been reviewed and reformed, the scores are still subject to disclosure pursuant to a FOIA request, unless an existing exemption is found to apply. 
Mr. THUNE. For the reasons you 
stated, I agree that if enacted into law, nothing in Section 32003 exempts or is intended to exempt information under the Freedom of Information Act. I would, however, just offer two com-ments to explain to my colleague the rationale for and limits of the modified provision. First, the commerce com-mittee has received information from several objective sources, including the Government Accountability Office, the Department of Transportation’s Office of Inspector General, and the law en-forcement community, identifying con-cerns with the accuracy of the scoring analysis performed by FMCSA as part of the CSA program. As noted by GAO, the manner in which scores are cal-culated under the program ‘‘creates the likelihood that many SMS scores do not represent an accurate or precise safety assessment for a carrier.’’ Ac-cordingly, the bill proposes to with-draw this potentially misleading anal-ysis from public review temporarily, 
until the program is reviewed and cor-rected. Nevertheless, as underscored by subsection 32003(c), the underlying ‘‘[i]nspection and violation informa-tion’’ submitted to FMCSA under the program ‘‘shall remain available for public viewing.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JY6.086 S29JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6125 July 29, 2015 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 100TH BIRTH-
DAY OF GERTRUDE SILVIA RUDIAK 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I rise today 
to acknowledge the 100th birthday of an incredible Nevadan, Gertrude Silvia Rudiak. For more than 70 years, Ger-trude has been a leader in southern Ne-vada and has remained committed to her family, community, and faith. 
Nearly a century ago, on August 2, 
1915, Gertrude was born to Jewish im-migrant parents in Dickinson, ND. As a child, her family moved from place to place across the country, but it was her parents’ understanding of the value of higher education that brought them to the west coast. In California, she at-tended the University of California, Berkeley, where she received her bach-elor’s degree in music. Later, Gertrude built upon her skill set and earned cre-dentials from the Business College of Oakland in office procedure. With un-deniable tenacity and the knowledge she gained, she was able to work through the Great Depression. 
In 1942, Gertrude met the love of her 
life, George Rudiak, and they married in September the same year. George was born in Moscow, Russia, and the experiences he and his family endured as they immigrated to the United States greatly shaped the man he be-came and the civil work he pursued later in his life. 
George had received a law degree 
from the Boalt Hall School of Jurispru-dence at the University of California, Berkeley, in 1940, but finding a job was a challenge. He was able to do some work for the State of California and the U.S. Employment Services; and in the midst of World War II, George en-listed in the U.S. Army Air Corps. The first place he was assigned was the Western Flying Training Command at Santa Ana. George was later trans-ferred to the Las Vegas Gunnery School, which is now Nellis Air Force Base. Though the young couple was only stationed in Las Vegas for a short time, they fell in love with the city and moved back to plant their roots in the desert sand as soon as George was hon-orably discharged in 1946. 
The Las Vegas of the 1940s was quite 
different from the Las Vegas of today. Approximately 21,000 people called the city home, and there was racial seg-regation. Some even referred to Las Vegas as the ‘‘Mississippi of the West.’’ As the first city attorney of North Las Vegas, a Nevada Legislator, and chair-man of the Nevada Equal Rights Com-mission, George was committed to bringing equality to Nevada. Gertrude supported his efforts; and for more 
than 70 years, has made civic, reli-gious, and humanitarian contributions of her own that have shaped our com-munity. Today, all Las Vegans benefit from the compassionate work of Ger-trude and George to make our commu-nity a better and more just place. 
George Rudiak was a lawyer’s law-
yer. He was the lawyer we all looked to as the gold standard for an ethical, competent, experienced trial lawyer. 
There are truly selfless people in the 
world, and Gertrude is one of these peo-ple. She is dedicated to her five chil-dren, their children, and their chil-dren’s children and still finds time to improve her community. Over the past seven decades, she has filled tradition-ally male-held positions on community boards, including becoming the first fe-male to serve on the board of Temple Beth Sholom, and has been a champion of secular and Jewish education in Las Vegas and Israel. Her efforts have been recognized by the Jewish National Fund, the United Jewish Appeal, and the Anti-Defamation League. Addition-ally, Mayor Carolyn Goodman pre-sented Gertrude with the rare honor of a key to the city of Las Vegas in 2014. On more than one occasion, the city has declared August 2, Gertrude’s birthday, Gertrude Rudiak Day in rec-ognition of her long-standing commit-ment to Las Vegas. 
I am grateful for Gertrude’s contribu-
tions to our State, and I wish her a happy 100th birthday. May this year bring Gertrude and her family much health and happiness. 
f 
50TH ANNIVERSARY OF MEDICARE 
AND MEDICAID 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, in 1965, 
millions of Americans and nearly half the country’s seniors couldn’t afford basic health care. But that began to change 50 years ago today. President Lyndon Johnson signed into law the Medicare program for the elderly and the Medicaid program for low-income adults, children, pregnant women, and people with disabilities. 
Although it was signed by President 
Johnson, it ‘‘started with the man from Independence,’’ . . . Harry S. Truman. In 1949, Truman became the first Presi-dent to publically support a national health insurance program and sent a bill to Congress that would give health insurance to everyone age 65 and older. Critics called the idea ‘‘socialized med-icine,’’ and the effort failed. 
Sixteen years later, President John-
son believed ‘‘the times had caught up with the idea.’’ And he was right. Today, 46 million older adults and 9 million people with disabilities depend on Medicare for health care and eco-nomic security. In Illinois, 1.9 million people are enrolled in Medicare. 
And because of the Affordable Care 
Act, the program has grown stronger. The Medicare Part A trust fund is now expected to be solvent for an additional 13 years because of the Affordable Care Act. The Affordable Care Act is also 
helping seniors with the cost of their prescription drugs. Since the passage of the ACA, people with Medicare in Illi-nois have saved over $554 million on prescription drugs, because we closed the donut hole. That is an average sav-ings of $925 for each Illinois senior. The Affordable Care Act also expanded Medicare coverage of certain preven-tive services, such as mammograms or colonoscopies, without any cost shar-ing. 
Let’s not forget this is also the 50th 
Anniversary of Medicaid. Medicaid has been a lifeline for millions of people, especially children. My friends on the other side of the aisle find it easy to discredit a government program, but this isn’t about a program. It is about the people who benefit from them. 
Over 54 million people benefit from 
Medicaid. Before the Affordable Care Act, two out of three people on Med-icaid were pregnant women and chil-dren. That is 36 million of our most vulnerable citizens. Medicaid also serves people with disabilities, includ-ing many low-income Americans with disabilities who would have nowhere else to turn. 
Before the Affordable Care Act, al-
most 3 million people were covered by Medicaid in Illinois and more than half of all births were covered by Medicaid. Now, anyone living below 133 percent of poverty can join Medicaid. That’s a single person earning less than $15,654 a year, or a family of three bringing in $26,720. And for this population, the Federal Government picks up 100% of the cost. Because of the Affordable Care Act, more than 570,000 people in Illinois are now covered by Medicaid. I call that a success. 
Just ask Christopher Greenwood if 
this law is making a difference. Chris-topher Greenwood is a community health and prevention coordinator for the City of Rockford working to help people sign up for health insurance. He helped a 50-year-old woman enroll in Medicaid, and she was excited to have coverage for preventive services like a mammogram. 
According to Christopher: 
People aren’t realizing the benefits of the Af-
fordable Care Act. It’s all about prevention services. When we tell people they need to sign up, they think they don’t need it. But when we start telling them the benefits, to see the looks on their faces, it’s all really cool. 
You know who else benefits from 
Medicaid? Providers, hospitals and doc-tors. Ask a provider back home: What would you prefer? Reimbursement by Medicaid or not be paid at all? The an-swer is obvious. 
Medicare and Medicaid save lives. 
The programs provide high quality health care to millions of people. Yes, we owe something to Truman for this idea. We owe something to Johnson for signing it into law. And today, we should focus on further strengthening these programs so they can serve fu-ture generations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JY6.087 S29JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6126 July 29, 2015 
Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, this 
week, we commemorate the 50th anni-versary of Medicare and Medicaid, pro-grams that have made such a difference 
in the lives of so many. 
Upon signing these programs into 
law 50 years ago, then-President Lyn-don Johnson reminded us of a shared tradition within our great Nation—one that ‘‘calls upon us never to be indif-ferent toward despair . . . commands us never to turn away from helpless-ness . . . directs us never to ignore or to spurn those who suffer untended in a land that is bursting with abundance.’’ 
That deep-seated tradition—to lend a 
hand to our neighbors and friends and to honor our mothers and fathers—is what guided Congress and country to do the right thing so many years ago. With the stroke of his pen, President Johnson, and all those who fought be-fore and alongside him, made sure that there would be care for the sick and se-renity for the fearful. 
I know just how important Medicare 
and Medicaid are for the people who rely upon them. In the 1960s, I was a young social worker in Baltimore for ‘‘Operation REASON’’ (Responding to the Elderly’s Abilities & Sickness Oth-erwise Neglected). Our goal was to help Maryland seniors get the health care they needed. You have to remember, in those days, when you retired, you usu-ally lost your health insurance, which meant that many seniors also lost ac-cess to their doctors and health care. 
More than half of America’s seniors 
had no health insurance. This meant that middle-class seniors were a heart attack away from bankruptcy, a cancer diagnosis away from destitution. It didn’t matter if you were a senior of modest means or middle-class. Every-one was vulnerable. 
But our job was to help. So, with 
teams led by social workers and nurses, we worked to help sick elderly people get health coverage and get to their doctor’s office. We were focused on helping seniors who had neglected their chronic conditions because of inability to travel, ignorance of services avail-able to them, fear of asserting their right to such services, or other barriers placed in their way. 
I saw firsthand how hard Baltimore’s 
seniors were struggling. They were foregoing medical care because they didn’t have insurance, because they couldn’t afford the bills, or simply be-cause they didn’t have transportation to get to doctor’s office or hospital. I knew Medicare and Medicaid could help these seniors and all seniors. 
So every single day I would go out to 
churches and senior citizen centers. I would inform people about their op-tions, organize transportation for them, and help them fill out com-plicated forms. In those days, we didn’t have computers or cell phones. We had to physically go meet seniors where they were. And it worked. After 4 months of operation, we had 103 clients with a variety of chronic diseases, and we helped them get the care they need-ed. And Congress took notice of what we 
were doing. In 1966, I was invited to come testify before Congress in the Senate Subcommittee on Aging, which was chaired by Senator Kennedy. We told the committee what we were doing, told them who we were fighting for. We were fighting for people in need, people who lived in unsafe hous-ing, had inadequate diet and clothing, a dearth of recreational opportunities, who were lonely and were in need of health care. 
These people, our seniors and our 
families of modest means, were the reason Congress passed Medicare and Medicaid in the first place. And thank God we did. 
Today, 55 million Americans—nearly 
every senior—has access to Medicare’s guarantee. An additional 68 million of our Nation’s most vulnerable have health care coverage thanks to Med-icaid. Because of Medicare and Med-icaid, more Americans have health in-surance. Before Medicare, 48 percent of seniors had no insurance. Today, only 2 percent of seniors are uninsured. Out of pocket costs have decreased. Before Medicare, seniors paid 56 percent of health care expenses out of pocket. Today, seniors only pay 13 percent. Life expectancy is longer. Medicare has contributed to a 5-year increase in life expectancy after age 65. Deaths from heart disease have dropped by a third for people over age 65. Our elderly’s poverty rate has declined dramatically, from 29 percent in 1966 to 10 percent today. Seniors have more affordable drugs. Since 2010, over 8 million seniors have saved more than $11 billion on prescription drugs. Kids are getting comprehensive early childhood screenings, and 32 million children na-tionwide now get needed childhood screenings. 
In Maryland alone, Medicare ensures 
that 1 million Maryland seniors can get the health care they need at prices they can afford. And Medicaid ensures that 975,000 Marylanders can get the health care they need, including 478,000 Maryland kids—that is one in three of Maryland’s children—149,000 Maryland-ers with disabilities, and 77,000 of our low-income seniors. 
Over the past half century, we have 
seen Medicare and Medicaid prolong and enhance the lives of millions of Americans. Ensuring access to health care for America’s most vulnerable ranks as one of our Nation’s greatest public health accomplishments. That is why I am committed to doing every-thing within my power to keep Medi-care and Medicaid strong, so that these programs can continue helping those who rely on them today, as well as those who will need them tomorrow. 
That means fighting for reforms that 
keep Medicare solvent, as we did in the Affordable Care Act, where we ex-tended Medicare’s solvency by more than a decade. It means fighting for improvements that make Medicare stronger, as we did in the Affordable Care Act, where we closed the prescrip-tion drug ‘‘donut hole,’’ where we gave 
seniors free preventive services, where we put the focus on quality of care, not quantity of care. 
And it means fighting to protect 
these vital programs from those who want to turn them from a guarantee into a voucher and political promise, as Republicans have repeatedly tried to do in their budget proposals. 
Make no mistake, Republican pro-
posals to privatize Medicare, to turn it into a voucher program, would end Medicare as we know it. I will not let that happen. I will fight side-by-side with those 1 million Maryland seniors and 55 million American seniors. We will fight to keep Medicare and Med-icaid strong and healthy so that they can continue to provide for the health care needs of our citizens 
As you can see, there is a lot to cele-
brate as we mark Medicare and Medic-aid’s 50th anniversary. For the past five decades, these programs have ac-complished their two main goals: en-suring access to health care for the el-derly, for the disabled, and for those of modest means. And protecting people against the financial hardship of health care costs. 
I consider it a great honor and privi-
lege that I have been able to devote so much of my career to protecting, im-proving, and fighting on behalf of Medi-care and Medicaid and all the people served by these programs. From my days as a young social worker helping seniors and families get the health care they needed, to my days in the House and Senate fighting against efforts to privatize Medicare or block grant Med-icaid, to those years spent working to refresh and improve these programs through the Affordable Care Act, in-cluding closing the ‘‘donut hole,’’ ex-panding Medicaid eligibility, and en-suring seniors could get free preventive screenings. 
I believe ‘‘honor thy father and 
mother’’ is a good commandment to live by and a good policy to govern by. That is why I have fought to save and strengthen Medicare and Medicaid to ensure that health care is affordable, accessible, reliable, and undeniable. 
f 
PLANNED PARENTHOOD 
Mr. VITTER. Mr. President, I wish to 
take a moment to express my disdain for the reprehensible actions of Planned Parenthood and my support for the defense of all the unborn babies subject to this group’s immoral prac-tices. 
Thanks to the Center for Medical 
Progress, the Nation has quickly been made aware that Planned Parenthood affiliates across the country have been modifying their abortion procedures for the specific purpose of preserving organs from the fetuses being aborted in exchange for compensation. In the video released this week, a former pro-curement technician explains how the procurement of certain body parts war-rants a higher level of compensation, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JY6.052 S29JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6127 July 29, 2015 
stating: ‘‘If you can somehow procure a 
brain or a heart you’re going to get more money than just [an . . .] umbil-ical cord.’’ As a father of four, and a strong advocate for the sanctity of life, I am deeply disturbed by reports of these gruesome and inhumane actions. 
However, Planned Parenthood cur-
rently continues to receive funding from hard-working taxpayers, many of whom also find their practices deplor-able. Between fiscal year 2010 and fiscal year 2012, Planned Parenthood received an average of $500 million per year, to-taling $1.5 billion. On top of these high levels of federal funding, Planned Par-enthood has made a profit every year since 1987. 
Given our current fiscal climate and 
all our talk of the need to cut excessive and wasteful spending, there is no jus-tification for continuing to subsidize their profitable venture with taxpayer dollars. It is time for big abortion busi-nesses like Planned Parenthood to be investigated and defunded, and I have taken several actions to do just that. 
For the last three congresses, I have 
been the Senate sponsor of the title X Abortion Provider Prohibition Act. Title X is a grant program that has un-fortunately become a large subsidy for abortion providers that claim to pro-vide family planning and women’s health care services. My bill, S. 51, would prohibit the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) from providing this Federal funding to an entity or their affiliate that per-forms an abortion. 
I have also signed on to two letters 
regarding needed investigations into this matter. In one letter, I joined 49 fellow senators to request that Depart-ment of Health and Human Services Secretary Sylvia Burwell immediately begin a ‘‘thorough review of the com-pliance of the Department and Planned Parenthood—one of the Department’s grantees—with all relevant and appli-cable Federal statutes, regulations, and other requirements.’’ In a second letter, I joined 10 Senators in asking both Secretary Burwell and Attorney General Loretta Lynch to conduct a full investigation into Planned Parent-hood to determine if the organization violated Federal law. 
Lastly, I am supporting a bill intro-
duced by Senator J
ONI ERNST that 
would prohibit Planned Parenthood, or any of its affiliates, subsidiaries, suc-cessors, or clinics, from receiving any Federal funds. Instead, funds that are currently offered to Planned Parent-hood would be available to other eligi-ble entities to provide women’s health care services, including diagnostic lab-oratory and radiology services, well- child care, prenatal and postnatal care, immunizations, and cervical and breast cancer screenings. 
The sanctity of human life is a prin-
ciple that Congress should proclaim at every opportunity. The time has come to respect the wishes of the majority of Americans who adamantly oppose using taxpayer dollars for abortions by denying Federal funds to these abor-
tion providers. I strongly encourage the support of my fellow Senators on efforts to defund Planned Parenthood and protect unborn babies from being the target of these gruesome practices. 
f 
INNOVATION 
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that a copy of my remarks at the Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pen-sions hearing on Reauthorizing the Higher Education Act: Exploring Bar-riers and Opportunities within Innova-tion be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
INNOVATION  
This is our sixth hearing during this Con-
gress on the reauthorization of the Higher Education Act. This morning we are talking about innovation in higher education. 
Ranking Member Murray and I will each 
have an opening statement, then we will in-troduce our panel of witnesses. After our witness testimony, senators will each have 5 minutes of questions. 
Clark Kerr, the former president of the 
University of California, wrote in his 2001 book, ‘‘The Uses of the University’’ that of 85 human institutions founded before 1520 and largely unchanged today—about 70 are uni-versities. 
As for the other 15 institutions—well, 
among them are the Catholic Church, and the Isle of Man. 
Kerr wrote: ‘‘Universities are among the 
most conservative of all institutions in their methods of governance and conduct and are likely to remain so.’’ 
If that’s true, maybe we ought to pack up 
this hearing on innovation in higher edu-cation and head home? 
Let’s keep our seats for a minute. The world around the universities is 
changing—especially the students who at-tend them. 
First, there are more people attending. Right around the end of World War II, only 
about 5% of the population 25 years old and up had earned a college degree. 
When the first Higher Education Act was 
signed in 1965, only about 10% of this popu-lation had a college degree. 
Now, about 32% of Americans 25 and up 
have a college degree. 
Second, American colleges and universities 
are now serving the most diverse group of students ever— 
40% are 25 years or older and come to col-
lege with experiences in the workforce. 
Of the 21 million students in higher edu-
cation, only one-third are full-time under-graduates under 22 years old. 
Only 18.9 percent of first-time, full-time 
students live on a campus and students are increasingly coming from a wide array of backgrounds and are the first in their family to attend college. 
Third, employers need workers with post-
secondary degrees. 
Labor economist Dr. Anthony Carnevale of 
Georgetown University tells us, if we don’t change the trend, we’ll be about 5 million short in 2020 of people who have the proper post-secondary skills. 
Congress needs to help colleges and univer-
sities meet the needs of a growing population of today’s students—one that has less time to earn their degree, wants flexibility in scheduling their classes, and needs to start earning an income sooner. And Congress may 
also need to consider new providers of edu-cation that don’t fit the traditional mold. 
I have two questions for today’s hearing: First, how can Congress help colleges find 
new ways to meet students’ changing needs, and how can we end practices by the federal government that discourage colleges and universities from innovating? 
And second, should the federal government 
be considering a new definition for the col-lege or university? There are many new learning models that are entering the land-scape, thanks to the internet. We need to consider what role they play in our higher education system, and whether federal finan-cial aid ought to be available to students who are learning outside our traditional in-stitutions. 
On the first question, how we can stop dis-
couraging innovation, I want to focus one ex-ample of innovation—competency-based learning: 
One of the most promising innovations 
that traditional colleges and universities are making is through something called com-petency-based learning. 
These competency-based models allow stu-
dents to progress through their studies as they demonstrate competency, enabling skilled and dedicated students to finish de-grees more quickly and often at significantly less cost. 
For example, a working mom studying at 
the University of Wisconsin has an associ-ate’s degree in nursing and wants to get her Bachelors in Nursing to increase her earning potential. Through the university’s new Flexible Option, she’s able to earn credits and finish tests and assignments on her own time, including between her shift and her son’s baseball game. Because the degree pro-gram is based on her ability to demonstrate knowledge of the subjects—rather than her ability to sit through courses twice a week— she might finish a Biology course in 8 weeks, but take only 3 weeks to finish a Mathe-matics course. 
But it’s possible that government regula-
tions may be stifling this new model of learning. 
The report by the Task Force on Govern-
ment Regulation, which was commissioned by a bipartisan group of four Senators on this Committee to examine higher education regulations, told us that ‘‘government regu-lation is a barrier to innovation.’’ 
And in one example, they cited a 2010 De-
partment of Education regulation that es-tablished a federal definition of a credit hour as a minimum of 1 hour of classroom instruc-tion and 2 hours of outside work. 
The government relies upon this definition 
of ‘‘credit hour’’ in determining how to award grants and loans to students. 
Concerning the credit hour definition, the 
Task Force wrote ‘‘by relying on the concept of ‘seat time,’ the Department’s definition has discouraged institutions from developing new and innovative methods for delivering and measuring education, such as com-petency-based models which don’t rely on credit hours.’’ 
When Kentucky Community and Technical 
College System began a competency-based program in 2009, federal time requirements related to the credit hour, which are building blocks of semesters and academic years, got in the way. Now when students finish within the last 5 weeks of the semester they have to wait till the following semester to continue their studies. 
In 2005, Congress established a provision in 
the higher education law for competency- based education known as ‘‘direct assess-ment.’’ This provision permitted programs at colleges and universities to use ‘‘direct as-sessment of student learning, in lieu of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JY6.081 S29JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6128 July 29, 2015 
measuring student learning in credit hours’’ 
as a way to distribute federal aid. The law said that each program had to be approved by the institution’s accreditor and the Sec-retary of Education. 
Despite this flexibility granted in the law, 
accreditors and the Education Department have given approval for receiving financial aid to just 6 institutions to offer one or more of these programs. 
Shifting gears, a second barrier to innova-
tion may be accreditation. 
In this committee we have begun looking 
at the accreditation system, recognizing that it must improve, but that it also may be a barrier to innovation. 
Accreditation is very old-fashioned in 
many ways—it is still regional, despite the fact that institutions compare themselves to peers across the country and may have little in common with those in closest proximity. 
It also hasn’t kept up with new ways stu-
dents are learning and the new ways teach-ers are teaching. Today, some institutions are modifying a professor’s traditional role in teaching and evaluating learning. 
I’m sure there are many other examples of 
government discouraging institutions from innovating and I hope our witnesses can speak to some of these and ways to make policy more flexible for innovations to come. 
On the second point—whether we should 
consider the role of new providers of higher education: 
I have said that the American higher edu-
cation system of today is like the American automobile industry of the 1970s. 
First, it offers a remarkable number of 
choices of the best products in the world at a reasonable cost. 
Second, it is not doing enough about chal-
lenges that will require major adjustments if, 20 years from now, it wants to be able to make that same claim of superior choices at a reasonable cost. 
Like the Japanese auto manufacturers 
that ultimately brought the American auto industry to its knees for a time, there is an emerging market of new or upstart providers of affordable higher education. 
These are organizations that aren’t nec-
essarily colleges, like we are accustomed to, but are providing higher education that may offer students a similarly high-quality edu-cation at a lower cost. 
For example, students are learning tech-
nology, software-coding or product design in as little as 12 weeks at places like General Assembly, a school that hires industry ex-perts from places like Apple and Cisco to teach adult students skills that today’s em-ployers value. 
Or they’re taking general education classes 
like college algebra from online organiza-tions like StraighterLine under a monthly subscription fee with credentialed teachers, or attending a MOOC—a Massive Open On-line Course that’s free and delivered by pro-fessors at many traditional colleges. 
Some organizations such as Mozilla Foun-
dation are developing open-source ‘‘digital badges’’ that allow more types of organiza-tions to identify and recognize an individ-ual’s subject matter mastery and com-petency. 
But there’s no place for any of these 
innovators in today’s Higher Education Act or accreditation system. The definition of what is a college has largely remained con-sistent since 1965. 
Some senators, the President and Sec-
retary Duncan are interested in under-standing how to enable an environment where these new providers of higher edu-cation can compete with traditional higher education and potentially offer students a lower cost, high quality education. 
In 2013, President Obama said in docu-
ments accompanying his State of the Union that Congress should consider ‘‘a new system 
. . . that would provide pathways for higher education models and colleges to receive fed-eral student aid based on performance and results.’’ 
What he and others are proposing is that 
students could use federal aid at these new organizations that aren’t traditional col-leges. 
A bill from Senator Lee would allow states 
to create parallel accreditation pathways to broaden the kinds of classes students could attend while also receiving federal aid. Under the bill, students could receive aid for attending specialized programs, apprentice-ships, professional certifications, com-petency tests, even individual courses. I be-lieve Senators Bennet and Rubio are working on legislation that has a similar goal. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE UDALL 
FOUNDATION 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I wish 
to call attention to a remarkable foun-dation that has benefited thousands of young Americans. The Morris K. Udall and Stewart L. Udall Foundation was established by Congress to honor the public service of the Udall brothers. During the past 20 years, the founda-tion has effectively leveraged modest Federal appropriations into unique learning experiences for over 3,000 young Americans who are committed to public service in natural resources, Native nations, and environmental areas. 
The Udall Foundation has rewarded 
over 1,400 scholarships to college stu-dents in all 50 States, plus the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, Guam, and 44 tribal nations, for their work in pub-lic service. One of the distinguished college students receiving a scholar-ship from the Udall Foundation comes from my home State of Florida. Ms. Steffanie Munguia is a junior at the University of South Florida and is re-ceiving a scholarship for her dedication to environmental conservation. 
Additionally, the Udall Foundation 
has provided more than 200 students, from 110 tribal nations, the oppor-tunity to gain practical experience in the Federal legislative process, through their Native American Con-gressional Internship Program. 
The foundation strives to educate un-
derserved middle school youth to the joys of outdoor exploration through their Parks in Focus program. Thus far, it has introduced more than 1,500 youth to 22 national parks, monu-ments, and other natural areas. 
The Udall Foundation benefits count-
less groups and many areas of our envi-ronment, and I would like to congratu-late them on 20 outstanding years. The foundation has delivered real results for people in every State in the Nation since its establishment and has earned our continued support now and in the years ahead. 
f 
USHER SYNDROME AWARENESS 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I wish to 
bring attention to a genetic condition known as Usher syndrome. Usher syn-drome is the most common form of 
combined deafness and blindness in the United States, impacting as many as 50,000 Americans, not including their families, friends, and communities. It is estimated that 82 percent of those af-flicted by deaf-blindness are unem-ployed. In the United States, the an-nual economic cost of blindness alone is estimated at 145 billion dollars. 
Usher syndrome results when there 
are mutations in genes that are impor-tant for the function of both photoreceptors in the retina and hair cells in the cochlea, or inner ear. To date, 11 genes have been identified that can cause different subtypes of Usher syndrome when mutations take place. These mutations usually lead to a defi-
ciency of a protein that is critical for the health and function of the retina and cochlea. Usher type 1 individuals are born deaf and then learn, often be-fore adolescence, that they are also los-ing their vision. Usher type 2 individ-uals are born with moderate to severe hearing loss and then in the prime of their adolescent lives are told that they are losing their vision. Usher type 3, usually diagnosed during adoles-cence, leads to the slow loss of both hearing and vision. 
Life with Usher syndrome requires 
constant adaptation to the loss of vi-sion, caused by retinitis pigmentosa. First is the loss of peripheral vision, when the rods are impacted resulting in the loss of night vision and the onset of tunnel vision, which shrinks over time to the size of a pinhole. Once the rods are gone, the cones atrophy. Color vision and the ability to read lips are lost, further impacting the hearing im-paired Usher syndrome individual’s ability to communicate with others. Often, central vision fades and the per-son is left completely blind. 
During this time—for which there is 
no prediction of how long the decline to total blindness will take—individ-uals with Usher syndrome are con-stantly adapting to remain aurally and visually connected. For the hearing loss, hearing aids, cochlear implants, American Sign Language, closed cap-tioning, assistive listening devices, and tactile sign language are among the adaptive strategies used. For the vision loss, glasses, magnification, high con-trast on computer screens, screen read-ers, audio descriptive devices, braille, canes, and guide dogs are used to com-pensate for the increasing blindness. 
To accelerate research, the Usher 
Syndrome Coalition is raising public knowledge by launching ‘‘Usher Syn-drome Awareness Day’’ on the third Saturday in September. The theme centers on the autumnal equinox, which marks the start of days that contain more darkness than light—a powerful metaphor for the threat of Usher syndrome. This will be a global event that starts on one side of the world—Australia—and runs around the globe to the farthest point before the international dateline in Alaska. 
Like many, I too have a personal 
connection with Usher syndrome. A 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY6.047 S29JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6129 July 29, 2015 
former congressional fellow in my of-
fice, Moira Shea, has Usher syndrome. She, with her guide dog by her side, took the Metro and came to work every day. In addition, she wore hear-ing aids, read lips, and overcame what-ever adversity came her way. Today, Moira has lost her sight but not her vi-sion—of finding treatments and cures for Usher syndrome so that no other generation has to go through what she and tens of thousands of other Ameri-cans have. 
With the acceleration of research, it 
may be possible for Moira and the thousands of others afflicted by this genetic disease to regain sight. The technology is there. The Casey Eye In-stitute at Oregon Health & Science University has started the first human study of gene therapy for Usher syn-drome. I am proud that the first clin-ical trial for Usher syndrome is being conducted in the state that I am privi-leged to represent. 
I am committed to working with my 
colleagues to raise awareness about this devastating disease, and I applaud the hard work of the Usher Syndrome Coalition to make Usher syndrome re-search a higher priority at the Na-tional Institutes of Health. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE RETIREMENT 
OF EDWARD ‘‘SANDY’’ DAVIS 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, along with 
my colleague, the ranking member of the Budget Committee, Senator S
AND-
ERS, we wish to honor and recognize 
Edward ‘‘Sandy’’ Davis on his retire-ment after 36 years of distinguished service to the Congress, including 20 years with the Congressional Budget Office and 16 years with the Congres-sional Research Service. Sandy is held in high esteem by both Republicans and Democrats for his insight, exten-sive knowledge of the legislative proc-ess, and unfailing graciousness in deal-ing with Members and staff over those many years. 
Sandy started his career at CRS in 
1979 and quickly became an expert in Federal budget procedures and prac-tices. He prepared over 150 reports and memoranda on the budget process and on budget process reform proposals, analyzed and edited draft legislation, and prepared committee and con-ference report language on major budg-et process legislation in 1985, 1987, and 1990. A few of his key achievements in-volve the development of two reports that are still being published today: ‘‘Points of Order under the Congres-sional Budget Act’’ and a ‘‘Manual on the Federal Budget Process.’’ Sandy also coached CRS’s softball team—an-other key achievement of his time there. 
In 1995, Sandy joined the Congres-
sional Budget Office, quickly employ-ing his expertise in budget laws and in the history of the congressional budget process. He first worked in the Special Studies Division, where he authored an excellent report on the Line Item Veto Act. He then worked in the Projections 
Unit, where he helped prepare CBO’s budget projections and continued his work on budget process issues; for ex-ample, he wrote a section in CBO’s January 2003 Budget and Economic Outlook entitled ‘‘The Expiration of Budget Enforcement Procedures: Issues and Options,’’ which has often been cited in discussions on that topic. 
Because of his extensive knowledge 
of the budget and his strong inter-personal skills, in 2003 Sandy was ap-pointed CBO’s first associate director for legislative affairs, to serve as the agency’s key liaison with the Congress. In that capacity, he worked closely with many staff members of the House and Senate—fielding and clarifying questions, alerting them about a forth-coming CBO publication, keeping them apprised about CBO’s progress in re-sponding to a particular request, re-sponding to concerns about a CBO analysis, and identifying potential CBO products that would aid the legislative process. 
Sandy’s professional accomplish-
ments set him apart, but his personal ethic—his good cheer and thoughtful consideration of his colleagues at CBO and on congressional staffs—truly de-fines him. Whether giving someone a ‘‘heads-up’’ about a hot-button issue, helping Members or congressional staff track down a cost estimate, or just an-swering questions about the budget or CBO’s analyses, Sandy has always been gracious, straightforward, and gen-erous with his time and efforts. 
In short, over the past 36 years, 
Sandy exemplified the dedication and high-quality work that is so critical to the Senate’s deliberations. I know my colleagues join me in extending our thanks and appreciation to Sandy for his service to our Nation and our very best wishes for a happy and productive retirement. 
I would like to now turn to my col-
league, Senator S
ANDERS , for his re-
marks. 
Mr. SANDERS. I thank Chairman 
ENZIand join him in commending Mr. 
DAVIS for his many years of dedicated 
and outstanding service to CBO, the Congress, and the American people. We wish him all the best. 
We hope our colleagues will join us in 
thanking Mr. D
AVIS—and really all of 
the hard-working employees at the Congressional Budget Office—for his and their service. 
f 
RECOGNIZING WAYNE AND KATHY 
TATMAN 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I wish to 
speak on behalf of Wayne and Kathy Tatman who will be inducted into the Wyoming Agriculture Hall of Fame at the 103rd Wyoming State Fair in Au-gust. Since 1992, Wyoming has recog-nized individuals each year who have 
made substantial contributions to agri-culture in our State. This year I have the honor of presenting this award to Wayne and Kathy with my colleague Senator B
ARRASSO . Wyoming natives, the Tatmans have 
each contributed greatly to the agri-culture industry and their home com-munity of Lingle. Both have served as educators for the University of Wyo-ming Extension, a statewide program helping Wyoming citizens and commu-nities address a wide range of issues through education and leadership. Wayne’s career focused on production and economic issues while Kathy dedi-cated her efforts to consumers. Gary Stone, an extension educator for the University of Nebraska, nominated the couple, and said, ‘‘they truly are the ’best of the best’ when it comes to Wy-oming agriculture.’’ 
For more than 30 years, Wayne con-
tributed to the UW Extension program working on livestock and crop produc-tion, invasive plants, agricultural re-search, and water issues. He worked to promote agriculture to Wyoming’s youth through the 4–H leadership pro-gram. 
Kathy joined the UW Extension 
Cent$ible Nutrition program in 2000. She focused on nutrition, food safety, and food economics, and worked with low income families to provide nutri-tion and meal planning. Kathy was also vital in developing a nutrition cur-riculum for the State of Wyoming. 
Former UW President Tom Buchanan 
commented, ‘‘Wayne and Kathy helped literally hundreds of Wyoming resi-dents understand the impact of agri-culture on so many facets of life.’’ 
The Tatmans passed on their love of 
agriculture and way of life to their three sons, all of whom earned agricul-tural degrees from UW and are still in-volved in the industry. Their legacy ex-tends beyond their family to their com-munity, and the State as a whole. 
I am proud to have the opportunity 
to recognize Wayne and Kathy’s achievements with Senator B
ARRASSO  
as 2015 inductees into the Wyoming Ag-riculture Hall of Fame. Wyoming is well served by their lasting and con-tinuing contributions to agriculture and education in our State. 
f 
RECOGNIZING SHAUN AND LACEE 
SIMS 
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, at 
the 103rd Wyoming State Fair, Senator E
NZIand I will have the pleasure of in-
troducing Shaun and Lacee Sims as 2015 inductees of the Wyoming Agri-culture Hall of Fame. I am proud to say this dynamic husband and wife team exemplify the ideals of the Wyo-ming way of life and have made im-mense contributions to the State and national agricultural community. 
The Sims family has demonstrated 
their deep-rooted commitment through five generations of involvement in stewardship of the land and production of high quality livestock. Shaun and Lacee have shared their passion for ag-riculture as parents, and now as grand-parents, with their children and grand-children. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JY6.034 S29JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6130 July 29, 2015 
Shaun and Lacee have shared their 
livelihood with countless local stu-dents who have toured their ranch and wind turbine facility. The students who visit their ranching operation gain val-uable insight into the origin of their food and electricity. In addition to edu-cating students, the Sims have also taught the teachers by hosting the Wy-oming Ag in the Classroom Teacher In-stitute. As Amy Hendrickson, execu-tive director of the Wyoming Wool Growers Association observed, ‘‘They have served as educators, mentors, and leaders on a variety of important issues affecting Wyoming’s agriculture industry, and their example of true leadership serves as a model for oth-ers.’’ 
Shaun and Lacee have served in var-
ious capacities whenever they have been called upon. Shaun’s service ex-tends from his 14-year tenure with the Uinta County Conservation District Supervisors to his election on the Na-tional Association of Conservation Dis-tricts Executive Board. As president of the Wyoming Association of Conserva-tion Districts, Shaun often sacrifices valuable time on his home ranch to at-tend all meetings for Uinta County and the State association. Shaun’s dedica-tion to the State and the industry has not gone unnoticed. He was recently appointed to a second term on the Wy-oming Board of Agriculture. 
Like her husband, Lacee has been an 
active agricultural advocate in Wyo-ming. Lacee received the Masters of Beef Advocacy certification through the National Cattlemen’s Beef Associa-
tion and was appointed by Wyoming Governor Matt Mead to serve on the statewide Wyoming Beef Council. Lacee has combined her passion for ag-riculture with her growing photog-raphy business to tell the story of agri-culture through an artistic lens. By highlighting the beauty and impor-tance of Wyoming agriculture, she is able to capture in photos what words often fail to convey. Patrick Zimmerer, with the Wyoming Board of Agriculture stated, ‘‘Lacee tells and advocates the story of Wyoming agri-culture through her lens as a photog-rapher and through social media, tell-ing and highlighting the importance of Wyoming agriculture to a broad audi-ence of followers.’’ 
Shaun and Lacee Sims represent 
every positive attribute of leaders in Wyoming agriculture. Together, side by side, they have represented Wyo-ming’s interests with dedication and honor. It is because of people like them that the agricultural community in Wyoming has a bright and productive future. My wife, Bobbi, joins me in con-gratulating these outstanding individ-uals, Shaun and Lacee Sims, who are 2015 inductees into the Wyoming Agri-culture Hall of Fame. ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
DUNBARTON, NEW HAMPSHIRE 
250TH ANNIVERSARY 
∑Ms. AYOTTE. Mr. President, I honor 
Dunbarton, NH—a town in Merrimack County that is celebrating the 250th anniversary of its founding. I am proud to join citizens across the Granite State in recognizing this special mile-stone. 
Dunbarton, previously known by 
many names, including Starkstown, was incorporated in 1765 by Colonial Governor Benning Wentworth and was officially renamed Dunbarton. 
The town’s population has grown 
since then to over 2,700 residents. With more than 1,600 acres of protected land, Dunbarton is located on the Merrimack River watershed and is rich in natural beauty. Based upon its latitude and longitude, Dunbarton is known as the true center of New England. 
The patriotism and commitment of 
the people of Dunbarton is reflected in part by their record of service in de-fense of our Nation. Revolutionary War General John Stark, his wife Molly and son Caleb, all lived in Dunbarton. An-other Dunbarton native was Robert Roger, famed Commander of Roger’s Rangers during the French and Indian War who was instrumental in devel-oping military tactics still used to this day. Additionally, John Ordway, who helped lead the Lewis and Clark Expe-dition, made his way back home to Dunbarton after the expedition had fin-ished. 
The spirit of community and vol-
unteerism is strong in Dunbarton as evidenced by the hard work and dedica-tion of all involved with the planning and celebration of the annual Old Home Day festival, as well as this spe-cial sestercentennial anniversary. 
Dunbarton is a place that has greatly 
contributed to the life and spirit of New Hampshire. I am pleased to extend my warm regards to the people of Dun-barton as they celebrate this special day. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BRIAN MURPHY 
∑Ms. AYOTTE. Mr. President, I con-
gratulate Brian Murphy of Dover, NH. On May, 29 2015, Brian reached an im-portant career milestone by working his 250th National Hockey League play-off game as a linesman. 
Born on December 13, 1964, Brian has 
been a lifelong resident of Dover. He graduated from Dover High School in 1982 and continued his education by at-tending the University of New Hamp-shire, where he earned a degree in busi-ness administration in 1986. Brian was then hired by the NHL in September 1988. His first game was on October 7, 1988 between the Pittsburgh Penguins and the Washington Capitals. 
Linesmen have a difficult and often 
thankless job. While referees officiate the game and call penalties, linesmen break up fights between players, drop the puck for face-offs and have to keep 
up with the pace of the game to make offside calls—all while avoiding inter-ference. Brian has excelled in every as-pect of his career and is one of only 13 U.S. born NHL officials. Most officials who work for the NHL are Canadian nationals who have relocated. 
During Brian’s 27 years as an on-ice 
official, he has worked 1713 regular sea-son NHL games and the men’s hockey games at the 2010 Vancouver Winter Olympics. More recently, Brian was se-lected for the 7th Stanley Cup Finals between the victorious Chicago Blackhawks and the Tampa Bay Light-ning in June of this year. 
As the former president of the Na-
tional Hockey League Officials Asso-ciation, Brian understands the sac-rifices and hard work that are nec-essary to perform his job. I ask my col-leagues to join me today in celebrating Brian’s career as a linesman. I am de-lighted to congratulate him on reach-ing this important career milestone and I wish him many more years of success. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE ASSOCIATION 
FOR FACILITIES ENGINEERING 
∑Ms. AYOTTE. Mr. President, I wish 
to recognize the 100th anniversary of the Association for Facilities Engi-neering. The organization began in Framingham, MA when Henry ‘‘Harry’’ S. Dennison, president of the Factory Managers Association, saw a need for increased information-sharing within the engineering world. Because of this, Dennison invited a group of 25 mechan-ics and engineers from the greater Bos-ton area to attend the organization’s first informal meeting. On June 9, 1915, the organization’s constitution was ap-proved, their officers were elected and they began their history as a working, professional consortium for engineers and mechanics alike. 
Years later in 1954, a group of engi-
neering clubs associated with the orga-nization came together and changed the organization’s name to the Amer-ican Institute of Plant Engineers, AIPE. AIPE became the hub for count-less engineering societies in New Eng-land and elsewhere, including the New England Chapter of AIPE, comprised of New Hampshire and five other States. In May of 1996, AIPE’s board of direc-tors voted to change their name to the Association for Facilities Engineering or AFE, in an effort to include more than just plant engineers, and to focus on buildings and facilities as a whole. 
Wayne Saya of Nashua serves among 
the leaders and board members of AFE. As AFE’s executive director, Wayne is personally committed to furthering the message and continued success of the association. He believes that the chap-ters of AFE have the best tools for problem solving and often cites his motto during mediations: ‘‘Chapters may not always be right, they are just never wrong!’’ His continued advocacy is a vital tool for engineers, mechanics 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JY6.079 S29JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6131 July 29, 2015 
and buildings that might not otherwise 
have a say. 
AFE is a non-profit, volunteer-based 
organization that considers the wellbeing of its chapters before all else. They recognize that a strong relation-ship with a chapter can mean more op-portunities for all parties involved. With global reach, AFE is inventive and organized—it is the only associa-tion of its kind with a fully paperless online presence. 
It is because of organizations like 
AFE that our country can continue to excel and innovate, while ensuring the needs of engineers are met. I urge my colleagues to join me in congratulating this exceptional organization for their unparalleled work and commitment. Congratulations to AFE for reaching this important milestone, and best wishes for the next 100 years. ∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING ROGER VICKERS 
∑Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, today 
I wish to recognize the life and legacy of Marion County Sheriff Roger Vick-ers who passed away on Thursday, July 23, 2015 following a battle with cancer. 
Sheriff Vickers dedicated his life to 
law enforcement and protecting the community. With more than three dec-ades of service with the Arkansas State Police, Sheriff Vickers was well re-spected in the law enforcement com-munity by the time he retired from the State police in 2008 as lieutenant and assistant troop commander of Troop I in Harrison. During his time with the Arkansas State Police, he received nu-merous commendations, including the Valor Award, the highest honor be-stowed by the State police. 
His commitment to Marion County 
led him to run for sheriff. From the time he was elected in 2008, Sheriff Vickers fought tirelessly to improve his community. He was an advocate for building a new jail and his vision is starting to take shape with the Marion County Quorum Court recently approv-ing purchasing land for the project. 
Sheriff Vickers was a well-qualified 
law enforcement officer and also a true public servant. Prior to his career in law enforcement, he served as a marine during the Vietnam war, earning the Marine Corps Good Conduct Medal, Vietnam Campaign Medal, and a Presi-dential Unit Citation. 
I am greatly appreciative for Sheriff 
Vickers’ lifetime of service throughout the State of Arkansas. My prayers are with his wife Joan, and his family and friends during this trying time. I hope they find comfort knowing that he made a positive impact on his commu-nity. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO AIDAN ANDREWS 
∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Aidan Andrews, a 2015 sum-mer intern in my Washington, DC, of-fice, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. Aidan is currently a student at the 
Taft School. He is a dedicated and dili-gent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of his internship experience. 
I would like to extend my sincere 
thanks and appreciation to Aidan for all the fine work he has done and wish him continued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO STEVEN BARBEE 
∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Steven Barbee, a 2015 sum-mer intern in my Washington, DC, of-fice, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. 
Steven is currently a student at Re-
dondo Union High School. He is a dedi-cated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of his internship experience. 
I would like to extend my sincere 
thanks and appreciation to Steven for all the fine work he has done and wish him continued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO NINA BARBERO 
∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Nina Barbero, a 2015 summer intern in my Washington, DC, office, for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. 
Nina is a student at Florida Gulf 
Coast University, where she is major-ing in economics. She is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been de-voted to getting the most out of her in-ternship experience. 
I would like to extend my sincere 
thanks and appreciation to Nina for all the fine work she has done and wish her continued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ALEX FOGG 
∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Alex Fogg, a 2015 summer in-tern in my Washington, DC, office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. 
Alex is a student at Princeton Uni-
versity, where he is majoring in chem-istry. He is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to get-ting the most out of his internship ex-perience. 
I would like to extend my sincere 
thanks and appreciation to Alex for all the fine work he has done and wish him continued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THEODORE 
FURCHTGOTT 
∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Theodore Furchtgott, a 2015 summer intern in my Washington, DC, office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the people of 
the State of Florida. 
Theodore is a student at Princeton 
University, where he is majoring in history. He is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to get-ting the most out of his internship ex-perience. 
I would like to extend my sincere 
thanks and appreciation to Theodore for all the fine work he has done and wish him continued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JORDAN GARSIDE 
∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Jordan Garside, a 2015 sum-mer intern in my Washington, DC, of-fice, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. 
Jordan is a law student at the Uni-
versity of Virginia. He is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been de-voted to getting the most out of his in-ternship experience. 
I would like to extend my sincere 
thanks and appreciation to Jordan for all the fine work he has done and wish him continued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO HAYDEN GRAHL 
∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Hayden Grahl, a 2015 summer intern in my Washington, DC, office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. 
Hayden is a student at the University 
of Massachusetts Amherst, where he is majoring in political science. He is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of his internship experience. 
I would like to extend my sincere 
thanks and appreciation to Hayden for all the fine work he has done and wish him continued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO AMBER MARIANO 
∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Amber Mariano, a 2015 sum-mer intern in my Washington, DC, of-fice, for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. 
Amber is a student at the University 
of Central Florida, where she is major-ing in political science. She is a dedi-cated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of her internship experience. 
I would like to extend my sincere 
thanks and appreciation to Amber for all the fine work she has done and wish her continued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO LOGAN PERETZ 
∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Logan Peretz, a 2015 summer 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JY6.076 S29JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6132 July 29, 2015 
intern in my Washington, DC, office, 
for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. 
Logan is a student at Northwestern 
University, where he is majoring in po-litical science and economics. He is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of his internship experience. 
I would like to extend my sincere 
thanks and appreciation to Logan for all the fine work he has done and wish him continued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO KATHERINE PERRY 
∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Katherine Perry, a 2015 sum-mer intern in my Washington, DC, of-fice, for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. 
Katherine is a student at Colorado 
College, where she is majoring in polit-ical science. She is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of her intern-ship experience. 
I would like to extend my sincere 
thanks and appreciation to Katherine for all the fine work she has done and wish her continued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JAMES RULEY 
∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I 
recognize James Ruley, a 2015 summer intern in my Washington, DC, office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the people of the State of Florida. 
James is a law student at the Indiana 
University Mauerer School of Law. He is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of his internship experience. 
I would like to extend my sincere 
thanks and appreciation to James for all the fine work he has done and wish him continued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT 
A message from the President of the 
United States was communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGE REFERRED 
As in executive session the Presiding 
Officer laid before the Senate a mes-sage from the President of the United States submitting nominations which were referred to the Committee on Armed Services. 
(The message received today is print-
ed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) PRESIDENTIAL MESSAGE 
REPORT ON THE CONTINUATION 
OF THE NATIONAL EMERGENCY THAT WAS ORIGINALLY DE-CLARED IN EXECUTIVE ORDER 13441 WITH RESPECT TO LEB-ANON—PM 22 
The PRESIDING OFFICER laid be-
fore the Senate the following message from the President of the United States, together with an accompanying report; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: 
To the Congress of the United States: 
Section 202(d) of the National Emer-
gencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) provides for the automatic termination of a na-tional emergency unless, within 90 days prior to the anniversary date of its declaration, the President publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to 
the Congress a notice stating that the emergency is to continue in effect be-yond the anniversary date. In accord-ance with this provision, I have sent to the Federal Register for publication the 
enclosed notice stating that the na-tional emergency with respect to Leb-anon that was declared in Executive Order 13441 of August 1, 2007, is to con-tinue in effect beyond August 1, 2015. 
Certain ongoing activities, such as 
continuing arms transfers to Hizballah that include increasingly sophisticated weapons systems, undermine Lebanese sovereignty, contribute to political and economic instability in the region, and continue to constitute an unusual and extraordinary threat to the national security and foreign policy of the United States. For this reason, I have determined that it is necessary to con-tinue the national emergency declared in Executive Order 13441 with respect to Lebanon. 
B
ARACK OBAMA .
THEWHITE HOUSE , July 29, 2015. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
At 12:03 p.m., a message from the 
House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 427. An act to amend chapter 8 of title 
5, United States Code, to provide that major rules of the executive branch shall have no force or effect unless a joint resolution of ap-proval is enacted into law. 
H.R. 675. An act to increase, effective as of 
December 1, 2015, the rates of compensation for veterans with service-connected disabil-ities and the rates of dependency and indem-nity compensation for the survivors of cer-tain disabled veterans, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the United States Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims, to improve the processing of claims by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that 
pursuant to section 202(a) of the Vet-erans Access, Choice, and Account-ability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–146), the Democratic Leader appoints the 
following individual on the part of the House of Representatives to the Com-mission on Care: Mr. Michael Blecker of San Francisco, California. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
The President pro tempore (Mr. 
HATCH ) announced that on today, July 
29, 2015, he signed the following en-rolled bills, previously signed by the Speaker of the House: 
S. 1482. An act to improve and reauthorize 
provisions relating to the application of the antitrust laws to the award of need-based educational aid. 
H.R. 876. An act to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to require hospitals to provide certain notifications to individuals classified by such hospitals under observa-tion status rather than admitted as inpa-tients of such hospitals. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED 
The following bill was read the first 
and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 675. An act to increase, effective as of 
December 1, 2015, the rates of compensation for veterans with service-connected disabil-ities and the rates of dependency and indem-nity compensation for the survivors of cer-tain disabled veterans, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the United States Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims, to improve the processing of claims by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. 
f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE 
CALENDAR 
The following bill and joint resolu-
tion were read the second time, and placed on the calendar: 
S. 1881. A bill to prohibit Federal funding 
of Planned Parenthood Federation of Amer-ica. 
H.J. Res. 61. Joint resolution amending the 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt em-ployees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
f 
ENROLLED BILL PRESENTED 
The Secretary of the Senate reported 
that on today, July 29, 2015, she had presented to the President of the United States the following enrolled bill: 
S. 1482. An act to improve and reauthorize 
provisions relating to the application of the antitrust laws to the award of need-based educational aid. 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER 
COMMUNICATIONS 
The following communications were 
laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–2431. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JY6.023 S29JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6133 July 29, 2015 
Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-
ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Zeta-cypermethrin; Pesticide Toler-ances’’ (FRL No. 9929–74) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on July 28, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–2432. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Phosphoric Acid Manufacturing and Phosphate Fertilizer Production RTR and Standards of Performance for Phosphate Processing’’ ((RIN2060–AQ20) (FRL No. 9931– 01–OAR)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on July 28, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–2433. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Isofetamid; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9923–86) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 28, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–2434. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Fluxapyroxad; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9930–73) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 28, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–2435. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Ethanesulfonic acid, 2-hydroxy and the corresponding ammonium, sodium, po-tassium, calcium, magnesium, and zinc salts; Exemption from the Requirement of a Toler-ance’’ (FRL No. 9930–22) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on July 28, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–2436. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Benalaxyl-M; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9927–63) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 28, 2015; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
EC–2437. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a violation of the Antideficiency Act; to the Committee on Ap-propriations. 
EC–2438. A communication from the Chair-
man of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a violation of the Antideficiency Act; to the Committee on Ap-propriations. 
EC–2439. A communication from the Prin-
cipal Deputy Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readiness), transmitting a report on the approved retirement of General Martin E. Dempsey, United States Army, and his advancement to the grade of general on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
EC–2440. A communication from the Acting 
Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readiness), transmitting a report on the ap-proved retirement of General Raymond T. Odierno, United States Army, and his ad-vancement to the grade of general on the re-tired list; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. 
EC–2441. A communication from the Assist-
ant Director for Legislative Affairs, Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection, transmit-
ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘2013 Integrated Mortgage Disclosures Rule Under the Real Estate Settlement Pro-cedures Act (Regulation X) and the Truth In Lending Act (Regulation Z) and Amend-ments; Delay of Effective Date’’ (RIN3170– AA48) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 27, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. 
EC–2442. A communication from the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency that was declared in Executive Order 12947 with respect to terror-ists who threaten to disrupt the Middle East peace process; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
EC–2443. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–015); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–2444. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to sections 36(c) and 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–048); to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. 
EC–2445. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–046); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–2446. A communication from the Assist-
ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act (DDTC 15–066); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
EC–2447. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Wyoming; Revisions to SO2 Ambient Standards’’ (FRL No. 9931–38–Re-gion 8) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 28, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2448. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Washington: Interstate Transport of Fine Particulate Matter’’ (FRL No. 9931–46–Region 10) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 28, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2449. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; North Carolina: Non-inter-ference Demonstration for Federal Low-Reid Vapor Pressure Requirement for Gaston and Mecklenburg Counties’’ (FRL No. 9931–27–Re-gion 4) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 28, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2450. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Georgia: Revisions to Defi-nitions and Ambient Air Quality Standards’’ (FRL No. 9931–65–Region 4) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 28, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2451. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-
titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans and Designation of Areas; North Carolina; Redesignation of the Char-lotte-Rock Hill, 2008 8-Hour Ozone Non-attainment Area to Attainment’’ (FRL No. 9931–28–Region 4) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 28, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2452. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; West Vir-ginia; 2011 Base Year Emissions Inventory for the Marshall, West Virginia Nonattain-ment Area for the 2010 1-Hour Sulfur Dioxide National Ambient Air Quality Standard’’ (FRL No. 9931–56–Region 3) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 28, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2453. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Virginia; Consumer and Commercial Products and Mo-bile Equipment Repair and Refinishing Oper-ations’’ (FRL No. 9931–29–Region 3) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 28, 2015; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. 
EC–2454. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; State of Iowa; Revisions to Linn County Air Quality Ordinance’’ (FRL No. 9931–33–Region 7) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 28, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2455. A communication from the Direc-
tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Technical Amendments to Inad-vertent Errors in Air Quality Designations for the 2006 24-hour Fine Particulate Na-tional Ambient Air Quality Standards (2006 24-hour PM2.5 NAAQS), 1997 Annual PM2.5 NAAQS, and 1987 Annual Coarse Particle (PM10) NAAQS’’ (FRL No. 9929–97–OAR) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 28, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2456. A communication from the Regu-
lations Specialist, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Subsistence Management Regulations for Public Lands in Alaska—2015–2016 and 2016– 2017 Subsistence Taking of Fish Regula-tions’’ (RIN1018–AZ67) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 28, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2457. A communication from the Chief 
of the Endangered Species Listing Branch, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Designation of Critical Habitat for Mount Charleston Blue Butterfly (Icaricia (Plebejus) shasta charlestonensis)’’ (RIN1018–AZ91) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 28, 2015; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. 
EC–2458. A communication from the Chief 
of the Recovery and State Grants Branch, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY6.015 S29JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6134 July 29, 2015 
Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the 
Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Technical Corrections for 54 Wildlife and Plant Species on the List of Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants’’ (RIN1018–BA89) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 28, 2015; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works . 
EC–2459. A communication from the Acting 
Chief of the Endangered Species Listing Branch, Fish and Wildlife Service, Depart-ment of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Endan-gered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Threatened Status for the Rufa Red Knot’’ (RIN1018–AY17) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 28, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2460. A communication from the Acting 
Chief of the Foreign Species Branch, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Inte-rior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Listing All Chimpanzees as Endangered Species; Final Rule’’ (RIN1018–AZ52) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 28, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2461. A communication from the Chief 
of the Division of Environmental Review, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Interagency Co-operation—Endangered Species Act of 1973, as Amended; Incidental Take Statements’’ (RIN1018–AX85) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 28, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
EC–2462. A communication from the Wild-
life Biologist, Fish and Wildlife Service, De-partment of the Interior, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Migratory Bird Permits; Update of Fal-conry Permitting Reporting Address’’ (RIN1018–BA90) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 28, 2015; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on 
Commerce, Science, and Transportation, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute: 
S. 373. A bill to provide for the establish-
ment of nationally uniform and environ-mentally sound standards governing dis-charges incidental to the normal operation of a vessel (Rept. No. 114–96). 
By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on 
Foreign Relations, with an amendment: 
S. 284. A bill to impose sanctions with re-
spect to foreign persons responsible for gross violations of internationally recognized human rights, and for other purposes. 
By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on 
Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, without amendment: 
S. 1596. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 2082 Stringtown Road in Grove City, Ohio, as the ‘‘Specialist Joseph W. Riley Post Office Building’’. 
By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on 
Foreign Relations, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: 
S. 1632. A bill to require a regional strat-
egy to address the threat posed by Boko Haram. By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on 
Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, without amendment: 
S. 1826. A bill to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 99 West 2nd Street in Fond du Lac, Wis-consin, as the Lieutenant Colonel James ‘‘Maggie’’ Megellas Post Office. 
f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF 
COMMITTEES 
The following executive reports of 
nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. CORKER for the Committee on 
Foreign Relations. 
*Sheila Gwaltney, of California, a Career 
Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Ex-traordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Kyrgyz Re-public. 
Nominee: Sheila Gwaltney. Post: Kyrgyz Republic. (The following is a list of all members of 
my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) 
Contributions, amount, date, and donee: 1. Self: 0. 2. Spouse: N/A. 3. Children and Spouses: N/A. 4. Parents: Helen Gwaltney Rose—deceased 
2002; Ralph Carl Gwaltney, Sr.—deceased 1971. 
5. Grandparents: Ollie Tice Casey—de-
ceased 1978 (est); Homer Tice—deceased in 1940s (est); William Gwaltney—deceased in 1960s (est); Father’s mother—deceased in 1930s (est). 
6. Brothers and Spouses: George Michael 
Gwaltney—Deceased in 1997; Ralph Carl Gwaltney, Jr., 0; Marjorie Gwaltney, 0; Dan Gwaltney, 0; Joann Gwaltney, 0; David Gwaltney, 0; Sue Gwaltney, 0; Steven Gwaltney, 0; Deborah Gwaltney, 0. 
7. Sisters and Spouses: NA. 
*Perry L. Holloway, of South Carolina, a 
Career Member of the Senior Foreign Serv-ice, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Am-bassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Co- operative Republic of Guyana. 
Nominee: Perry Lee Holloway. Post: Georgetown, Guyana. (The following is a list of all members of 
my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) 
Contributions, amount, date, and donee: 1. Self: None. 2. Spouse: None. 3. Children and Spouses: None. 4. Parents: None. 5. Grandparents: None. 6. Brothers and Spouses: None. 7. Sisters and Spouses: None. 
*Kathleen Ann Doherty, of New York, a 
Career Member of the Senior Foreign Serv-ice, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Am-bassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Re-public of Cyprus. 
Nominee: Kathleen Ann Doherty. Post: Cyprus. (The following is a list of all members of 
my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by 
them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) 
Contributions: amount, date, and donee: 1. Self: None. 2. Spouse: Not applicable. 3. Children and Spouses: Not Applicable. 4. Parents: Marilyn Doherty: None. John 
Doherty: Deceased (2007). 
5. Grandparents: Thomas Doherty (1944) 
Deceased; Edward Grimm (1956) Deceased; Eliza Jane Doherty (1990) Deceased; Helen Rita Grimm (1986) Deceased. 
6. Brothers and Spouses: Robert Doherty 
and spouse Elizabeth Doherty; Friends of Jim Meffert: $99 10/2010; ACP Services PAC: Cumulative Total $1000, 2/2011, 3/2012, 4/2013, 3/ 2014, Hope for Congress: Total $250, 2/2014, Spouse (Elizabeth Doherty): Obama Victory Fund: Cumulative Total Amount, $366, Feb-ruary, July, and September 2012. 
7. Sisters and Spouses: Erin Doherty Rose 
and spouse Peter Rose: None; Patricia Doherty and spouse Robert Garber: Alan Grayson, Congressional Re-Election Cam-paign, $15.00, 9/2010; Bill Pascrell, Congres-sional Re-Election Campaign, $25.00, 9/2010; MoveOn.org, $5.00 9/2010; Alan Grayson, Con-gressional Re-Election Campaign, $15.00, 9/ 2012; Elizabeth Warren, Senatorial Election Campaign, $50.00, 9/2011; John Arvanites, Congressional Campaign, $50.00, 8/2012; Act Blue DSCC, $15.00, 2/2012; MoveOn.org, $5.00, 9/2012; Act Blue DCCC, $50.00, 9/20/13; Corey Booker, NJ Senatorial Election Campaign, $25.00, 8/2013; Barbara Buono, NJ Governor Election Campaign, $50,00, 8/2013. 
*Hans G. Klemm, of Michigan, a Career 
Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Ex-traordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to Romania. 
Nominee: Hans G. Klemm. Post: Romania. (The following is a list of all members of 
my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) 
Contributions, amount, date, and donee: 1. Self: None. 2. Spouse: Mari Kano Klemm: None. 3. Children and Spouses: N/A. 4. Parents: Hans J. Klemm—deceased; 
Ingeborg K. S. Klemm—deceased. 
5. Grandparents: Grandfather: Emil 
Klemm—deceased; Grandmother: Martha Klemm—deceased; Grandfather: Georg Schievelbein—deceased; Grandmother: Char-lotte Schievelbein—deceased. 
6. Brothers and Spouses: Steven Klemm, 
none; Eileen Klemm (spouse), none. 
7. Sisters and Spouses: Lori Klemm, none; 
Sally Klemm, none. 
*James Desmond Melville, Jr., of New Jer-
sey, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Pleni-potentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Estonia. 
Nominee: James Desmond Melville. Jr. Post: Tallinn, Republic of Estonia. (The following is a list of all members of 
my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) 
Contributions, amount, date, and donee: 1. Self: None. 2. Spouse: None. 3. Children and Spouses: None. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY6.015 S29JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6135 July 29, 2015 
4. Parents: None. 
5. Grandparents: None. 6. Brothers and Spouses: None. 7. Sisters and Spouses: None. 
*Peter F. Mulrean, of Massachusetts, a Ca-
reer Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Counselor, to be Ambassador Ex-traordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Haiti. 
Nominee: Peter Francis Mulrean. Post: Port-au-Prince, Haiti. (The following is a list of all members of 
my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) 
Contributions, amount, date, and donee: 1. Self: $250, 09/02/2012, Barack Obama. 2. Spouse: Corinne Beque: None. 3. Children and Spouses: Chloe Mulrean: 
None; Celine Mulrean: None. 
4. Parents: Francis H. Mulrean—deceased, 
none; Ann S. Mulrean, None. 
5. Grandparents: Francis X. Mulrean—de-
ceased, None; Catherine Mulrean—deceased, None; William Mahoney—deceased, None; Margaret Mahoney—deceased, None. 
6. Sisters and Spouses: Linda M. Mulrean, 
None; John G. Rowe, None; Diane J. Mulrean, None; Mary C. Mulrean, None; Rob-ert P. Wiemann—None. 
*Laura Farnsworth Dogu, of Texas, a Ca-
reer Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambas-sador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Nicaragua. 
Nominee: Laura Farnsworth Dogu. Post: Mexico City. (The following is a list of all members of 
my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) 
Contributions, amount, date, and donee: 1. Self: None. 2. Spouse: None. 3. Children and Spouses: Derin Berk Dogu 
(son), none; Adem Akin Dogu (son) none. 
4. Parents: Patricia F. Farnsworth, none; 
David Lee Farnsworth (deceased). 
5. Grandparents: Agnes Fanning (deceased), 
Wallace Fanning (deceased). 
6. Brothers and Spouses: Andrew 
Farnsworth (brother), none; Jennifer Farnsworth (spouse), none. 
7. Sisters and Spouses: Katherine 
Farnsworth (sister), none. 
*Samuel D. Heins, of Minnesota, to be Am-
bassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the King-dom of Norway. 
Nominee: Samuel D. Heins. Post: U.S. Ambassador to the Kingdom of 
Norway. 
Nominated: May 14, 2015. (The following is a list of all members of 
my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) 
Contributions, Amount, Date, Donee: 1. Samuel D. Heins Please see continuation 
pages. 
2. Stacey Mills Heins Please see continu-
ation pages. 
3. Children and Spouses: Madeleine Sarah 
lsraelson (Heins): None; Brody Israelson: None; Nora Sarah Murray (Heins): None; 
Scott Murray: Please see continuation pages. 
4. Parents: Maurice Heins: Please see con-
tinuation pages; Hadassa Wagman Heins: Please see continuation pages. 
5. Grandparents: Alec Wagman: Deceased; 
Libby Wagman: Deceased; Samuel Heins: De-ceased; Rose Heins: Deceased. 
6. Brothers and Spouses: None. 7. Sisters and Spouses: Sulamith Heins 
Potter: None; Jack Potter: None. 
Samuel D. Heins, 2,500, 10/19/2011, Barnes 
for Congress; 200, 12/13/2011, Chris Coleman for Congress; 30,800, 8/5/2011 (refunded on 8/12/ 2011), Democratic Senatorial Campaign Com-mittee; 10,000, 8/12/2011, Franken MVPS; 2,500, 
9/30/2011, Friends of Maria; 800, 2/2/2011, Klo-buchar for Minnesota 2012; 1,000, 7/28/2011, McCollum for Congress; 2,500, 5/3/2011, Min-nesota Democratic Farmer-Labor Party; 35,800, 8/17/2011 ($5,000 refund on 8/17/2011; $30,800 refunded from portion of contribution allocable to the Democratic Senatorial Cam-paign Committee on 3/29/2013), Minnesota Senate 2012; 10,000, 5/11/2011, Minnesota Sen-ate Victory Committee 2012; 2,500, 9/13/2011, Montanans For Tester; 2,500, 9/13/2011, Mon-tanans For Tester; 2,500, 4/4/2011, Obama For America; 2,500, 4/4/2011, Obama For America; 30,800, 10/11/2011, Obama Victory Fund 2012; 9,200, 12/16/2011, Swing State Victory Fund; 250, 3/31/2011, Tim Walz for US Congress; 2,250, 5/11/2011, Tim Walz for US Congress; 2,500, 5/ 12/2011, Tim Walz for US Congress; 5,000, 9/14/ 2011, Treasure State PAC; 2,500, 6/17/2011, Whitehouse for Senate; 35,800, 3/27/2012, Com-mittee for Charlotte, NC; 10,000, 9/19/2012, Iowa Democratic Party (transferred to non-federal account); 5,000, 3/2/2012, Minnesota Democratic Farmer-Labor Party; 2,000, 9/19/ 2012, Minnesota Democratic Farmer-Labor Party; 500, 11/29/2012, Minnesota Democratic Farmer-Labor Party; 500, 6/5/2013, Minnesota Democratic Farmer-Labor Party; 1,000, 3/4/ 2013, Minnesota Democratic Farmer-Labor Party; 5,000, 1/24/2013, Midwest Values PAC; 2,500, 4/3/2013, Follow the North Star Fund; 32,400, 2/28/2013, Democratic Senatorial Cam-paign Committee; 5,200, 5/19/2014, Alison Lundergan Grimes for US Senate; 5,000, 7/15/ 2014, Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee; 15,000, 2/20/2014, Democratic Na-tional Committee; 10,000, 8/07/2014, Minnesota Democratic Farmer-Labor Party; 1,000, 9/11/ 2014, Minnesota Democratic Farmer-Labor Party (transferred to nonfederal account on 10/18/2014); 10,000, 10/17/2014, Minnesota Demo-cratic Farmer-Labor Party (transferred to nonfederal account on 10/18/2014); 5,000, 6/27/ 2014, Ready for Hillary PAC; 1,000, 7/8/2014, Tim Waltz for US Congress; 5,000, 7/7/2014, Win Minnesota Federal PAC. 
Stacey Mills Heins, 2,500, 10/20/2011, Barnes 
for Congress; 10,000, 8/12/2011 ($5,000 refunded on 2/24/2013 from portion of contribution allo-cable to Midwest Values PAC), Franken MVPS; 200, 2/2/2011, Klobuchar for Minnesota 2012; 1,400, 2/2/2011, Klobuchar for Minnesota 2012; 300, 4/30/2011, Klobuchar for Minnesota 2012; 2,300 4/30/2011 ($200 refunded on 5/11/2011), Klobuchar for Minnesota 2012; 1000, 7/27/2011 (refunded 2/11/2013,) Minnesota Democratic Farmer-Labor Party; 30,800, 10/11/2011, Obama Victory Fund 2012; 9,200, 12/16/2011, Swing State Victory Fund; 2,500, 8/31/2011, Tim Walz For US Congress; 300, 9/30/2012 (refunded on 4/ 30/2013), Democratic Party of Wisconsin; 2,500, 5/31/2012, Jim Graves for Congress; 2,500, 9/24/2012, Jim Graves for Congress; 5,000, 3/19/ 2012, Obama Victory Fund 2012; 30,800, 3/19/ 2012, Obama Victory Fund 2012; 2,500, 6/15/ 2012, Tim Walz for US Congress; 5,000, 1/24/ 2013 (refunded 2/24/2013), Midwest Values PAC; 500, 3/11/2013, Minnesota Democratic Farmer-Labor Party; 5,000, 1/14/2013, Presi-dential Inaugural Committee 2013; 5,000, 1/2/ 2013, Presidential Inaugural Committee 2013; 500, 6/18/2014, Minnesota Democratic Farmer- Labor Party. Maurice Heins, 5,000, 8/8/2011, Democratic 
Senatorial Campaign Committee; 20,000, 9/14/ 2012, Obama Victory Fund 2012. 
Hadassa Wagman Heins, 25,000, 10/27/2011, 
Obama Victory Fund 2012; 5,000, 5/21/2012, Obama Victory Fund 2012; 1,000, 7/23/2012, Democratic Senatorial Campaign Com-mittee; 20,000, 9/14/2012, Obama Victory Fund 2012. 
Scott Murray, 100, Sep 14, Mayday PAC. 
*Paul Wayne Jones, of Maryland, a Career 
Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Career Minister, to be Ambassador Ex-traordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Poland. 
Nominee: Paul Wayne Jones. Post: Poland. (The following is a list of all members of 
my immediate family and their spouses. I have asked each of these persons to inform me of the pertinent contributions made by them. To the best of my knowledge, the in-formation contained in this report is com-plete and accurate.) 
Contributions, amount, date, and donee: 1. Self: None. 2. Spouse: Catherine Cheremeteff Grove 
Jones, none. 
3. Children and Spouses: Aleksandra 
Cheremeteff Jones, none; Hale Grove Jones, none. 
4. Parents: Evelyn Jones (Mother), $175, 
2014, DSCC; $175, 2013, DSCC; $150, 2012, DSCC; $50, 2012, Obama Victory Fund; $50, 2012, Obama for America; Father—deceased. 
5. Grandparents: None living, none. 6. Brothers and Spouses: none. 7. Sisters and Spouses: Catherine Johnsen 
(Sister), none; Sigurd Johnsen (Her Spouse), none; Margaret Anne Wayne Jones (Sister), none. 
*Michele Thoren Bond, of the District of 
Columbia, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be an Assistant Secretary of State (Con-sular Affairs). 
*Sarah Elizabeth Mendelson, of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to be Representative of the United States of America on the Eco-nomic and Social Council of the United Na-tions, with the rank of Ambassador. 
*Sarah Elizabeth Mendelson, of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to be an Alternate Rep-resentative of the United States of America to the Sessions of the General Assembly of the United Nations, during her tenure of service as Representative of the United States of America on the Economic and So-cial Council of the United Nations. 
*Gayle Smith, of Ohio, to be Adminis-
trator of the United States Agency for Inter-national Development. 
*Thomas O. Melia, of Maryland, to be an 
Assistant Administrator of the United States Agency for International Develop-ment. 
Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, for the 
Committee on Foreign Relations I re-port favorably the following nomina-tion list which was printed in the R
ECORD on the date indicated, and ask 
unanimous consent, to save the ex-pense of reprinting on the Executive Calendar that this nomination lie at the Secretary’s desk for the informa-tion of Senators. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
*Foreign Service nominations beginning 
with Maura Barry Boyle and ending with An-thony Wolak, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record on June 10, 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY6.027 S29JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6136 July 29, 2015 
(minus 3 nominees: Jeffries Blunt de 
Graffenried, Jr.; Debbie Patrice Jackson; Christopher Nairn Steel) 
By Mr. INHOFE for the Committee on En-
vironment and Public Works. 
*Kristen Marie Kulinowski, of New York, 
to be a Member of the Chemical Safety and Hazard Investigation Board for a term of five years. 
*Eric Martin Satz, of Tennessee, to be a 
Member of the Board of Directors of the Ten-nessee Valley Authority for a term expiring May 18, 2018. 
*Vanessa Lorraine Allen Sutherland, of 
Virginia, to be a Member of the Chemical Safety and Hazard Investigation Board for a term of five years. 
*Vanessa Lorraine Allen Sutherland, of 
Virginia, to be Chairperson of the Chemical Safety and Hazard Investigation Board for a term of five years. 
*Gregory Guy Nadeau, of Maine, to be Ad-
ministrator of the Federal Highway Admin-istration. 
By Mr. JOHNSON for the Committee on 
Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
*Denise Turner Roth, of North Carolina, to 
be Administrator of General Services. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-
ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. CARDIN (for himself and Mr. 
KIRK): 
S. 1882. A bill to support the sustainable re-
covery and rebuilding of Nepal following the recent, devastating earthquakes near Kathmandu; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
By Mr. REED (for himself and Mrs. 
C
APITO ): 
S. 1883. A bill to maximize discovery, and 
accelerate development and availability, of promising childhood cancer treatments, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. 
W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. R EED, Mr. B ROWN , 
Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. K ING, and Ms. 
HIRONO ): 
S. 1884. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to deliver a meaningful benefit and lower prescription drug prices under the Medicare program; to the Com-mittee on Finance. 
By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, 
Mr. S
ANDERS , Mr. B ROWN , and Ms. 
HIRONO ): 
S. 1885. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to improve the provision of as-sistance and benefits to veterans who are homeless, at risk of becoming homeless, or occupying temporary housing, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. 
By Mr. WICKER (for himself and Ms. 
C
ANTWELL ): 
S. 1886. A bill to reauthorize the Integrated 
Costal and Ocean Observation System Act of 2009 and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. 
By Mr. CASEY (for himself, Mr. G
RASS -
LEY, and Mr. P ERDUE ): S. 1887. A bill to protect and preserve inter-
national cultural property at risk due to po-litical instability, armed conflict, or natural or other disasters, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. 
By Mr. M
CCAIN (for himself and Mr. 
ENZI): 
S. 1888. A bill to reduce waste and imple-
ment cost savings and revenue enhancement for the Federal Government; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
By Ms. MIKULSKI: 
S. 1889. A bill to make supplemental appro-
priations for fiscal year 2015; to the Com-mittee on Appropriations. 
By Mr. HATCH (for himself, Mr. C
OONS , 
Mr. F LAKE , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. T ILLIS , 
and Ms. B ALDWIN ): 
S. 1890. A bill to amend chapter 90 of title 
18, United States Code, to provide Federal ju-risdiction for the theft of trade secrets, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. 
U
DALL ): 
S. 1891. A bill to amend the Mineral Leas-
ing Act to improve coal royalties, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. HATCH (for himself and Mr. 
W
ARNER ): 
S. 1892. A bill to provide for loan repay-
ment for teachers in high-need schools; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. ALEXANDER (for himself, Mrs. 
M
URRAY , Mr. E NZI, Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. 
ISAKSON , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. K IRK, Ms. 
BALDWIN , Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. M URPHY , 
Ms. A YOTTE , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. 
WICKER , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. U DALL , Mr. 
DURBIN , Ms. M IKULSKI , Ms. H EITKAMP , 
and Mr. C ASSIDY ): 
S. 1893. A bill to reauthorize and improve 
programs related to mental health and sub-stance use disorders; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself and 
Mrs. B
OXER ): 
S. 1894. A bill to provide short-term water 
supplies to drought-stricken California; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
By Mr. M
CCAIN: 
S. 1895. A bill to amend the Radiation Ex-
posure Compensation Act for purposes of making claims under such Act based on ex-posure to atmospheric nuclear testing; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. CASEY (for himself, Mr. 
F
RANKEN , Mrs. M URRAY , Ms. W ARREN , 
Mr. B ROWN , and Mr. M ERKLEY ): 
S. 1896. A bill to amend the Fair Labor 
Standards Act of 1938 to ensure that employ-ees are not misclassified as non-employees, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. SCOTT (for himself, Mr. G
RA-
HAM, and Mr. B OOKER ): 
S. 1897. A bill to help keep law enforcement 
officers and communities safer by making grants to purchase body worn cameras for use by State, local, and tribal law enforce-ment officers; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. 
By Mr. CASSIDY: 
S. 1898. A bill to establish a program to as-
sist in the importation and care of abused, injured, or abandoned nonhuman primates; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: By Mr. BLUNT: 
S. Res. 234. A resolution to authorize the 
printing of a collection of the rules of the committees of the Senate; considered and agreed to. 
By Mr. RUBIO (for himself and Mr. 
N
ELSON ): 
S. Res. 235. A resolution designating Sep-
tember 2015 as ‘‘National Spinal Cord Injury Awareness Month’’; considered and agreed to. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 30 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the 
name of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
30, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to modify the defini-
tion of full-time employee for purposes of the employer mandate in the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
S. 31 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the 
name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 31, a bill to amend part D of title XVIII of the Social Security Act to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to negotiate covered part D drug prices on behalf of Medi-care beneficiaries. 
S. 141 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the 
name of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
141, a bill to repeal the provisions of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act providing for the Independent Payment Advisory Board. 
S. 149 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the 
name of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
149, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to repeal the excise tax on medical devices. 
S. 258 
At the request of Mr. R OBERTS , the 
name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 258, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to remove the 96-hour physician certification require-ment for inpatient critical access hos-pital services. 
S. 330 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the 
name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 330, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make perma-nent the special rule for contributions of qualified conservation contribu-tions, and for other purposes. 
S. 621 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 621, a bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to en-sure the safety and effectiveness of medically important antimicrobials approved for use in the prevention and control of animal diseases, in order to minimize the development of anti-biotic-resistant bacteria. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:45 Feb 23, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\JUL 15\S29JY5.REC S29JY5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6137 July 29, 2015 
S. 637 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the 
name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 637, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend and modify the railroad track maintenance credit. 
S. 700 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the 
name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 700, a bill to amend the Asbestos In-formation Act of 1988 to establish a public database of asbestos-containing products, to require public disclosure of information pertaining to the manu-facture, processing, distribution, and use of asbestos-containing products in the United States, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 709 
At the request of Mr. R OBERTS , the 
name of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
709, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to repeal the amend-ments made by the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act which dis-qualify expenses for over-the-counter drugs under health savings accounts and health flexible spending arrange-ments. 
S. 804 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the 
name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 804, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to specify coverage of continuous glucose monitoring devices, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 925 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R
EED) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 925, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to convene a panel of citi-zens to make a recommendation to the Secretary regarding the likeness of a woman on the twenty dollar bill, and for other purposes. 
S. 1110 
At the request of Mr. E NZI, the name 
of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 1110, a bill to direct the Secretary of Agriculture to publish in the Federal Register a strategy to significantly in-crease the role of volunteers and part-ners in National Forest System trail maintenance, and for other purposes. 
S. 1121 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1121, a bill to amend the Horse Protection Act to designate additional unlawful acts under the Act, strength-en penalties for violations of the Act, improve Department of Agriculture en-forcement of the Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 1144 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , 
the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H EINRICH ) was added as a 
cosponsor of S. 1144, a bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide for a corporate responsibility invest-ment option under the Thrift Savings Plan. 
S. 1212 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1212, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the Small Business Act to expand the availability of employee stock ownership plans in S corporations, and for other purposes. 
S. 1312 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the 
name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1312, a bill to modernize Federal policies regarding the supply and dis-tribution of energy in the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 1345 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1345, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to im-prove access to diabetes self-manage-ment training by authorizing certified diabetes educators to provide diabetes self-management training services, in-cluding as part of telehealth services, under part B of the Medicare program. 
S. 1382 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1382, a bill to prohibit discrimina-tion in adoption or foster care place-ments based on the sexual orientation, gender identity, or marital status of any prospective adoptive or foster par-ent, or the sexual orientation or gender identity of the child involved. 
S. 1465 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name 
of the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. T
HUNE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1465, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to expand access to stroke telehealth services under the Medicare program. 
S. 1489 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the 
name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1489, a bill to strengthen support for the Cuban people and prohibit financial transactions with the Cuban military, and for other purposes. 
S. 1555 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1555, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the Fili-pino veterans of World War II, in rec-ognition of the dedicated service of the veterans during World War II. 
S. 1659 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1659, a bill to amend the Voting Rights Act of 1965 to revise the criteria 
for determining which States and polit-ical subdivisions are subject to section 4 of the Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 1760 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1760, a bill to prevent gun trafficking. 
S. 1789 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the 
names of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE), the Senator from West 
Virginia (Mrs. C APITO ), the Senator 
from New Hampshire (Mrs. S HAHEEN ) 
and the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 
1789, a bill to improve defense coopera-tion between the United States and the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan. 
S. 1812 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. S
COTT) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1812, a bill to protect public safety by incentivizing State and local law enforcement to cooperate with Federal immigration law enforcement to prevent the release of criminal aliens into communities. 
S. 1832 
At the request of Mr. S ANDERS , the 
name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1832, a bill to provide for increases in the Federal minimum wage. 
S. 1833 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
name of the Senator from Maryland (Ms. M
IKULSKI ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1833, a bill to amend the Rich-ard B. Russell National School Lunch Act to improve the child and adult care food program. 
S. 1834 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , 
the name of the Senator from Rhode Is-land (Mr. R
EED) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1834, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to protect more victims of domestic violence by pre-venting their abusers from possessing or receiving firearms, and for other purposes. 
S. 1872 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1872, a bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to require the Secretary to provide for the use of data from the second preceding tax year to carry out the simplification of applica-tions for the estimation and deter-mination of financial aid eligibility, to increase the income threshold to qual-ify for zero expected family contribu-tion, and for other purposes. 
S. 1875 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the 
name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1875, a bill to support enhanced ac-countability for United States assist-ance to Afghanistan, and for other pur-poses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY6.020 S29JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6138 July 29, 2015 
S. 1877 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the 
name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1877, a bill to require the Attorney General to appoint a special prosecutor to investigate Planned Parenthood, and for other purposes. 
S. 1881 
At the request of Mrs. E RNST , the 
names of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ), the Senator from North 
Carolina (Mr. B URR), the Senator from 
Arkansas (Mr. C OTTON ), the Senator 
from Arizona (Mr. M CCAIN), the Sen-
ator from Louisiana (Mr. C ASSIDY ), the 
Senator from Ohio (Mr. P ORTMAN ), the 
Senator from North Carolina (Mr. T
ILLIS ), the Senator from Florida (Mr. 
RUBIO), the Senator from Louisiana 
(Mr. V ITTER ), the Senator from South 
Dakota (Mr. R OUNDS ), the Senator from 
Mississippi (Mr. W ICKER ), the Senator 
from Idaho (Mr. C RAPO ) and the Sen-
ator from Utah (Mr. L EE) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 1881, a bill to prohibit Federal funding of Planned Parenthood Federation of America. 
S. RES. 230 
At the request of Mr. K ING, the name 
of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. Res. 230, a resolution designating September 25, 2015, as ‘‘National Lob-ster Day’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2279 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the 
names of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ), the Senator from Il-
linois (Mr. D URBIN ), the Senator from 
Connecticut (Mr. B LUMENTHAL ), the 
Senator from Maryland (Ms. M IKULSKI ) 
and the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) were added as cosponsors of 
amendment No. 2279 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 22, a bill to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administra-tion from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2416 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
name of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) was added as a cosponsor 
of amendment No. 2416 intended to be proposed to H.R. 22, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ex-empt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Ad-ministration from being taken into ac-count for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer man-date applies under the Patient Protec-tion and Affordable Care Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2419 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 2419 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 22, a bill to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administra-tion from being taken into account for 
purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2456 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
names of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) and the Senator from Oregon 
(Mr. M ERKLEY ) were added as cospon-
sors of amendment No. 2456 intended to be proposed to H.R. 22, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health cov-erage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. REED (for himself and 
Mrs. C APITO ): 
S. 1883. A bill to maximize discovery, 
and accelerate development and avail-ability, of promising childhood cancer treatments, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, I am 
pleased to be joined by Senator C
APITO  
in the introduction of the Childhood Cancer Survivorship, Treatment, Ac-cess, and Research, STAR, Act of 2015. This legislation is an extension of on-going bipartisan efforts in the Senate over the past decade to get us closer to the goal of hopefully one day curing cancers in children, adolescents, and young adults. Representatives M
CCAUL, 
VANHOLLEN , and S PEIER are intro-
ducing the companion legislation in the other body. 
I first started working on this issue 
after meeting the Haight family from Warwick, RI, in June of 2004. Nancy and Vincent lost their son, Ben, when he was just 9 years old to neuro-blastoma, a very aggressive tumor in the brain. 
The heart-wrenching story of Ben 
Haight highlights the importance of this legislation. It is my hope that one day Ben’s story, and thousands of other children like him, will be one of sur-vival. With the strong support of fami-lies like the Haights for increased re-search into the causes of childhood cancers and improved treatment op-tions, I introduced bipartisan legisla-tion that eventually was signed into law in 2008 as the Caroline Pryce Walk-er Conquer Childhood Cancer Act. 
This was an important step. Yet, 
more work remains. With the STAR Act, we would take the next needed steps to advance pediatric cancer re-search and child-focused cancer treat-ments, while also improving childhood cancer surveillance and providing re-sources for survivors and those im-pacted by childhood cancer. 
If a treatment is working, doctors 
elsewhere should know immediately. The same should happen if a treatment isn’t working, or if other major med-
ical events occur during the course of a particular treatment. It is critical that doctors, nurses, and other providers are able to effectively communicate infor-mation about the disease, the treat-ment process, and what other health and development impacts children can expect to experience. 
As such, the STAR Act reauthorizes 
the Caroline Pryce Walker Conquer Childhood Cancer Act to help create a comprehensive children’s cancer bio-repository for researchers to use in searching for biospecimens to study and would improve surveillance of childhood cancer cases. 
Additionally, this legislation in-
cludes provisions dealing with issues that arise for survivors of childhood cancer. Unfortunately, even after beat-ing cancer, as many as two-thirds of childhood cancer survivors are likely to experience at least one late effect of treatment; as many as one-fourth expe-rience a late effect that is serious or life-threatening, including second can-cers and organ damage. 
We must do more to ensure that chil-
dren survive cancer and any late ef-fects so they can live a long, healthy, and productive life. This legislation would enhance research on the late ef-fects of childhood cancers, improve col-laboration among providers so that doctors are better able to care for this population as they age, and establish a new pilot program to begin to explore improved models of care for childhood cancer survivors. 
This legislation also provides some 
clarity for patients and their physi-cians attempting to access new drugs and therapies from pharmaceutical companies. When a patient has run out of other options, the last thing they and their families need is to spend months being given the run-around trying to access a potential treatment. 
Lastly, this bill will ensure more pe-
diatric expertise at the National Insti-tutes of Health to better leverage the research investment to improve pedi-atric cancer research by requiring the inclusion of at least one pediatric oncologist on the National Cancer Ad-visory Board and improving childhood health reporting requirements to in-clude pediatric cancer. 
I am pleased that the Childhood Can-
cer STAR Act has the support of the American Cancer Society Cancer Ac-tion Network, St. Baldrick’s Founda-tion, and Children’s Oncology Group, among others. I look forward to work-ing with these and other stakeholders, as well as Senator C
APITO to urge the 
rest of our colleagues to join us in sup-porting this crucial legislation. 
By Mr. DURBIN (for himself, Mr. 
WHITEHOUSE , Mr. R EED, Mr. 
BROWN , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. K ING, 
and Ms. H IRONO ): 
S. 1884. A bill to amend title XVIII of 
the Social Security Act to deliver a meaningful benefit and lower prescrip-tion drug prices under the Medicare 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY6.021 S29JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6139 July 29, 2015 
program; to the Committee on Fi-
nance. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 1884 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Medicare 
Prescription Drug Savings and Choice Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. ESTABLISHMENT OF MEDICARE OPER-
ATED PRESCRIPTION DRUG PLAN OPTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subpart 2 of part D of 
title XVIII of the Social Security Act is amended by inserting after section 1860D–11 (42 U.S.C. 1395w–111) the following new sec-tion: 
‘‘
MEDICARE OPERATED PRESCRIPTION DRUG  
PLAN OPTION  
‘‘SEC. 1860D–11A. (a) I NGENERAL .—Not-
withstanding any other provision of this part, for each year (beginning with 2017), in addition to any plans offered under section 1860D–11, the Secretary shall offer one or more Medicare operated prescription drug plans (as defined in subsection (c)) with a service area that consists of the entire United States and shall enter into negotia-tions in accordance with subsection (b) with pharmaceutical manufacturers to reduce the purchase cost of covered part D drugs for eli-gible part D individuals who enroll in such a plan. 
‘‘(b) N
EGOTIATIONS .—Notwithstanding sec-
tion 1860D–11(i), for purposes of offering a Medicare operated prescription drug plan under this section, the Secretary shall nego-tiate with pharmaceutical manufacturers with respect to the purchase price of covered part D drugs in a Medicare operated prescrip-tion drug plan and shall encourage the use of more affordable therapeutic equivalents to the extent such practices do not override medical necessity as determined by the pre-scribing physician. To the extent practicable and consistent with the previous sentence, the Secretary shall implement strategies similar to those used by other Federal pur-chasers of prescription drugs, and other strategies, including the use of a formulary and formulary incentives in subsection (e), to reduce the purchase cost of covered part D drugs. 
‘‘(c) M
EDICARE OPERATED PRESCRIPTION  
DRUG PLAN DEFINED .—For purposes of this 
part, the term ‘Medicare operated prescrip-tion drug plan’ means a prescription drug plan that offers qualified prescription drug coverage and access to negotiated prices de-scribed in section 1860D–2(a)(1)(A). Such a plan may offer supplemental prescription drug coverage in the same manner as other qualified prescription drug coverage offered by other prescription drug plans. 
‘‘(d) M
ONTHLY BENEFICIARY PREMIUM .— 
‘‘(1) Q UALIFIED PRESCRIPTION DRUG COV -
ERAGE .—The monthly beneficiary premium 
for qualified prescription drug coverage and access to negotiated prices described in sec-tion 1860D–2(a)(1)(A) to be charged under a Medicare operated prescription drug plan shall be uniform nationally. Such premium for months in 2017 and each succeeding year shall be based on the average monthly per capita actuarial cost of offering the Medi-care operated prescription drug plan for the year involved, including administrative ex-penses. ‘‘(2) S
UPPLEMENTAL PRESCRIPTION DRUG  
COVERAGE .—Insofar as a Medicare operated 
prescription drug plan offers supplemental prescription drug coverage, the Secretary may adjust the amount of the premium charged under paragraph (1). 
‘‘(e) U
SE OF A FORMULARY AND FORMULARY  
INCENTIVES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—With respect to the oper-
ation of a Medicare operated prescription drug plan, the Secretary shall establish and apply a formulary (and may include for-mulary incentives described in paragraph (2)(C)(ii)) in accordance with this subsection in order to— 
‘‘(A) increase patient safety; ‘‘(B) increase appropriate use and reduce 
inappropriate use of drugs; and 
‘‘(C) reward value. ‘‘(2) D
EVELOPMENT OF INITIAL FORMULARY .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In selecting covered 
part D drugs for inclusion in a formulary, the Secretary shall consider clinical benefit and price. 
‘‘(B) R
OLE OF AHRQ .—The Director of the 
Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality shall be responsible for assessing the clinical benefit of covered part D drugs and making recommendations to the Secretary regarding which drugs should be included in the for-mulary. In conducting such assessments and making such recommendations, the Director shall— 
‘‘(i) consider safety concerns including 
those identified by the Food and Drug Ad-ministration; 
‘‘(ii) use available data and evaluations, 
with priority given to randomized controlled trials, to examine clinical effectiveness, comparative effectiveness, safety, and en-hanced compliance with a drug regimen; 
‘‘(iii) use the same classes of drugs devel-
oped by the United States Pharmacopeia for this part; 
‘‘(iv) consider evaluations made by— ‘‘(I) the Director under section 1013 of the 
Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003; 
‘‘(II) other Federal entities, such as the 
Secretary of Veterans Affairs; and 
‘‘(III) other private and public entities, 
such as the Drug Effectiveness Review Project and State plans under title XIX; and 
‘‘(v) recommend to the Secretary— ‘‘(I) those drugs in a class that provide a 
greater clinical benefit, including fewer safe-ty concerns or less risk of side-effects, than another drug in the same class that should be included in the formulary; 
‘‘(II) those drugs in a class that provide 
less clinical benefit, including greater safety concerns or a greater risk of side-effects, than another drug in the same class that should be excluded from the formulary; and 
‘‘(III) drugs in a class with same or similar 
clinical benefit for which it would be appro-priate for the Secretary to competitively bid (or negotiate) for placement on the for-mulary. 
‘‘(C) C
ONSIDERATION OF AHRQ RECOMMENDA -
TIONS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary, after tak-
ing into consideration the recommendations under subparagraph (B)(v), shall establish a formulary, and formulary incentives, to en-courage use of covered part D drugs that— 
‘‘(I) have a lower cost and provide a greater 
clinical benefit than other drugs; 
‘‘(II) have a lower cost than other drugs 
with the same or similar clinical benefit; and 
‘‘(III) have the same cost but provide 
greater clinical benefit than other drugs. 
‘‘(ii) F
ORMULARY INCENTIVES .—The for-
mulary incentives under clause (i) may be in the form of one or more of the following: 
‘‘(I) Tiered copayments. ‘‘(II) Reference pricing. ‘‘(III) Prior authorization. ‘‘(IV) Step therapy. 
‘‘(V) Medication therapy management. ‘‘(VI) Generic drug substitution. ‘‘(iii) F
LEXIBILITY .—In applying such for-
mulary incentives the Secretary may decide not to impose any cost-sharing for a covered part D drug for which— 
‘‘(I) the elimination of cost sharing would 
be expected to increase compliance with a drug regimen; and 
‘‘(II) compliance would be expected to 
produce savings under part A or B or both. 
‘‘(3) L
IMITATIONS ON FORMULARY .—In any 
formulary established under this subsection, the formulary may not be changed during a year, except— 
‘‘(A) to add a generic version of a covered 
part D drug that entered the market; 
‘‘(B) to remove such a drug for which a 
safety problem is found; and 
‘‘(C) to add a drug that the Secretary iden-
tifies as a drug which treats a condition for which there has not previously been a treat-ment option or for which a clear and signifi-cant benefit has been demonstrated over other covered part D drugs. 
‘‘(4) A
DDING DRUGS TO THE INITIAL FOR -
MULARY .— 
‘‘(A) U SE OF ADVISORY COMMITTEE .—The 
Secretary shall establish and appoint an ad-visory committee (in this paragraph referred to as the ‘advisory committee’)— 
‘‘(i) to review petitions from drug manufac-
turers, health care provider organizations, patient groups, and other entities for inclu-sion of a drug in, or other changes to, such formulary; and 
‘‘(ii) to recommend any changes to the for-
mulary established under this subsection. 
‘‘(B) C
OMPOSITION .—The advisory com-
mittee shall be composed of 9 members and shall include representatives of physicians, pharmacists, and consumers and others with expertise in evaluating prescription drugs. The Secretary shall select members based on their knowledge of pharmaceuticals and the Medicare population. Members shall be deemed to be special Government employees for purposes of applying the conflict of inter-est provisions under section 208 of title 18, United States Code, and no waiver of such provisions for such a member shall be per-mitted. 
‘‘(C) C
ONSULTATION .—The advisory com-
mittee shall consult, as necessary, with phy-sicians who are specialists in treating the disease for which a drug is being considered. 
‘‘(D) R
EQUEST FOR STUDIES .—The advisory 
committee may request the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality or an aca-demic or research institution to study and make a report on a petition described in sub-paragraph (A)(i) in order to assess— 
‘‘(i) clinical effectiveness; ‘‘(ii) comparative effectiveness; ‘‘(iii) safety; and ‘‘(iv) enhanced compliance with a drug reg-
imen. 
‘‘(E) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—The advisory 
committee shall make recommendations to the Secretary regarding— 
‘‘(i) whether a covered part D drug is found 
to provide a greater clinical benefit, includ-ing fewer safety concerns or less risk of side- effects, than another drug in the same class that is currently included in the formulary and should be included in the formulary; 
‘‘(ii) whether a covered part D drug is 
found to provide less clinical benefit, includ-ing greater safety concerns or a greater risk of side-effects, than another drug in the same class that is currently included in the formulary and should not be included in the formulary; and 
‘‘(iii) whether a covered part D drug has 
the same or similar clinical benefit to a drug in the same class that is currently included 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY6.023 S29JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6140 July 29, 2015 
in the formulary and whether the drug 
should be included in the formulary. 
‘‘(F) L IMITATIONS ON REVIEW OF MANUFAC -
TURER PETITIONS .—The advisory committee 
shall not review a petition of a drug manu-facturer under subparagraph (A)(i) with re-spect to a covered part D drug unless the pe-tition is accompanied by the following: 
‘‘(i) Raw data from clinical trials on the 
safety and effectiveness of the drug. 
‘‘(ii) Any data from clinical trials con-
ducted using active controls on the drug or drugs that are the current standard of care. 
‘‘(iii) Any available data on comparative 
effectiveness of the drug. 
‘‘(iv) Any other information the Secretary 
requires for the advisory committee to com-plete its review. 
‘‘(G) R
ESPONSE TO RECOMMENDATIONS .—The 
Secretary shall review the recommendations of the advisory committee and if the Sec-retary accepts such recommendations the Secretary shall modify the formulary estab-lished under this subsection accordingly. Nothing in this section shall preclude the Secretary from adding to the formulary a drug for which the Director of the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality or the advisory committee has not made a rec-ommendation. 
‘‘(H) N
OTICE OF CHANGES .—The Secretary 
shall provide timely notice to beneficiaries and health professionals about changes to the formulary or formulary incentives. 
‘‘(f) I
NFORMING BENEFICIARIES .—The Sec-
retary shall take steps to inform bene-ficiaries about the availability of a Medicare operated drug plan or plans including pro-viding information in the annual handbook distributed to all beneficiaries and adding in-formation to the official public Medicare website related to prescription drug coverage available through this part. 
‘‘(g) A
PPLICATION OF ALLOTHER REQUIRE -
MENTS FOR PRESCRIPTION DRUG PLANS .—Ex-
cept as specifically provided in this section, any Medicare operated drug plan shall meet the same requirements as apply to any other prescription drug plan, including the require-ments of section 1860D–4(b)(1) relating to as-suring pharmacy access.’’. 
(b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
(1) Section 1860D–3(a) of the Social Secu-
rity Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–103(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: 
‘‘(4) A
VAILABILITY OF THE MEDICARE OPER -
ATED PRESCRIPTION DRUG PLAN .—A Medicare 
operated prescription drug plan (as defined in section 1860D–11A(c)) shall be offered na-tionally in accordance with section 1860D– 11A.’’. 
(2)(A) Section 1860D–3 of the Social Secu-
rity Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–103) is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: 
‘‘(c) P
ROVISIONS ONLY APPLICABLE IN 2006 
THROUGH 2016.—The provisions of this sec-
tion shall only apply with respect to 2006 through 2016.’’. 
(B) Section 1860D–11(g) of such Act (42 
U.S.C. 1395w–111(g)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(8) N
O AUTHORITY FOR FALLBACK PLANS  
AFTER 2016 .—A fallback prescription drug 
plan shall not be available after December 31, 2016.’’. 
(3) Section 1860D–13(c)(3) of the Social Se-
curity Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–113(c)(3)) is amended— 
(A) in the heading, by inserting ‘‘
AND MEDI -
CARE OPERATED PRESCRIPTION DRUG PLANS ’’ 
after ‘‘F ALLBACK PLANS ’’; and 
(B) by inserting ‘‘or a Medicare operated 
prescription drug plan’’ after ‘‘a fallback pre-scription drug plan’’. (4) Section 1860D–16(b)(1) of the Social Se-
curity Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–116(b)(1)) is amended— 
(A) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘and’’ 
after the semicolon at the end; 
(B) in subparagraph (D), by striking the pe-
riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(C) by adding at the end the following new 
subparagraph: 
‘‘(E) payments for expenses incurred with 
respect to the operation of Medicare oper-ated prescription drug plans under section 1860D–11A.’’. 
(5) Section 1860D–41(a) of the Social Secu-
rity Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–151(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: 
‘‘(19) M
EDICARE OPERATED PRESCRIPTION  
DRUG PLAN .—The term ‘Medicare operated 
prescription drug plan’ has the meaning given such term in section 1860D–11A(c).’’. 
SEC. 3. IMPROVED APPEALS PROCESS UNDER 
THE MEDICARE OPERATED PRE-SCRIPTION DRUG PLAN. 
Section 1860D–4(h) of the Social Security 
Act (42 U.S.C. 1305w–104(h)) is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: 
‘‘(4) A
PPEALS PROCESS FOR MEDICARE OPER -
ATED PRESCRIPTION DRUG PLAN .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall de-
velop a well-defined process for appeals for denials of benefits under this part under the Medicare operated prescription drug plan. Such process shall be efficient, impose mini-mal administrative burdens, and ensure the timely procurement of non-formulary drugs or exemption from formulary incentives when medically necessary. Medical necessity shall be based on professional medical judg-ment, the medical condition of the bene-ficiary, and other medical evidence. Such ap-peals process shall include— 
‘‘(i) an initial review and determination 
made by the Secretary; and 
‘‘(ii) for appeals denied during the initial 
review and determination, the option of an external review and determination by an independent entity selected by the Sec-retary. 
‘‘(B) C
ONSULTATION IN DEVELOPMENT OF  
PROCESS .—In developing the appeals process 
under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall consult with consumer and patient groups, as well as other key stakeholders to ensure the goals described in subparagraph (A) are achieved.’’. 
By Mr. WYDEN (for himself and 
Mr. U DALL ): 
S. 1891. A bill to amend the Mineral 
Leasing Act to improve coal royalties, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, today, I 
am proud to stand up for fairness by in-troducing legislation with my Senate colleague, Senator T
OMUDALL of New 
Mexico, to ensure American taxpayers 
receive the full value of coal produced on public lands. 
The Coal Royalty Fairness Act would 
require the Interior Department to col-lect royalties for coal mined on Fed-eral lands based on the actual market value of coal. This bill is based on cur-rent successful practices in Montana— the Nation’s second largest Federal coal-producing State. Currently, some private mining companies sell coal to their own affiliated companies at a lower cost than market value, and pay Federal royalties based on the cheaper, first point of sale. American taxpayers are getting 
ripped off by coal companies under the current, broken coal royalties system. I raised concerns about this 2 years ago, and today, Senator U
DALL and I 
are introducing legislation to get the public every penny owed by companies that may be taking advantage of a loose system. Instead of subsidizing private coal companies, it is time to put this money back where it belongs— into rural communities and the pock-ets of taxpayers. 
Our bill will require the Interior De-
partment to collect royalties based on the actual market value of coal, not the below-market price they charge their own companies. 
Our bill will also bring some much- 
needed transparency to the Federal coal program by requiring the Interior Department to publish more informa-tion and calling for Government Ac-countability Office to review the pro-gram every 3 years. 
I urge my colleagues to join Senator 
U
DALL and me by cosponsoring and ul-
timately passing this important bill. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 1891 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Coal Roy-
alty Fairness Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. VALUATION OF COAL ROYALTIES. 
Section 7 of the Mineral Leasing Act (30 
U.S.C. 207) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking the fourth 
sentence; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) R
OYALTIES .— 
‘‘(1) D EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: 
‘‘(A) A SSESSMENT VALUE .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘assessment 
value’, with respect to Federal coal, means— 
‘‘(I) the price of Federal coal paid by the 
purchaser at final sale; or 
‘‘(II) a price imputed by the Secretary 
based on the coal price index. 
‘‘(ii) E XCLUSIONS .—The term ‘assessment 
value’ does not include, as determined and to the extent determined to be appropriate by the Secretary— 
‘‘(I) transportation costs, as determined in 
accordance with the transportation cost index; or 
‘‘(II) the cost of coal washing. ‘‘(B) B
ROKER .—The term ‘broker’ means a 
person that resells Federal coal. 
‘‘(C) C OAL PRICE INDEX .—The term ‘coal 
price index’ means the schedule of average market prices of Federal coal (in United States dollars) paid by the purchaser at final sale, based on the quality and type of the Federal coal, as determined by the Sec-retary, in consultation with the Adminis-trator of the Energy Information Adminis-tration. 
‘‘(D) P
URCHASER .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘purchaser’ 
means a person that— 
‘‘(I) purchases or contracts to purchase 
Federal coal— 
‘‘(aa) directly from a coal mine operator; 
or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY6.023 S29JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6141 July 29, 2015 
‘‘(bb) indirectly from a broker; and 
‘‘(II) uses that Federal coal in any indus-
trial or energy conversion process. 
‘‘(ii) E XCLUSION .—The term ‘purchaser’ 
does not include— 
‘‘(I) a coal broker; or ‘‘(II) any other third-party intermediary. ‘‘(E) Q
UALITY .—The term ‘quality’, with re-
spect to Federal coal, means the quality of Federal coal measured in British thermal units, sulfur, moisture, and other criteria de-termined to be appropriate by the Secretary. 
‘‘(F) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘Secretary’ 
means the Secretary of the Interior. 
‘‘(G) T RANSPORTATION COST INDEX .—The 
term ‘transportation cost index’ means the transportation cost index established under paragraph (7). 
‘‘(H) T
YPE.—The term ‘type’, with respect 
to Federal coal, means a general category of coal, such as metallurgical coal or steam coal, as determined by the Secretary. 
‘‘(2) P
AYMENT RATE .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (B), a lease shall require pay-ment of a royalty in such amount as the Sec-retary shall determine of not less than 12.5 percent of the assessment value of Federal coal, as determined under paragraph (3). 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—In lieu of the royalty 
payment rate described in subparagraph (A), the Secretary may establish such lower roy-alty payment rate as the Secretary deter-mines to be appropriate in the case of Fed-eral coal recovered by an underground min-ing operation. 
‘‘(3) V
ALUATION FOR ROYALTIES .—Not later 
than 1 year after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Secretary shall estab-lish, as the valuation for Federal coal royal-ties, the assessment value of Federal coal. 
‘‘(4) A
DMINISTRATION .— 
‘‘(A) R EPORTING .—The purchaser of Federal 
coal shall annually submit to the Secretary a report containing such information as the Secretary determines to be necessary to carry out this subsection. 
‘‘(B) A
UDITS .—To carry out this subsection, 
the Secretary may examine the records of any person engaged in the purchase, sale, transportation, or marketing of Federal coal. 
‘‘(5) C
OAL PRICE INDEX .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall 
compile the assessment values of coal by type and quality of coal in a coal price index. 
‘‘(B) P
UBLICATION .—Not less frequently 
than quarterly, the Secretary shall publish the coal price index, along with a methodo-logical description, including— 
‘‘(i) the method of calculation; 
‘‘(ii) the data used to calculate the coal 
price index in an aggregate manner that does not reveal proprietary information; and 
‘‘(iii) any other information the Secretary 
considers appropriate to ensure trans-parency. 
‘‘(C) O
THER INFORMATION .—If a person be-
lieves that the coal price index significantly deviates from the assessment value of the coal produced by the person, the person may petition the Secretary to use information supplied by the person in lieu of the coal price index, including all information the Secretary requires to accurately determine the assessment value and audit the records of the person. 
‘‘(6) E
XPORTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—In assessing royalties 
for the export of Federal coal under this sub-section, the Secretary may obtain from the exporter of the Federal coal such informa-tion as the Secretary determines to be nec-essary to carry out this subsection. 
‘‘(B) A
SSESSMENT VALUE OF EXPORTED  
COAL .—Subject to subparagraph (C), in deter-
mining the assessment value of Federal coal that is exported, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(i) use the price of coal free on board the 
marine vessel used to transport the coal overseas at the port of origin; and 
‘‘(ii) limit any deductions that apply to the 
assessment value of the Federal coal to costs incurred prior to being free onboard the ves-sel. 
‘‘(C) U
NCERTAIN EXPORT PRICE .—If the Sec-
retary cannot determine the value of ex-ported coal in accordance with subparagraph (B), the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(i) assess royalties under this subsection 
based on the coal price index for coal of a similar quantity and type; and 
‘‘(ii) limit any deductions that apply to the 
assessment value of the Federal coal to costs incurred within the contiguous United States. 
‘‘(7) T
RANSPORTATION COST INDEX .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to the other 
provisions of this paragraph, the Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of Energy and the Secretary of Transportation (in con-sultation with the Surface Transportation Board and others), shall— 
‘‘(i) compile in a transportation cost index 
the average costs of transporting coal; and 
‘‘(ii) determine the amount of any trans-
portation cost deduction under this sub-section, on the basis of the transportation cost index. 
‘‘(B) U
NIT OF MEASUREMENT .—The transpor-
tation cost index shall be based on the aver-age transportation costs per ton of coal or another unit of measurement determined by the Secretary. 
‘‘(C) D
IFFERENCES IN TRANSPORTATION  
COSTS .—The transportation cost index shall 
take into consideration differences in the costs of transportation, as determined by the Secretary, based on— 
‘‘(i) the mode of transportation; ‘‘(ii) the geographic region, and ‘‘(iii) other characteristics of the transpor-
tation industry that the Secretary considers to be necessary to calculate a fair, trans-parent, and accurate transportation cost index. 
‘‘(D) E
XCLUSIONS .—The transportation cost 
index shall not include costs associated with, as determined by the Secretary— 
‘‘(i) take-or-pay contract penalties; ‘‘(ii) liquidated damages; ‘‘(iii) the speculative aspects of transpor-
tation transactions; or 
‘‘(iv) any other costs that are not directly 
associated with moving Federal coal from 1 location to another location. 
‘‘(E) P
UBLICATION .—Not less than twice an-
nually, the Secretary shall publish the trans-portation cost index, along with a methodo-
logical description, including— 
‘‘(i) the method of calculation; ‘‘(ii) the data used to calculate the trans-
portation cost index, in an aggregate manner that does not reveal proprietary informa-tion; and 
‘‘(iii) any other information the Secretary 
considers to be appropriate to ensure trans-parency. 
‘‘(F) O
THER INFORMATION .—If a person be-
lieves that the transportation cost index sig-nificantly deviates from the transportation costs of the person, the person may petition the Secretary to use information supplied by the person (other than costs descried in sub-paragraph (D)) in lieu of the transportation cost index, including all information the Secretary requires to accurately determine cost and audit the records of the person. 
‘‘(8) R
EVIEWS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—To ensure a transparent, 
fair, and efficient administration of the Fed-eral coal program, and to ensure that citi-zens of the United States receive a fair re-turn on Federal coal, not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this sub-section and every 3 years thereafter during the 15-year period beginning on that date of 
enactment, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a re-port that describes a review of the Federal coal program, including the administration of this subsection. 
‘‘(B) C
ONSULTATION .—In conducting a re-
view under this paragraph, the Comptroller General shall consult with— 
‘‘(i) the Secretary; ‘‘(ii) the Director of the Bureau of Land 
Management; 
‘‘(iii) the Secretary of Transportation; and ‘‘(iv) the Secretary of Energy. ‘‘(C) I
NCLUSIONS .—A review under this 
paragraph shall include a review of— 
‘‘(i) the total volume of coal production 
from Federal land; 
‘‘(ii) the total volume of remaining coal re-
serves on Federal land; 
‘‘(iii) the total revenues generated from 
the Federal coal program, itemized by type of revenue, including lease bonus payments and royalties; 
‘‘(iv) market prices for coal; ‘‘(v) market prices for transportation costs 
and any other deductible costs; and 
‘‘(vi) the appropriateness of royalty rates. ‘‘(D) F
ORMAT .—The Comptroller General 
shall report information in a review under this paragraph— 
‘‘(i) in the aggregate for the United States; 
and 
‘‘(ii) categorized by State for at least the 
top 10 Federal coal-producing States, as de-termined by the Comptroller General. 
‘‘(9) A
PPLICATION .—This subsection— 
‘‘(A) applies to coal mined from Federal 
land; and 
‘‘(B) does not apply to coal mined from 
tribal land.’’. 
By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself 
and Mrs. B OXER ): 
S. 1894. A bill to provide short-term 
water supplies to drought-stricken California; to the Committee on En-ergy and Natural Resources. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I 
rise today to speak about the historic drought that is devastating California and much of the West and to introduce the California Emergency Drought Re-lief Act along with Senator B
OXER . 
The toll on some of our most vulner-
able communities is mounting. 
As of July, 2,091 wells are already dry 
or will soon run out of water. This puts more than 10,000 people in jeopardy. 
Rural and disadvantaged commu-
nities are some of the hardest hit. 
Just this month, the Washington 
Post reported that arsenic had been found in wells serving St. Anthony’s mobile home park in the Coachella Valley at twice the safe concentration. 
In Porterville, Californians are bath-
ing themselves with bottled water. 
California is also suffering a massive 
loss of agriculture production. 
A study from UC Davis estimates 
that farmers will fallow 563,000 acres in 2015, a 35 percent increase from last year when farmers fallowed 410,000 acres. 
The State’s agriculture sector stands 
to lose $1.8 billion in direct agricul-tural costs this year, on top of $1.5 bil-lion last year. 
The San Joaquin Valley is at the epi-
center of the drought, and the possible damage to our nation’s food supply is dire. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY6.029 S29JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6142 July 29, 2015 
The Valley is home to 90 percent of 
the country’s tomatoes, 74 percent of our lettuce, and 95 percent of our broc-coli. The drought’s effects on the Val-ley will extend far beyond California’s borders. 
But the devastating consequences of 
this drought aren’t limited to a single region. 
UC Davis also reports that Califor-
nia’s economy will lose an estimated $2.7 billion in 2015, along with 18,600 jobs. 
That is on top of $2.2 billion last year 
and 17,100 jobs lost. 
Effects on the environment are also 
destructive. 
Groundwater reserves in underground 
aquifers are being depleted, which is causing the surrounding land to sink. 
Delta smelt are at their lowest levels 
since surveys first began in 1959, while Chinook salmon are imperiled by warmer water in the Sacramento River. 
Saltwater from the San Francisco 
Bay threatens to contaminate fresh-water in the Delta, imperiling an en-tire ecosystem, not to mention the ill effects on drinking water supplies and farmland. 
Finally, we can’t ignore the increas-
ing threat of wildfires. Since January 1, the U.S. Forest Service reports more than 5,000 fires have burned on state and federal lands, a 10 percent increase over last year. 
Despite the high likelihood of a 
strong El Nin ˜o this year, one wet sea-
son won’t fix the problems. Experts es-timate that California needs at least three above-average precipitation years to cover the current 37 million acre-foot deficit. 
Doing nothing is simply not an op-
tion. 
In drafting the bill we’re introducing 
today, we started with the bill that unanimously passed the Senate in 2014. 
We then modified that bill, adding 
significant environmental protections and removing controversial provisions. 
We also included a range of provi-
sions to protect and restore threatened and endangered species, as well as a number of programs to support long- term infrastructure projects like de-salination, water recycling and stor-age. 
My staff and I have taken dozens of 
meetings since January. 
We have met with Congressional Re-
publicans and Democrats, environ-mental groups, water districts, and State and local officials. 
My California staff has visited water 
projects throughout the State to col-lect ideas, and my staff in Washington has consulted closely with Federal agencies to ensure the bill adheres to environmental law. 
By releasing a bill this summer, 
months before the rainy season, Con-gress and the public will have ample time to review, debate and, where nec-essary, suggest improvements. 
I expect the bill will receive a com-
mittee hearing, allowing every member of Congress and the public to weigh in. Let me briefly discuss how this bill 
will help. 
Federal policy will be most effective 
if it is aligned with the State’s goals and the State water bond. 
This means expanding Federal efforts 
to include long-term solutions such as desalination, recycling and storage. We also must look at ways to help commu-nities that are running out of water. 
To help those communities, the bill 
includes a new program to assist areas that have suffered the brunt of the drought, communities like Porterville and others in Tulare County. 
Providing emergency supplies like 
bottled water is a no-brainer, but it is a short-term fix. 
We need to look beyond this emer-
gency at ways we can shift these com-munities from vulnerable water sources like wells to more sustainable and resilient water systems. 
We also need to take a close look at 
desalination and water recycling. These are two of the most promising technologies that may offer long-term solutions. 
The bill identifies 26 desalination 
projects capable of producing more than 330,000 acre-feet of water. 
It also identifies 105 recycling 
projects with the potential to produce about 854,000 acre-feet of water. 
That is a total of 1.2 million acre-feet 
of clean water per year, enough for 2.4 million households. 
But these projects aren’t cheap. That 
is why the bill funds a loan-guarantee program and other financing mecha-nisms to help make these projects a re-ality. 
Another area we should focus on is 
storage. This drought has showed that our reservoir capacity is insufficient. 
Given the consensus that droughts 
will grow more severe, we have to in-crease how much water we can hold from wet to dry years. 
The bill positions the Federal Gov-
ernment as a partner with California to build new reservoirs and expand exist-ing reservoirs. 
Conservation and groundwater re-
charge are two more promising areas. While cities and towns are doing their part, the bill also identifies areas where the Federal, state and local gov-ernments and the ag sector can do more. 
Finally, the Federal Government can 
play a significant role in supporting re-search on promising technologies, from recapturing energy and improving membranes used in desalination to de-veloping strategies to minimize envi-ronmental effects of smart-water strat-egies. 
The bill also includes a number of 
short-term, low-cost proposals to pro-tect and assist in the recovery of fish populations, including salmon and smelt. 
This includes authorizations to im-
plement the Endangered Species Act recovery plan for salmon; trap-and- barge fish and address predator species, two ways to reduce mortality rates; create additional spawning habitat for 
endangered and threatened species; and improving how water systems are man-aged using the latest science and tech-nology. 
The bill’s short-term provisions build 
on legislation that unanimously passed the Senate in 2014, with added protec-tions for environmental and water rights and the removal of several provi-sions to address environmental con-cerns. 
The bill’s short-term provisions will 
help move water efficiently to those areas where it is most needed. 
Let me be clear—this language was 
carefully drafted to remain consistent with environmental laws, including the Endangered Species Act and the Clean Water Act, as well as all biological opinions. 
Here are some examples of how the 
short-term section works. 
First, by operating the water sys-
tems with more precision, we will be able to monitor for endangered species like the Delta Smelt and adjust pump-ing levels to avoid harming fish. By doing this, more water can be moved to the communities that need it while protecting endangered and threatened species. 
The bill also directs agencies to open 
the Cross-Channel Gates on the Sac-ramento River during times when salmon are not migrating. This would allow thousands of acre feet of water to be moved without harming fish or water quality. 
For water transfers in the Delta— 
where water sellers and buyers can help get water where it’s needed—we included many additional protections. Every transfer will be reviewed to en-sure it is consistent with environ-mental laws. The transfers, which can only occur in April and May, must in-clude only additional water pumped into the Delta on top of the regular river flow. 
Moving water more efficiently will 
help supply water to millions of Cali-fornians in urban areas, from Silicon Valley to Southern California. 
It will also increase water allocations 
for family farms in the San Joaquin Valley. More than 15,000 small farms served by the Friant Water Author-ity—with an average size of just 83 acres—would benefit. 
I have introduced many bills during 
my years in the Senate, and this may be the most difficult. 
Nevertheless, the goal has remained 
constant: a bill that can get signed 
into law that benefits all regions of the State. 
Congress worked together after Hur-
ricanes Katrina ravaged the Gulf Coast and Hurricane Sandy devastated the East Coast. 
I think we now have a bill that will 
help the West survive this historic drought. 
I look forward to a committee hear-
ing on this bill and to public input to make it even better. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JY6.055 S29JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6143 July 29, 2015 
By Mr. M CCAIN: 
S. 1895. A bill to amend the Radiation 
Exposure Compensation Act for pur-poses of making claims under such Act based on exposure to atmospheric nu-clear testing; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I am 
pleased to introduce legislation that would amend the Radiation Exposure Compensation Act, RECA, by adding Mohave County, AZ, to the list of counties eligible for downwinder com-pensation. A similar proposal was in-troduced today by Congress P
AUL 
GOSAR . I am hopeful this bill will help 
close a painful chapter for those Arizo-nans who were arguably the most af-fected by nuclear weapons testing dur-ing the Cold War. 
In 1990, Congress enacted the Radi-
ation Exposure Compensation Act to compensate victims or their survivors who suffered certain illnesses caused by fallout exposure ‘‘down wind’’ of at-mospheric nuclear weapons testing during the 1950’s and 1960’s. Among other requirements, eligibility is lim-ited to individuals who can prove their physical presence in one of several af-fected counties. Astonishingly, despite its close proximity to the Nevada Test Site, the original RECA law and its subsequent amendments never listed Mohave County proper as an affected area. I believe the people of Mohave County deserve to see righted this un-just policy which has obstructed their ability to qualify for compensation. 
I understand that several of my col-
leagues have proposed similar RECA amendments in previous years. I would hope that these various RECA pro-posals give additional consideration to an April 2005 report by the National Academy of Sciences, NAS, that as-sessed, among other things, whether additional geographic areas should be added to the RECA program. The NAS study revealed a much wider area of ra-dioactive fallout then originally identi-fied when the RECA law was first writ-ten. The report also recommended re-placing the geographic area criteria with a new science-based process for determining compensation eligibility, a method similar to what’s used in the Radiation Exposed-Veterans Com-pensation Act and the Energy Employ-ees Occupational Illness Compensation Program Act. I believe it is worthwhile for policy makers to consider the rec-ommendations of the NAS report. 
This bill is an expansion of the RECA 
program and thus I will be working with my colleagues to find funding off-sets to ensure there is no net increase in government spending if this legisla-tion were enacted. I encourage my col-leagues to support this bill. SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 234—TO AU-
THORIZE THE PRINTING OF A COLLECTION OF THE RULES OF THE COMMITTEES OF THE SEN-ATE 
Mr. BLUNT submitted the following 
resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 234 
Resolved, That a collection of the rules of 
the committees of the Senate, together with related materials, be printed as a Senate document, and that there be printed 250 addi-tional copies of such document for the use of the Committee on Rules and Administration. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 235—DESIG-
NATING SEPTEMBER 2015 AS ‘‘NATIONAL SPINAL CORD IN-JURY AWARENESS MONTH’’ 
Mr. RUBIO (for himself and Mr. N
EL-
SON) submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 235 
Whereas the estimated over 1,275,000 indi-
viduals in the United States who live with a spinal cord injury cost society billions of dollars in health care costs and lost wages; 
Whereas an estimated 100,000 of those indi-
viduals are veterans who suffered a spinal cord injury while serving as members of the United States Armed Forces; 
Whereas work-related accidents are the 
leading cause of spinal cord injuries; 
Whereas motor vehicle crashes are the sec-
ond leading cause of spinal cord injuries and traumatic brain injuries; 
Whereas 70 percent of all spinal cord inju-
ries that occur in children under the age of 18 are a result of a motor vehicle accident; 
Whereas every 48 minutes a person will be-
come paralyzed, underscoring the urgent need to develop new neuroprotection, phar-macological, and regeneration treatments to reduce, prevent, and reverse paralysis; and 
Whereas increased education and invest-
ment in research are key factors in improv-ing outcomes for victims of spinal cord inju-ries, improving the quality of life of victims, and ultimately curing paralysis: Now, there-fore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) designates September 2015 as ‘‘National 
Spinal Cord Injury Awareness Month’’; 
(2) supports the goals and ideals of Na-
tional Spinal Cord Injury Awareness Month; 
(3) continues to support research to find 
better treatments and therapies, and a cure for spinal cord injuries; 
(4) supports clinical trials for new thera-
pies that offer promise and hope to individ-uals living with paralysis; and 
(5) commends the dedication of national, 
regional, and local organizations, research-ers, doctors, volunteers, and people across the United States that are working to im-prove the quality of life of people living with spinal cord injuries and their families. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on July 29, 2015, at 9:45 a.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on July 29, 2015, at 10:30 a.m., in room SR– 253 of the Russell Senate Office Build-ing to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Wireless Broadband and the Future of Spectrum Policy.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Re-sources be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on July 29, 2015, at 10:30 a.m., in room SD–366 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON ENVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC  
WORKS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on July 29, 2015, at 10 a.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on July 29, 2015, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘The Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on July 29, 2015, at 9 a.m., in room SH–216 of the Hart Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Reauthor-izing the Higher Education Act: Com-bating Campus Sexual Assault.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on July 29, 2015, at 10 a.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON INDIAN AFFAIRS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Indian Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on July 29, 2015, in room SD–628 of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY6.031 S29JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6144 July 29, 2015 
the Dirksen Senate Office Building, at 
2:15 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the True Costs of Alcohol and Drug Abuse in Native Commu-nities.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS AND  
ENTREPRENEURSHIP  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship be authorized to meet dur-ing the session of the Senate on July 29, 2015, at 10 a.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ AFFAIRS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on July 29, 2015, at 2:30 p.m., in room SR–418 of the Russell Senate Of-fice Building, to conduct a hearing en-titled ‘‘Ending Veteran Homelessness.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON EUROPE AND REGIONAL  
SECURITY COOPERATION  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations Sub-committee on Europe and Regional Se-curity Cooperation be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on July 29, 2015, at 2 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Financial Crisis in Greece—Implications and Lessons Learned.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS  
AND CONSUMER PROTECTION  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Subcommittee on Finan-cial Institutions and Consumer Protec-tion be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on July 29, 2015, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing enti-tled ‘‘The Role of Bankruptcy Reform in Addressing Too-Big-To Fail.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON OVERSIGHT , AGENCY ACTION , 
FEDERAL RIGHTS , AND FEDERAL COURTS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, Sub-committee on Oversight, Agency Ac-tion, Federal Rights, and Federal Courts be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on July 29, 2015, at 2 p.m., in room SD–106 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to con-duct a hearing entitled ‘‘Revisiting IRS Targeting: Progress of Agency Reforms and Congressional Options.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON READINESS AND  
MANAGEMENT SUPPORT  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Sub-committee on Readiness and Manage-ment Support of the Committee on 
Armed Services be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on July 29, 2015, at 2:30 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR 
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent that Budget Committee interns Flora Lipsky and Hannah be given floor privileges for the rest of the week. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to executive session for the consideration of Executive Calendar No. 224; that the nomination be con-firmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate; that no further motions be in order; that any statements related to the nomination be printed in the R
ECORD ; that the President be imme-
diately notified of the Senate’s action, and the Senate then resume legislative session. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The nomination considered and con-
firmed is as follows: 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
The following named officer for appoint-
ment as the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and appointment to the United States Marine Corps to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of importance and re-sponsibility under title 10, U.S.C., sections 152 and 601: 
To be general 
Gen. Joseph F. Dunford, Jr. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate will now resume legislative session. 
f 
AUTHORIZING THE PRINTING OF A 
COLLECTION OF THE RULES OF THE COMMITTEES OF THE SEN-ATE 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 234, submitted earlier today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 234) to authorize the 
printing of a collection of the rules of the committees of the Senate. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be 
agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be laid upon the table with no in-tervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 234) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
NATIONAL SPINAL CORD INJURY 
AWARENESS MONTH 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 235, submitted earlier today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 235) designating Sep-
tember 2015 as ‘‘National Spinal Cord Injury Awareness Month.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be laid upon the table with no in-tervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 235) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT 
AGREEMENT—H.R. 3236 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that if the Sen-ate receives the papers for H.R. 3236, that at 1:45 p.m. on Thursday, July 30, the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of H.R. 3236; that the bill be read three times and the Senate vote on passage of the bill with no in-tervening action or debate; that there be a 60-affirmative-vote threshold for passage of the bill; and that following passage of the bill, the motion to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDERS FOR THURSDAY, JULY 30, 
2015 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Thursday, July 30; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY6.035 S29JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6145 July 29, 2015 
later in the day; that following leader 
remarks, the Senate resume consider-ation of H.R. 22, postcloture; further, that the time following leader remarks until 12 p.m. be equally divided in the usual form; finally, that all time dur-ing the adjournment of the Senate count postcloture on H.R. 22. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, if 
there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 6:28 p.m., adjourned until Thursday, July 30, 2015, at 10 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS 
Executive nominations received by 
the Senate: 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. SAMUEL D. COX 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. GINA M. GROSSO 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
VICE ADM. PAUL A. GROSKLAGS 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
RICHARD H. FILLMAN, JR. 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
DEAN R. KLENZ SYLVIA A. B. MILLER JAMES J. RICHE 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
RICHARD L. BAILEY KENNETH S. SHEDAROWICH 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
WILLIAM ANDINO ROBERT J. BLAESING FREDA W. BREDY ELESS D. BROWN FORREST E. CHASE BETTY J. DEMUS ELIZABETH A. ENGLISH RUSSELL A. FREEMAN ROSEANN E. GROB JEFFREY E. HAFNER SANDRA I. HERSH THOMAS S. HYSLIP NATHAN G. LEWANDOSKI LARRY J. LUEDEMAN MARY M. MEADE 
BRADLEY C. NINDL MICHAEL J. PRESCOTT JAMES R. ROBERTSON CINDY M. SALADIN MUHAMMAD JANE F. SCHILLACI CHRISTOPHER P. WILLARD 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
DAVID B. ANDERSON MATTHEW J. BARRY STEVEN E. BATTLE STEVEN J. BAUER GLORIA Y. BROWNE CHRISTINA CAWLEY SHEMROCK O. CORDOVA IVONNE M. DALY GUZMAN TIMOTHY J. DICKASON S. FOLLEY DUNNA FRANK P. FAUSTUS MICHAEL Q. FITE ALEXANDER G. GARZA BRIAN L. GLADWELL TODD G. GOTTSCHALK DAVID M. GOURLAY LYLE B. HAM GERALD D. HAUTMAN VICTOR R. HERNANDEZPILLICH FOSTER C. KORDISCH III DUANE LUKE DEBORAH S. LYON ROBERT F. MARINO MATTHEW L. MASTERSON PETER MAZOLEWSKI CRAIG C. MCFARLAND CECILIA P. MIKITA JAMES E. MILLER TERRY L. MILLS WILLIAM D. MURRELL RICHARD A. NAHOURAII PAZ C. NUANEZ BIDEMI Y. OLANIYILEYIMU WILLIAM H. PAULL CLAUDE C. PERKINS MARK D. PORTER LUIS J. RAMOS SANTIAGO ALAN L. RIVERA LAWRENCE M. ROBERMAN NORMAN A. SABIO DON J. SARMIENTO RICHARD A. SCHEURING FRANK L. SCHMID RAFAEL G. SEMIDEI DOUGLAS G. SMITH ANN M. STRAIGHT CARL W. THURMOND 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
JERRY G. BAUMGARTNER JOSE E. COLON CARLOS J. MIRO JOSEPH ROSENWALD MAURI M. THOMAS 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
ELIZABETH A. ANDERSON MICHELLE M. BEACH SCOTT L. BORCHARDT JAMIE P. CHERRY KATHLEEN A. CLARY ONDINE CRABTREE LACONNIA Y. DANDY ZANDRA M. DAY RANDY A. ESTES LINDA S. FISHER ANGELA S. GARNER ALEXANDER GILSON SHARON A. GREENAWAY OK S. HODGES WILLIAM R. KOGL TERESA M. LONG ALEXIOS A. LOUKAS JOHN M. RINEHART CARLISS L. TOWNS KAREN H. WILLIAMS RONALD D. WOODARD MARGARET L. YOUNG 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
TONIA M. CROWLEY CHRISTOPHER FOWLER CLIFFORD D. GEHRKE JAMES R. HILL DONALD B. JONES ERIK J. KIRCHEN BONNIE S. LOWE DOUGLAS R. MEDD ROBERTO J. NOGUERAS DENNIS J. RATLIFF PEDER SWANSON CHERYL M. K. ZEISE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
JENNIFER M. AHRENS DEIDRE M. ANDERSON JERALD N. CHESTER BRENDA L. HAVELKA GERALD D. HOLLEGER TODD W. TRAVER 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY DENTAL CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
RAMIE K. BARFUSS DAVID A. BELTRAN JOHN F. DECKER WALTER G. DIMALANTA WILLIAM A. GILBERT KEVIN R. GILLESPIE JEFFERY B. HAMBRICE JOSEPH W. IVORY HARRY J. JACKSON HWAHOON JEONG ANITA M. KIMBROUGH JOSEPH R. LOWE EDWARD W. LUMPKINS DAVID R. MAXWELL AMANDA R. NELSON JOEL M. NICHOLS NATHAN C. PARRISH RACHELLE A. RETOMA CHRISTOPHER L. ROWE CURTIS D. SCHMIDT BRIAN W. STANCOVEN MICHAEL J. STEWART RUSSELL D. TAYLOR DENTONIO WORRELL 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
DAVID J. ADAM BRIAN L. ADAMS ERIC P. AHNFELDT MICHAEL V. ARNETT FARHAN S. AYUBI BRIAN C. BELDOWICZ BROCK A. BENEDICT PAMELA BLAND JOHN H. BODEN ANTHONY C. BONFIGLIO EDWARD E. BRIDGES II SAMUEL E. BURKETT TRAVIS C. BURNS CRAIG M. BUSH ROBERT W. BYRNE MICHAEL S. CAHILL BRIAN J. CARR LAUDINO M. CASTILLOROJAS MATTHEW S. CHAMBERS MARCUS H. COLYER ROBERT J. S. CORNFELD MARK S. CRAIG STEVEN H. CRAIG KEVIN L. CUMMINGS LAURENCE DAVIDSON RACHEL S. DAWSON MATTHEW L. DRAKE DOUGLAS M. DUDEWICZ MATTHEW J. ECKERT EDUARDO ESCOBAR MASSIMO D. FEDERICO DORI M. FRANCO MATTHEW D. GIVENS CHRISTINE M. GOULD YOLANDA N. GRAYDAVIS ARTHUR F. GUERRERO JORDAN M. HALL NATHAN E. HARTVIGSEN JODY N. HEFNER CHRISTOPHER C. HIGGINS HEATHER L. HIGGINS MICAH HILL THOMAS N. HOFFMANN LUKE J. HOFMANN JOHN D. HORTON JAMES T. T. HSU STEVEN J. HUDAK KATHRYN JOHNSON OWEN N. JOHNSON NATHAN D. JONES ANDREW KAGEL ESTHER KIM YOUNG W. KIM MEGAN K. KLOETZEL NICHOLAS J. LANGE RYAN J. LARSON DAVID S. LIDWELL JEFFREY R. LIMJUCO NICK M. LY ANDREW W. MACK EDWARD W. MALIN IV ERIK S. MANNINEN BRIAN P. MARKELZ JOSEPH W. MAY ALEX J. MCKINLAY DANIEL F. MCLAUGHLIN MARIA M. MOLINA PATRICK D. MUNSON 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G29JY6.090 S29JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6146 July 29, 2015 
KUWONG B. MWAMUKONDA 
DARIUSZ G. MYDLARZ DAYNE M. NELSON BURTON T. NEWMAN PHU T. NGUYEN VU Q. NGUYEN ANTHONY A. D. NOYA NKEMAKONAM OKPOKWASILI PAULA S. OLIVER JOSHUA C. PACKARD BENJAMIN N. PALMER 
JOSEPH R. PARK CARL R. PAVEL MICHAEL D. PERREAULT JASON T. PERRY JAMES D. PHILLIPS BRIAN L. PIENKOS SAMUEL L. PRESTON III LISA K. PRINCE JEREMY T. REED AMANDA B. REEDMALDONADO SEAN C. REILLY AMBER E. RITENOUR JOSHUA S. RITENOUR ROMAN D. ROSARIO ANNE T. SALADYGA JASON E. SAPP RHIANA D. SAUNDERS SEBASTIAN R. SCHNELLBACHER DAVID C. SEMERAD II ANDREW SENCHAK DANIEL C. SESSIONS JEFFREY E. SHERWOOD JARETT T. SKINNER BENJAMIN H. SMITH GEORGE J. SMOLINSKI III VANCE Y. SOHN BRONWYN R. STALL THEODORE R. STEFANI JUSTINE E. TRIPP CHRISTOPHER J. TUCKER EVELYN R. VENTO AMY E. VERTREES MAURA WATSON THOMAS A. WEBSTER JENNIFER A. WHERLEY SCOTT A. WHITWORTH SCOTT G. WILLIAMS DAVID A. WONDERLICH YANG XIA 
VICTOR Y. YU 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
APRIL CRITELLI PETER W. HUNT EDWARD A. JOHNSON THERESA A. MELTZ VON L. MILLER SCOTT E. SALLAWAY GREGG A. VIGEANT 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
THOMAS F. CALDWELL VALPERSIA D. GAINERSHASUGLUW DAN C. GODBEE SCOTT M. HOVIS JOHN M. MADDOX MICHAEL PIESMAN LAURIE A. SPRAGA JAMES G. WAKEFIELD BRONSON B. WHITE 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
CAROL L. COPPOCK REBECCA L. GIESE MARIE N. WRIGHT 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
NORMAN S. CHUN FRANK A. DEQUATTRO HARRY W. HATCH 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: To be colonel 
LAVETTA L. BENNETT 
TIMOTHY J. DECKERT ERIC E. GAMES MICHAEL P. HANNON ROBERT G. HILL III THOMAS S. IVESTER JEFFREY B. LOUGHLIN ZOE M. OLLINGER PATRICK J. SHANNON RICHARD L. STITZER, JR. CRAIG W. STRONG 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS 
Executive nominations confirmed by 
the Senate July 29, 2015: 
FEDERAL MEDIATION AND CONCILIATION  
SERVICES  
ALLISON BECK, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, TO BE 
FEDERAL MEDIATION AND CONCILIATION DIRECTOR. 
DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE  
JEFFREY MICHAEL PRIETO, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE 
GENERAL COUNSEL OF THE DEPARTMENT OF AGRI-CULTURE. 
GENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION  
CAROL FORTINE OCHOA, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE INSPEC-
TOR GENERAL, GENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION. 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
AS THE CHAIRMAN OF THE JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF AND APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSI-TION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 152 AND 601: 
To be general 
GEN. JOSEPH F. DUNFORD, JR. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A29JY6.007 S29JYPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1155 July 29, 2015 
ENFORCE THE LAW FOR 
SANCTUARY CITIES ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Thursday, July 23, 2015 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong oppo-
sition to H.R. 3009, the Enforce the Law for Sanctuary Cities Act. 
The murder of Kathryn Steinle in San Fran-
cisco was a senseless tragedy. My heart con-tinues to go out to her family and friends at this difficult time. 
As a nation, we cannot base complex policy 
decisions regarding the intersection of our fed-eral immigration system and local law enforce-ment on a single tragic event. 
Sanctuary Cities exist because municipali-
ties across the country recognized that they had to act to keep families together as Con-gressional Republican leadership refused to move forward on bipartisan comprehensive immigration reform. 
These are some of the most populous cities 
in the country—New York, Los Angeles, Chi-cago, Houston—and the list goes on. 
Our local law enforcement agencies are not 
trained immigration agents, nor should they be. 
This conversation comes at a time in this 
country when many local law enforcement agencies are facing a crisis of trust with the communities they are sworn to protect and serve. 
To threaten their federal funding based on 
local decisions about how best to serve their communities, as H.R. 3009, would do, is not only misguided but dangerous. 
Instead, my colleagues should be working to 
pass bipartisan legislation to fix our broken im-migration system and address these long-standing issues in a comprehensive and thoughtful way. 
f 
SAWTOOTH NATIONAL RECRE-
ATION AREA AND JERRY PEAK WILDERNESS ADDITIONS ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. MICHAEL K. SIMPSON 
OF IDAHO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Monday, July 27, 2015 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Speaker, I would also 
like to recognize one of America’s greatest conservation writers, Rocky Barker of the Idaho Statesman. Rocky has provided unpar-alleled depth and insight to the readers of Idaho and the United States throughout the 15 years I have been working on CIEDRA and SNRA+. He has hiked throughout these moun-tains and understands every nuance and as-pect of the area and this bill. I want to thank him for covering this story fairly and accurately all of these years. I also want to thank former Blaine County Commissioner Tom Bowman 
for all of the great help he has provided. Thank you, Mr. Speaker. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE NORTHERN 
ILLINOIS UNIVERSITY SUPER-MILEAGE TEAM 
HON. ADAM KINZINGER 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to congratulate the Northern Illinois University Supermileage team on their recent success at the 36th Annual SAE Supermile-age Competition in Marshall, Michigan. 
Over the course of two days in June, engi-
neering and technology students from around the world completed the challenge of design-ing and constructing a single-person, fuel-effi-cient vehicle. The Northern Illinois vehicle, called the Huskie Rocket, was able to reach a fuel efficiency of 1,057 miles per gallon, plac-ing the Northern Illinois Supermileage team third in the world, and second in the United States. 
Since 2010, the NIU Supermileage team, 
led by faculty advisor Dr. David Schroeder, has consistently placed in the top ten at the annual SAE Supermileage Competition. This year’s impressive showing included the hard work of ten NIU students, including Supermile-age team captain Lindsey Dodis, Kevin Kuebrich, Christian McAdoo, Kyle McNamara, Russell Fordyce, Andrew Hagel, Adam Detrick, Aaron McKeown, Tom Swanberg, and Saajan Patel. All the students, faculty, and staff that contributed to the success of the Supermileage team and their Huskie Rocket should be commended for their hard work and dedication to applying what they have learned from the NIU College of Engineering and Engi-neering Technology at the Supermileage Com-petition. 
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the 16th District of 
Illinois, I wish to express our sincere congratu-lations for the hard work of the Northern Illi-nois University Supermileage team. I look for-ward to seeing what these bright and dedi-cated students accomplish in the future. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THE ALEX 
THEATRE’S 90TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the Alex Theatre upon its 90th anniver-sary. 
The Alex Theatre has been a cornerstone of 
the Glendale community since its establish-ment in 1925. In its early years, the Alex The-atre was home to Vaudeville theatrics and si-lent films. For the next 60 years, the Alex The-
atre previewed first-run films, ranging from 1937’s Saratoga to 1977’s Star Wars, solidi-fying its continuing identity as the epicenter of Hollywood glamour. 
Originally designed by architects Charles R. 
Selkirk and Arthur G. Lindley, the theatre fac¸ade was remodeled in 1940 by S. Charles 
Lee—a remodel that included the extraor-dinary 100-foot Art Deco tower. 
The Alex Theatre continued hosting Holly-
wood premieres until the 1980s, at which point the theatre began to fall into disrepair. In 1991, however, the Glendale Redevelopment Agency restored the Alex Theatre to its former glory, investing over $6 million. 
The renovated theatre opened on New 
Year’s Eve in 1993 to serve as a community arts theatre and civic center. Owned by the City of Glendale and operated by Glendale Arts, the Alex Theatre was placed on the Na-tional Register of Historic Places in 1996. 
Since its redesign in the 1990s, the Alex 
Theatre has retained its identity as a center for arts, but has increased its functions. An-other expansion project began in July 2013 and was completed in June 2014. This $5.2 million renovation added 6,600 square feet to the backstage area. 
The Alex Theatre is currently home to four 
companies: the Los Angeles Ballet Company, the Alex Film Society, the Glendale Youth Or-chestra, and the Los Angeles Chamber Or-chestra. In addition to hosting these compa-nies, the Alex Theatre also hosts dance, com-edy, theatre, music, and special events to serve more than 100,000 people who pass through its doors annually. To attest to the theatre’s versatility, I had the great pleasure of hosting the 21st State Senate Arts Competi-tion at the Alex Theatre in the late 1990s and early 2000s. 
The Alex Theatre is destined to continue its 
impressive legacy as a local and national landmark. I am honored to recognize the Alex Theatre for its great cultural value to the com-munity, and ask all members to join me in congratulating the Alex Theatre upon its 90th anniversary. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE 60TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE TEVIS CUP RIDE 
HON. TOM McCLINTOCK 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to celebrate the 60th Anniversary of the Tevis Cup Ride of the Western States Trail. 
The Western States Trail Foundation hosts 
the Ride with the aim of preserving the trail. Throughout its long history, the trail has been used by Native Americans, emigrants, gold and silver miners, and sportsmen alike. 
The Tevis Cup is the oldest modern-day en-
durance ride, covering one hundred miles in one day. Riders begin in Robie Park, east of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:33 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K29JY8.009 E29JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1156 July 29, 2015 
Squaw Valley, and have twenty-four hours to 
make their way to the end of the rugged trail in Auburn, California. The 60th annual ride will take place on August 1, 2015. 
Thousands of horseback riders from around 
the world participate in the Tevis Cup. The event brings together a vast community of vol-unteers dedicated to keeping the Western States Trail open to the public. Volunteers spend innumerable hours and significant finan-cial resources to make this equestrian endur-ance ride a success year after year. 
Mr. Speaker, the Western States Trail Foun-
dation and the Tevis Cup Ride have made an important contribution to both the local econ-omy and the preservation of this rugged Sierra trail. I thank the Western States Trail Founda-tion for hosting the Tevis Cup Ride, particu-larly on the event’s 60th Anniversary, and I commend the Foundation for its continuing ef-forts to ensure the trail remains a monument to public access and enjoyment of our nation’s abundant natural resources. 
f 
REMEMBERING LEONORA TERESA 
BROWNE WELCH 
HON. EARL L. ‘‘BUDDY’’ CARTER 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today in remembrance of Leonora Teresa Browne Welch who passed away peacefully on Tuesday, July 28, 2015. 
Mrs. Welch was born in Savannah, Georgia 
on June 23, 1928 and was the only child of Josephine Mollo and Palmer Carr Browne. She had many fond memories of her child-hood with Italian family members on her moth-er’s side, and growing up on her father’s dairy farm, Kensington Dairy, which comprised the land known today as Kensington Park and Fairway Oaks. 
Mrs. Welch attended Cathedral Day School 
and St. Vincent’s Academy where she was Valedictorian of her graduating class in 1946. She went on to study journalism at Armstrong College and worked at Citizens and Southern Bank. 
In 1952, Mrs. Welch married O.C. Welch, 
Jr., a Savannah native and engineer for the Seaboard Coastline Railroad, and by 1963 she was a busy mother to her eight children. She was affectionately called ‘‘Noni’’ by her husband and later by her many grandchildren. The Welches were married for 43 years until Mr. Welch’s death in 1996. 
Mrs. Welch was a devout Catholic through-
out her life, and the Welch family were com-municants of St. James Catholic Church where their children attended school before going on to attend St. Vincent’s Academy and Benedictine Military School. 
As her children began to leave the house, 
Mrs. Welch found more time to avail herself to volunteer for several community organizations including Goodwill, but was especially dedi-cated to her work in the Diocese of Savannah and St. James offices. She also enjoyed a close circle of friends known as The BOF’s— or Best of Friends—who met monthly for luncheons around Savannah. She was also active in the Daughters of Ireland. 
Mrs. Welch was a shining example of God’s 
unconditional love, and was a loving and proud mother and grandmother. She is sur-
vived by her daughters Celeste Welch Crago and Julie Welch Cirincioni; and her sons Mi-chael Warren Welch (Aino), O.C. Welch III, Daniel Kevin Welch, Brian Christopher Welch (Tiffany), Douglas Gerald Welch (Marcy), and Joseph Thomas Welch (Charlotte); 20 grand-children and 2 great-grandchildren. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE NATURAL 
GAS ENVIRONMENTAL AND ECO-NOMIC SECURITY ACT 
HON. ALAN S. LOWENTHAL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, today I am 
introducing the Natural Gas Environmental and Economic Security Act with a number of my colleagues, including the Ranking Member of the House Natural Resources Committee R
AU´LGRIJALVA , to reduce the frivolous and 
unnecessary waste of natural gas from public lands. Large volumes of natural gas are regu-larly flared, vented, or simply leak from Fed-eral oil and gas leases—in 2013 alone, the amount of lost gas could meet the heating and cooking needs of 1.6 million American homes according to the Environmental Defense Fund. To make matters worse, the Center for Amer-ican Progress and The Wilderness Society showed that the amount of gas lost to venting and flaring doubled between 2008 and 2013, with no sign of the trend slowing. In addition, this wasted gas is not subject to royalties, costing the American taxpayers as much as $58 million annually in lost revenue according to the Government Accountability Office. 
Beyond being economically wasteful, these 
processes are bad for human health and the environment. Gas released to the atmosphere from venting and leaks contributes dramati-cally to climate change, since methane, the major component of natural gas, has 25 times the warming impact of carbon dioxide over 100 years. In 2013 alone, the Environmental Defense Fund estimated that the volume of methane released to the atmosphere was equivalent to the emissions from 5.6 million cars. Venting, flaring, and leaks all affect local air quality as well by releasing volatile organic compounds, nitrogen oxides, and particulate matter into the atmosphere. These environ-mental costs undercut the potential benefits of natural gas as a lower-carbon, cleaner burning fuel alternative to coal. 
Local regulations have already dem-
onstrated that the best way to curb venting, flaring, and fugitive releases is to both enact strong regulations and incentivize gas capture by collecting royalties on lost gas, and our bill, the Natural Gas Environmental and Economic Security Act takes this two-pronged approach. To address royalties, the bill amends the Min-eral Leasing Act and the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act to require royalties on all gas produced from new leases, including gas used on the lease to power equipment. Gas lost in acute emergency situations would remain ex-empt from royalties to ensure that safety is not compromised. 
The bill would also require that 99 percent 
of all gas produced each year from Federal leases be captured within 5 years. It also pro-hibits venting and limits routine flaring. To reach the 99 percent goal, the bill establishes 
equipment and operation standards, manda-tory leak detection and repair procedures, and recordkeeping requirements; it also institutes new reporting requirements for all gas pro-duced, disposed, or leaked on a lease and re-quires public disclosure of the data. Market- appropriate enforcement mechanisms for non- compliance, as well as guidelines for applying such measures, are also established. 
This bill is a win-win for the American tax-
payer, providing both environmental and eco-nomic benefits, while also promoting the growth of the domestic methane mitigation in-dustry, which is creating high-paying jobs through small businesses across the nation. Further, many of these gains come at minimal or no cost to producers, since many mitigation technologies pay for themselves once the cap-tured gas is marketed. 
The Natural Gas Environmental and Eco-
nomic Security Act stops the waste of valuable taxpayer resources, protects the environment and public heath, and boosts the economy. I ask that my colleagues support this common-sense legislation and rein in the waste of nat-ural gas from our public lands. 
f 
HONORING THE DEDICATED 
SERVICE OF DOROTHEA M CBRIDE 
HON. MARTHA ROBY 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday July 29, 2015 
Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Dorothea McBride who is retiring from the Department of Veterans Affairs after 27 years of dedicated service. A Registered Nurse, a Veteran, and Patient Administrator at Central Alabama Veterans Healthcare System, her tireless work has been instrumental in helping the veterans of Central Alabama. 
Under particularly challenging cir-
cumstances, Dorothea has provided critical health care to many of our nation’s most dedi-cated servants. Whether responding to vet-erans directly or working with my office on Congressional inquiries, she has dem-onstrated an exceptional level of profes-sionalism and patriotism, literally saving lives. 
Dorothea McBride cares deeply for the vet-
erans in her care. She never failed to respond diligently and with compassion and courtesy when asked for help. Along with my staff, I want to wish her all the best in the next chap-ter of her life. We will never forget her service. 
f 
CONGRATULATING GIL MILLER ON 
HIS RETIREMENT FROM THE UNITED STATES NAVY 
HON. KAY GRANGER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
congratulate Captain Gil Miller on his retire-ment from the United States Navy and to thank him for his many years of dedicated service. 
Captain Miller is a Naval Academy graduate 
who has devoted 25 years of his life to serving our country. For the last two years he has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:33 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K29JY8.004 E29JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1157 July 29, 2015 
done an outstanding job as commander of 
Naval Air Station Fort Worth Joint Reserve Base in Tarrant County, Texas. He has served our country well while also making significant contributions to the communities around the base. 
Earlier in his career, Captain Miller flew SH– 
2 and SH–60 helicopters based on ships in the Eastern Pacific, Central America, and Car-ibbean. He also flew fleet airlift missions in the Beechcraft C–12 and the C–130T Hercules transport for three tours, and deployed on re-lief missions for the Pakistani earthquake and Hurricanes Katrina and Rita. 
Captain Miller served two tours in the Pen-
tagon as Executive Assistant to the Deputy Di-rector and as principal briefer to the Undersec-retary of Defense for all Reserve and National Guard mobilizations, deployment orders, and global force management. 
While Captain Miller has served our country 
he has been blessed with the support of his wife, Cheryl. 
I offer my heartfelt thanks and congratula-
tions to Captain Miller for his outstanding ca-reer in the Navy and wish him the best in his retirement. 
f 
CONGRATULATING JOHN S. 
LIZAMA ON HIS PROMOTION TO BRIGADIER GENERAL IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE 
HON. MADELEINE Z. BORDALLO 
OF GUAM  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize Johnny S. Lizama of the village of Santa Rita on his promotion to the rank of Brigadier General of the Guam Air National Guard. Brigadier General Lizama is the Direc-tor of Staff for Air, Joint Forces Headquarters, Guam National Guard. He was appointed to serve as the Assistant Adjutant General-Air Force by Governor Eddie Baza Calvo. 
Brigadier General Lizama began his military 
career in June 1977 after enlisting in the United States Coast Guard. In December 1982, he enlisted in the Air Force and re-ported to Eglin Air Force Base as a Direct Duty Assignment Interior Electrician with the 3202nd Civil Engineering Squadron. He later served as a Manpower Management Techni-cian with Detachment 6, 3904th Management Squadron at Beale Air Force Base, California, during his last two years of active duty serv-ice. In 1988, Brigadier General Lizama sepa-rated from the Air Force and returned to Guam, where he joined the Guam Air National Guard and served as the 254th Services Flight Superintendent until 1992. 
In 1992, Brigadier General Lizama was 
commissioned in the Guam Air National Guard as Personnel Programs Officer for the 254th Air Base Group and later as Director of Per-sonnel for the Active Guard Reserve. As Di-rector of Personnel, he administered a range of personnel programs to include procurement, professional development, recruitment and re-tention programs, and support for contingency operations, among other major responsibilities. 
From 2002 to 2006, Brigadier General 
Lizama was the comptroller for the 254th Air Base Group with oversight of $2.1M in appro-priated funds, whose financial management expertise was instrumental in the planning and 
standup of the 254th Security Forces Squad-ron. As commander of the 254th Air Base Group from August 2007 to September 2013, he was responsible for the command and con-trol of Guam Air National Guard’s units and activities and their maximum readiness capa-bilities. 
Brigadier General Lizama is a 1977 alum-
nus of Father Duenas Memorial High School in Tai, Guam. He received a Bachelors degree in Management from the University of Guam and Masters degrees in Public Administration and Human Resources from Golden Gate Uni-versity. Additionally, Brigadier General Lizama enrolled and successful completed Air War College. 
I extend my congratulations to Johnny S. 
Lizama on his promotion to Brigadier General, and I join the people of Guam in commending him for his service to our nation and island. Brigadier General Lizama’s promotion marks an important milestone in the history of the Guam National Guard. Finding qualified offi-cers to serve in Assistant Adjutant General po-sitions ensures that the vision and intent of the Guard Empowerment Act is being fulfilled on Guam. This will provide greater professional development for well qualified officers in the Guam National Guard. 
Moreover, this is a historic occasion for our 
island as Brigadier General Lizama is the first Chamorro Airman to be promoted and feder-ally recognized at the rank of brigadier general in the Guam Air National Guard and the United States Air Force. I also extend my con-gratulations to his wife, Dee, and their four children, Keith and his wife Paul Jean, Kim-berly and her husband Jonathan, Brother Cody, OFM Cap., and Rico as well as to his two grandchildren, Taehlyn-Jean and Urijah John. I wish him the best on this important achievement. 
f 
MEMORIAL TRIBUTE TO ABDO 
YOUSSEF SAAB 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor 
the memory of Abdo Youssef Saab of Los An-geles, California, a man of integrity and an outstanding community leader, who passed away on July 23, 2015. 
Abdo was born in Hammana, Lebanon on 
August 15, 1945. He was educated in Jesuit schools in Lebanon, studied in France and re-ceived his Civil Engineering degree. Abdo came to Los Angeles in the early 1970’s, where he met Lourdes, a community liaison for the Los Angeles Mayor’s Office; they fell in love and married. They lived and raised their two daughters, Liane and Jessica in La Can˜ada Flintridge before moving to Los Ange-
les. 
Mr. Saab began a long and remarkable ca-
reer as a businessman, ascending quickly to the position of Vice President of Downtown L.A. Motors. He then began several busi-nesses, including a travel agency and a con-sulting firm. Abdo was also active in the local law enforcement and political communities. 
A charismatic man, Abdo’s presence was 
felt wherever he went. He loved to make peo-ple laugh, and his good sense of humor made 
a positive lasting impression on everyone he met. Valuing integrity in work, politics and life, Mr. Saab treated everyone equally with re-spect and as a friend, and cared deeply about civil liberties and justice. He enjoyed helping people and was a dependable friend in hard times. Deeply patriotic, Abdo loved Lebanon, his country of origin, and America, his adopted home. 
A devoted family man, Abdo is survived by 
his loving wife Lourdes, daughters Liane and Jessica Saab, brother George and sisters Georgette, Layla, Aida and May. 
Abdo was an irreplaceable part of our com-
munity and he will be sorely missed by his family and friends and all those whose lives he touched. A trusted friend and a man of im-peccable character, I ask all Members to join me in remembering Abdo Youssef Saab. 
f 
HONORING PRINCIPAL JAMES 
CONDON FOR THE 2015 INDIANA PRINCIPAL OF THE YEAR 
HON. JACKIE WALORSKI 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to recognize Principal James Condon of Plym-outh High School for being named the 2015 Principal of the Year. His success in fostering an exceptional learning environment for stu-dents in Plymouth is nothing short of remark-able. 
Every year, the National Association of Sec-
ondary School Principals recognizes out-standing middle school and high school prin-cipals who have succeeded in providing high- quality learning opportunities for students. Re-cipients are chosen based on their perform-ance in four categories, which include per-sonal excellence, collaborative leadership, cur-riculum and personalization. Among other re-quirements, an award winner must model val-ues, beliefs and attitudes that encourage oth-ers to higher levels of performance; create a culture of collaboration; ensure that each stu-dent has the best possible opportunity of real-izing success; and create a school climate that is warm, inviting, safe and secure. Every one of us depends on our teachers, and because of that, they deserve our support and appre-ciation. 
For over 20 years, Principal Condon has 
been contributing to the betterment of Indiana education. Since he became the principal of Plymouth High School in 2007, the school has been rated as one of the top high schools in Indiana and has received an ‘‘A’’ from the state in school accountability. As an added ac-complishment, the school has achieved an 86 percent graduation rate, exceeding the Indiana state average by nearly 10 percent. These re-markable achievements have been duly-recog-nized and rewarded. Before receiving Principal of the Year, he was named the top high school principal in Indiana’s second district, which includes Elkhart, St. Joseph, Starke, Marshall, Pulaski, Fulton, LaPorte and Kos-ciusko counties. Because of leaders like him, Hoosier classrooms are filled with future doc-tors, scientists and entrepreneurs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:33 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K29JY8.008 E29JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1158 July 29, 2015 
Principal Condon’s efforts have been instru-
mental in advancing Indiana’s education sys-tem. His leadership has led to the develop-ment of digital and project-based learning, cre-ation of dual credit courses and preparation of students for the job market. As a result, Plym-outh High School now offers 35 dual credit courses and has achieved one of Indiana’s highest pass percentages on AP classes. The school recently opened a state-of-the-art Ad-vanced Manufacturing Training Center that serves students during the day and adults in the evening. Contributions like these would not be possible without the effort of passionate educators like Principal Condon. Quite simply, his work is bettering the lives of Hoosiers. 
I want to take this opportunity to once again 
thank Principal Condon for helping students in Plymouth develop their talents and become our future leaders. On behalf of myself and my fellow Hoosiers, I congratulate him on receiv-ing this prestigious award. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 50TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF LUEN THAI GROUP 
HON. GREGORIO KILILI CAMACHO 
SABLAN 
OF THE NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, today I ask you 
to join me in celebrating a fifty-year story of success that spans not just the Northern Mar-iana Islands or the mid-Pacific region, but three continents and several oceans. The Luen Thai Group of companies was founded by Dr. Tan Siu Lin in Hong Kong in Sep-tember 1965, expanded to the Northern Mar-iana Islands and Guam in the 1970s, and now provides many important services to our com-munity through its many local, regional, and international affiliates. 
The Luen Thai Group is among the most 
successful apparel and accessories supply chain service providers in the world. The ap-parel business is listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and produced 175 million units of garments, bags and shoes last year. 
The company has invested heavily in the 
tourism industry in our region and continues to drive the expansion of tourism today. Luen Thai affiliate Century Travel and Tours is re-sponsible for bringing thousands of visitors to our islands and for providing for their enjoy-ment during their stay with professional, qual-ity services in air and ground passenger trans-portation. 
Luen Thai Fishing Venture is a ‘‘one-stop’’ 
seafood provider, offering a full range of sup-ply chain services from fleet operation, base operation, and processing in the central and western Pacific regions, to marketing and sales in Japan, the United States and China. 
Luen Thai is also a provider of third party lo-
gistics as well as air and sea freight for-warding. The synergy created by these three areas of activity not only supports Luen Thai’s own growth, but also helps connect the many small islands scattered over our vast ocean region, contributing to economic development and lifting the quality of life for those who in-habit Micronesia. And affiliate Asia Pacific Airlines’ services 
match the needs of a wide-ranging clientele. APA is a US-registered airline and a reliable air cargo service carrier in the western Pacific region. 
Luen Thai has been involved in shipping 
since its early days. Along with partners, Luen Thai set up Mariana Express Lines, Ltd. in 1997 to increase the supply of shipping serv-ices in the Micronesian region. MELL’s reliable and regular shipping services have brought business growth to Luen Thai Group as well as other enterprises in the region. 
With service stations in 12 countries across 
Asia and America, affiliate CTSI is the largest provider of logistics services in Micronesia. It also works closely with MELL and APA to pro-vide a full range of logistics and support serv-ices, including logistics consultancy and train-ing, as well as customized IT solutions which support service integration, real time informa-tion and efficient operations. CTSI strives to provide the best to its customers by fostering a corporate culture that champions quality service, and by continually investing in both personnel as well as the hardware of the com-pany. 
Affiliate POI Aviation provides a broad range 
of round-the-clock services in ground handling, passenger and cargo handling, airport oper-ation, and aircraft maintenance, to Saipan International Airport and its users. 
Affiliate Century Insurance was established 
in the 1980s as an agent for a number of multi-national non-life insurance companies to issue and underwrite policies on commercial and domestic types of insurance in Micro-nesia. It was granted a Certificate of Authority to operate as the first fully-fledged non-life in-surance company in CNMI. 
For a long time, the sheer size of Micro-
nesia has made it difficult and costly to pro-vide a quality health service to the small popu-lations scattered over its islands. Luen Thai met this challenge by investing in TakeCare, Inc. TakeCare provides medical insurance and owns FHP Health Center. One of the longest serving health service providers in the region, FHP operates twelve centers of medical care on Saipan and Guam which cover the full spectrum of wellness, both in sickness and health, from monitoring physical fitness to dis-pensing quick responses to urgent medical needs such as transfer service to major med-ical facilities overseas. 
Affiliate Saipan Tribune is a daily newspaper 
that keeps the people of Saipan informed about life on the island and world events while its web version serves as a window to the is-lands for the outside world. The Tribune is a very important part of the community fabric. 
Luen Thai also owns Cosmos Distributing 
Co. Ltd. and Dickerson & Quinn, which is a vast network in Micronesia for the distribution of a myriad of international brands. 
Tango, Inc. brings great, state-of-the art cin-
ema to the western Pacific region. Today, the company owns 17 movie screens, 30 bowling alleys, and other entertainment and dining out-lets in the region. 
Realty Management Services provides pro-
fessional management and rental services in Guam and Saipan, including for residential, commercial and industrial properties. The first- rate service and green initiatives of RMS have set benchmarks in the region. Dr. Tan Siu Lin’s values and beliefs are the 
guiding principles of the operation and devel-opment of businesses in Luen Thai. Dr. Tan believes strongly in giving back to the commu-nities where Luen Thai operates. 
In 2009, Luen Thai launched the ‘‘iServe. 
iGiveback.’’ program that incorporated all busi-ness units and their employees. The group of companies has also shown its support for edu-cational, art, cultural, as well as sport activities and programs with generous sponsorships. 
The first Tan Siu Lin Foundation was estab-
lished in Saipan in 1986, followed by others in Guam, Hong Kong, and China, to oversee and coordinate Dr. Tan’s wide-ranging charitable works in many different places. 
The history of the Luen Thai group of com-
panies is an extraordinary success story that reflects the vision and dedication of Dr. Tan and his family. The company and its affiliates bring employment, products, services, and business opportunities to the Northern Mar-iana Islands, to our entire region, and around the world. 
f 
RECOGNIZING VIC STORY JR., 2015 
FLORIDA FARMER OF THE YEAR 
HON. DANIEL WEBSTER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I am 
pleased to take this opportunity to recognize a close friend of mine whose dedication to the citrus industry has greatly impacted our Cen-tral Florida community. Mr. Vic Story Jr. of Lake Wales, Florida was recently named the 2015 Swisher Sweets/Sunbelt Expo Florida Farmer of the Year. Mr. Story oversees The Story Companies, his family-owned and oper-ated business, which includes land holdings, citrus management, citrus marketing and har-vesting for over 7,000 acres of citrus in Polk, Hardee, Highlands, and Hendry counties. 
In 1945, upon returning home from fighting 
in World War II, Mr. Story’s parents moved to Polk County, Florida and purchased 100 acres. Mr. Story, along with his brother, Terry, helped his father plant their property with an orange and grapefruit grove until all the land was planted in citrus. Mr. Story’s father, Vic Sr. grew the family’s grove into a successful enterprise after surviving the major citrus freezes in 1957–58. In 1965, they began pur-chasing other citrus groves in the area, and by 1984, they had started a harvesting company. Today Mr. Story serves as the President and Chairman of the Board of The Story Compa-nies for the family farm. He has passed on the management of the family business to his two sons, Kyle and Matt. 
This October, Mr. Story and his family will 
head to Moultrie, Georgia for the Sunbelt Ag Expo, where he will compete with nine other state winners for the Southeastern Farmer of the Year. He is most deserving of being named 2015 Florida Farmer of the Year. His leadership, dedication, and passion continue to be an inspiration to us all. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:33 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JY8.011 E29JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1159 July 29, 2015 
IN RECOGNITION OF COLONEL 
RICK HARNEY, JR. ON THE OCCA-SION OF HIS RETIREMENT FROM THE UNITED STATES ARMY 
HON. LOU BARLETTA 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor 
to recognize Colonel Rick Harney, Jr. on the occasion of his retirement from the United States Army. Throughout his 37 year career, Col. Harney has selflessly served our country and community; namely, during the time he spent as Director of the United States Army Heritage and Education Center (USAHEC) at the Carlisle Barracks, which I am honored to represent. USAHEC is a tremendous institu-tion within my congressional district charged with educating members of our Armed Forces and honoring soldiers—past and present. 
Col. Harney enlisted in the Army in August 
of 1978. In 1987, after matriculating from the United States Officer Candidate School in Fort Benning, Georgia as a Distinguished Military Graduate, he received his commission as a Field Artillery Lieutenant. He has undertaken many notable assignments, including Assistant Commandant and Chief at the United States Army Quartermaster School in Fort Lee, Vir-ginia, and Commander of the Defense Dis-tribution Center at the Anniston Army Depot in Alabama. Such roles have enabled Col. Har-ney to positively influence his colleagues, as well as the future strategic leaders of our mili-tary. 
A Magna Cum Laude graduate from Hawaii 
Pacific University with a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration, he also holds an impressive number of advanced degrees, in-cluding a Master of Business Administration from Webster University, a Master of Military Arts and Science from the United States Army Command and General Staff College, and a Master of Strategic Studies from the Air War College. In addition to his academic success, Col. Harney has received an extensive amount of awards and decorations. These in-clude the Legion of Merit, Defense Meritorious Service Medal with two Oak Leaf Clusters, Army Meritorious Service Medal with Silver Oak Leaf Cluster, Joint Service Commenda-tion Medal, Army Commendation Medal with three Oak Leaf Clusters, Joint Service Achievement Medal with two Oak Leaf Clus-ters, Army Achievement Medal with five Oak Leaf Clusters, Joint Meritorious Unit Award with Oak Leaf Cluster, Army Superior Unit Award, Master Parachutist Badge, Air Assault Badge, and Parachute Rigger Badge. Such accolades are indicative of the high caliber of his dedicated service to our nation. 
On July 7th, 2014, Col. Harney assumed 
duties as the Director of the USAHEC at the Carlisle Barracks in my congressional district. As an instructor and educator, Col. Harney has significantly improved the experiences of his fellow instructors and students. The initia-tives and programs he has implemented have shaped the lives of the future leaders of our military, and have enhanced the effectiveness of the United States Army War College. Even though he will no longer be present at USAHEC on a day-to-day basis, his legacy will inevitably carry on. 
Mr. Speaker, I am humbled to congratulate 
Col. Harney on the culmination of a distin-guished, 37 year career in the United States 
Army. I hope that he will celebrate the occa-sion in the company of his wife, Leslie, his children, Dominick, Aerin, Marc, and Ashley, and his grandchildren, Izumi, Eugene, Marc, Marvelo, Mecca, Ayrielle, and Ash’kelon. I wish him all the best in this next chapter of his life. 
f 
IN HONOR OF EMMA HARRIS 
ARMSTRONG 
HON. DAVID SCOTT 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to pay tribute to the accomplish-ments of an extraordinary woman, Mrs. Emma Harris Armstrong. Throughout her 99 years, Mrs. Armstrong has experienced important moments in history and has also continuously striven to improve the lives of her family, friends, and community. 
Mrs. Armstrong’s hardworking and inde-
pendent attitude grew out of her childhood and subsequent life experiences. Growing up as the third child of twelve siblings, she, like her siblings, helped with household chores and sharecropping, while worshipping at the Mount Olive Baptist Church and attending school. At the Brunswick Courthouse in Georgia, Emma Harris Armstrong married John ‘‘Jackie’’ Arm-strong. During their marriage, Mr. and Mrs. Armstrong traveled across the United States to accommodate Mr. Armstrong’s military ca-reer. During and after World War II, Mrs. Arm-strong resided in Sioux Falls, South Dakota. Mrs. Armstrong often passed the time playing tennis with other Army wives, eventually be-coming quite good at the sport. Through her and her husband’s travels, Mrs. Armstrong cultivated a love for travel and the beautiful sites of this country. 
Mrs. Armstrong has seen an incredible 
amount of change during her lifetime. During her life, Mrs. Armstrong has seen the dev-astating effects of the Great Depression, the desperate times of World War II, and the land-ing of the first man on the moon. Mrs. Arm-strong lived through the painful effects of dis-crimination, however, despite everything, she always approached the evils of segregation with love in her heart. Through her independ-ence and strong will, Mrs. Armstrong raised two children in the midst of these turbulent times while still finding time to be actively in-volved in her church, the community, and poli-tics. Mrs. Armstrong worked on the Senate campaigns for both Senator George McGov-ern and Senator Tim Johnson. 
On most days, Mrs. Armstrong can be found 
attending church activities, spending time with family, and devoting her time to the commu-nity. Throughout her years, Mrs. Armstrong has always treated all her family, friends, and visitors with graciousness and kindness. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the in-
credible perseverance and steadfastness of this woman. Mrs. Emma Harris Armstrong is a great lady whose love and dedication inspires numerous people around her. I ask my col-leagues to join me in venerating this distin-guished individual. HONORING SHARON P. PEARCE, 
PRESIDENT OF THE AMERICAN ASSOCIATION OF NURSE ANES-THETISTS 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor my constituent, Sharon P. Pearce, CRNA, MSN, of Lexington, North Carolina. Ms. Pearce’s term as president of the Amer-ican Association of Nurse Anesthetists (AANA) will soon come to an end. 
Throughout her presidency at the AANA, 
Ms. Pearce has been a strong advocate for patient safety and the practice of nurse anes-thesia. She has worked tirelessly to advance policies that modernize the industry and meet the unique needs of patients. Ms. Pearce has also been a vocal advocate for veterans’ ac-cess to quality healthcare. 
Ms. Pearce has served as a CRNA for more 
than 20 years and has made great contribu-tions to the healthcare system in North Caro-lina. She has demonstrated a lifelong commit-ment to professional development having re-ceived her Master of Science in Nurse Anes-thesia from the University of North Carolina at Greensboro, a Certificate in Nurse Anesthesia from Wake Forest University Baptist Medical Center, a Bachelor of Science in Nursing from the University of North Carolina at Greens-boro, and an Associate Degree in Nursing from Davidson County Community College. 
Ms. Pearce has been an active member of 
numerous AANA committees and has pre-viously served in AANA leadership positions including President-Elect, Vice President, and Region 2 Director. She has even served as President of the North Carolina Association of Nurse Anesthetists. Ms. Pearce produced the AANA Public Relations award winning video, ‘‘The Best Kept Secret in Healthcare,’’ and is nationally recognized as a distinguished speaker on anesthesia topics. 
Equally as impressive to her leadership in 
her official capacity as a CRNA has been her involvement in philanthropic endeavors. Among other charitable acts, Ms. Pearce has served on the board of directors for the Juve-nile Diabetes Research Foundation, where she started and led a ‘‘Walk to Cure Diabetes’’ that raised nearly $500,000 for research. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me today in hon-
oring Sharon P. Pearce, CRNA, MSN, for her notable career and her esteemed service as the most recent president of the American As-sociation of Nurse Anesthetists. 
f 
A SACRED TRUST: CELEBRATING 
MEDICARE’S 50TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I 
take this opportunity today to mark the 50th anniversary of Medicare and to express my strong support for the programs that provide health coverage for older Americans. 
Fifty years ago, our country made a commit-
ment to our seniors. A commitment that said 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:33 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K29JY8.014 E29JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1160 July 29, 2015 
if you worked hard and paid into the system 
you would have access to quality healthcare in retirement. To this day, Medicare continues to provide health insurance coverage for millions of Americans age 65 and older, and adults with permanent disabilities. Medicare, along with Social Security, is a sacred trust that I have consistently fought to preserve and one that we must continue to protect for the 54 million Americans enrolled in Medicare today—and those who will enroll throughout our nation’s tomorrows. 
Amended and improved throughout the 
years, Medicare has come to play a key role in providing health coverage to millions of Americans. The Social Security Amendments of 1965, established Medicaid to ensure low- income families have access to healthcare; Social Security Amendments of 1972, ex-tended Medicare eligibility to individuals under age 65 with long-term disabilities; then later the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2006, established the Medicare Advantage program and a new landmark prescription drug benefit known as Medicare Part D. 
In addition to large scale changes to the 
program, I have supported and worked on policies that address specific aspects of Medi-care to both raise the quality of life for bene-ficiaries while also saving the program money in the long run. For example, I authored legis-lation that was signed into law (PL 100–203) to provide Medicare coverage for therapeutic shoes for seniors with severe diabetic foot dis-ease. At the time, Medicare covered costly amputations—which an estimated 25,600 sen-iors received annually—but not the therapeutic shoes what would prevent the need for those amputations. The American Diabetes Associa-tion estimated that my bill would save Medi-care over $100 million in one year alone, while the affordable and available foot care would spare seniors the trauma of an amputation. 
And my work to sustain and protect the pro-
gram continues. Earlier this year I was pleased to lend my support to the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015 (PL: 114–10) which finally repealed the flawed SGR—the statutory method for determining the annual update to the Medicare physician fee schedule. Previous temporary patches to the SGR were unsustainable and unproduc-tive, leaving seniors questioning if they could visit their own doctors if the so-called patches were not extended. 
A final repeal of the SGR modernizes the 
formula for determining Medicare reimburse-ments and will help the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid transition to a new system in-tended to incentivize quality of care and over-all health improvements. This law allows sen-iors to retain access to quality healthcare, es-tablishes predictability for the doctors who treat Medicare beneficiaries, and continues to give seniors the security and confidence they need when making healthcare decisions. 
With that work successfully accomplished, 
we can and must do even more to strengthen Medicare and ensure the healthcare needs of all seniors are met, now and into the future. 
Accordingly, yesterday, I introduced the Pro-
gram of All-Inclusive Care for the Elderly (PACE) Innovation Act. My new bill, intro-duced with a group of bipartisan co-spon-sors—including the lead Democratic cospon-sor Rep. E
ARL BLUMENAUER , the Ways and 
Means Subcommittee on Health Chairman KEVIN BRADY and Ranking Member J IM 
MCDERMOTT —will allow CMS to test models 
that bring PACE’s effective care plans to more seniors as well as individuals with disabilities. 
By way of background, PACE is an effec-
tive, integrated and community-based program that works to raise quality of life of senior citi-zens, while keeping them in their homes and supporting their independence. It delivers the entire range of medical and long-term services including: medical care and prescription drug services; physical or occupational therapy; day or respite care; and medical specialties, such as dentistry, optometry, and podiatry. 
Currently, participating in a PACE program 
is limited to those aged 55 and older who meet state-specified criteria for needing a nursing home level of care (LOC). However, many populations—including younger individ-uals, people with multiple chronic conditions and disabilities, seniors who need comprehen-sive care but do not yet meet the nursing home LOC standard—could benefit from the all-inclusive nature of the PACE model. 
Having worked to bring the first PACE pro-
gram to New Jersey, St. Francis Medical Cen-ter’s Living Independently for the Elderly (LIFE) in Trenton, I’ve personally visited sen-iors who are enrolled in PACE and witnessed how this important program works to raise the quality of life of its enrollees. Today over 100 PACE programs are serving seniors through-out the country including four, soon to be five, centers in my home state of New Jersey. This bill is important to build on the success of the program and make it better, offering better comprehensive care and preserving the dignity of those most deserving of our care and atten-tion. 
To further strengthen the Medicare system 
and aid those individuals and families who are facing the reality of Alzheimer’s disease, I also recently introduced the HOPE for Alzheimer’s Act (HR 1559). My HOPE Act would provide for Medicare coverage of a care-planning ses-sion for newly diagnosed patients and their family caregivers or legal representatives. 
Mr. Speaker, my Alzheimer’s legislation will 
fill an important gap in current Medicare serv-ices. Take for example an experience of one of my constituents, Mary Gerard of Ocean New Jersey. Mary was one of the 15 million family members and friends who act as unpaid caregivers to Alzheimer’s and dementia pa-tients across the country every year. 
When her mother Helen was diagnosed with 
Alzheimer’s, Mary took charge and was there with her mother day in and day out—faithfully and lovingly—until she passed. She is a trained critical care nurse. She was equipped with knowledge and resources that many first time caregivers do not have. Yet even with a medical services background, she still strug-gled with the challenges of her new life as a caregiver. 
Alzheimer’s caregivers provide an estimated 
17 billion hours of unpaid care every year. The emotional and financial toll can be immense. Many are untrained and offered little guidance to function in their new role. Navigating the long-term care system is a daunting task and can appear overwhelming, particularly for those who have only recently received the news that a loved one has Alzheimer’s dis-ease. 
Upon receiving this diagnosis, patients and 
their families—like Mary’s—are frequently at a loss for how to effectively plan for the next stage of their lives. Passage of my legislation 
will empower individuals with much-needed in-formation to outline their future treatments and care—giving patients HOPE, and a plan for their future. 
As our population ages, it is imperative that 
we preserve and expand access to the serv-ices that enable senior citizens to live healthy and productive lives, and give seniors the se-curity and confidence they need when plan-ning for their future medical care. 
Strengthening and preserving Medicare is a 
promise that every preceding generation has made and kept. It is our duty to continue to honor the senior citizens in New Jersey and around the country who have worked hard to provide for their families and help build our communities and deliver on promises made, for—at a minimum—another 50 years to come. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 50TH BIRTH-
DAY OF MS. KERI LEE SMITH OF ROSEVILLE, CA 
HON. TOM McCLINTOCK 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to congratulate Keri Lee Smith of Roseville, CA, as she celebrates her 50th birthday today, July 29, 2015. 
A fourth generation Californian, Keri Lee is 
an active member in the community of Rose-ville. Keri graduated from CSU Chico in 1988, earning a BS in Business with a minor in Recreation Administration. She received her teaching credentials from CSU Chico in 1991. She later earned a Masters of Education from the University of LaVerne and received a G.A.T.E. certificate from UC Davis. Keri has been teaching for over a decade in the greater Roseville area, and currently teaches math and life sciences at Western Sierra Collegiate Academy in Rocklin and educates future teachers as a professor at Chapman Univer-sity. 
Agriculture has long been a part of Keri 
Lee’s life. She was born in Chico and raised on a family farm her great-grandfather began in 1918 in Clarks Valley, part of the California coastal range. Later, the farming operation moved to Butte City near the Sacramento River, where her siblings continue the enter-prise today. When she’s not teaching, Keri finds time to be an active member of the Cali-fornia Women in Agriculture. 
Keri Lee is a loving wife to her husband 
Scott and a dedicated mother to their three children: Emma, Garret, and Maddox. Keri spends much of her time shuttling the children between sports and scouts, cheering them on at ball fields, and shaping them into confident future leaders. Her role as a mother also in-cludes service as the President of the Rose-ville High School Parents Club, a Girl Scout Troop Leader, and a member of the Parent- Teacher Council. In her limited spare time, Keri enjoys to read, bake, and travel. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me in congratu-
lating Ms. Keri Lee Smith on this special day, and in wishing her a happy 50th birthday. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:33 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JY8.017 E29JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1161 July 29, 2015 
HONORING THE LIFE OF AMOS 
LYNCH 
HON. PATRICK J. TIBERI 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor and celebrate the life achievements of Amos H. Lynch, Sr. 
Amos served as a leader in civil rights, busi-
ness, and journalism in Columbus and throughout Ohio. Amos was relentless in pushing for a more equal and prosperous city, state, and country and he inspired a genera-tion to continue to improve on his vision. The City of Columbus is a better place because of Amos’ efforts and dedication. I am honored to have known him. 
When Amos graduated from Columbus 
South High School in 1943, he had already spent years writing for neighborhood papers. He would go on to establish three newspapers in Columbus: the Ohio Sentinel, the Call and Post, and the Columbus Post. As a student at The Ohio State University at the height of World War II, he was drafted into the Navy and served the next three years treating wounded members of the military in New York and Illinois. 
During his 2011 induction into the Ohio Civil 
Rights Hall of Fame, he stated ‘‘I learned early in my life that the written word is the most powerful tool for acquiring equal civil rights for all, and that newspapers were the best meth-od for getting the word out.’’ Amos tirelessly called for greater economic opportunities for African-Americans and integration in schools and housing. 
On behalf of the citizens of Ohio’s 12th 
Congressional District, I would like to recog-nize Amos for his devotion to the great state of Ohio and to all of the communities that have benefitted from his invaluable contribu-tions. 
f 
HONORING MS. SHAR KNUTSON 
HON. KEITH ELLISON 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
recognition of Shar Knutson, who on October 15th, 2015 will retire from her post as the first woman to serve as president of Minnesota AFL–CIO. Ms. Knutson has led the 300,000- member state branch of the American Federa-tion of Labor and Congress of Industrial Orga-nizations (AFL–CIO) since 2009. 
The Labor movement runs deep for Ms. 
Knutson, who was raised in a union family and worked a union job as a single parent, experi-encing firsthand the benefits of organizing for improving lives. 
Prior to her election in August 2009, Ms. 
Knutson served as president of the St. Paul Regional Labor Federation for a decade. One of her signature victories occurred in 1999, when she led a coalition of labor and commu-nity leaders to successfully oppose then-St. Paul Mayor Norm Coleman’s effort to outsource the city’s public water works to a non-union firm. Before her union work, she was a policy an-
alyst to former St. Paul Mayor Jim Scheibel, specializing in labor, health and immigration issues. She served on the Greater Twin Cities United Way board as well as the Humphrey Institute of Public Affairs Advisory Council. 
As head of the Minnesota AFL–CIO, Ms. 
Knutson helped lead the coalition that suc-cessfully raised Minnesota’s minimum wage, coordinated efforts that kept a ‘‘Right to Work’’ constitutional amendment off the ballot, and increased political participation among union members. Also under her leadership, the Min-nesota AFL–CIO successfully passed legisla-tion extending unemployment benefits for locked out workers, opened up new avenues for women and young workers to be involved in the labor movement, and built an infrastruc-ture to support affiliate unions in their orga-nizing efforts. 
I am privileged to recognize the decades of 
tireless advocacy of Ms. Shar Knutson, whose contributions to Minnesota’s workers will be felt for years to come. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO FIREFIGHTERS AT 
MOYERS CORNERS FIRE DE-PARTMENT 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Deputy Chief Frank Crispin, Deputy Chief Steve Zaferakis, Firefighter Phil Vogt, Firefighter Ryan Whitmore, and Firefighter Jer-emy Corsaro of the Moyers Corners Fire De-partment. On December 25, 2014, Moyers Corners Fire Department was alerted to a resi-dential fire in Liverpool, New York. Upon ar-rival, these five members of the Fire Depart-ment were advised that there were victims within the residence. Working collectively, these firefighters quickly rescued the two indi-viduals trapped within the residence. Without hesitation, upon removing the victims from the residence, these firefighters began emergency medical efforts on the victims, one of which was found to be in full cardiac arrest. Due to the rescue and life-saving medical efforts of these firefighters, both victims survived the in-cident, were transported to Upstate Hospital, and are recovering from their injuries. 
The bravery and heroism of Deputy Chief 
Crispin, Deputy Chief Zaferakis, Firefighter Vogt, Firefighter Whitmore, and Firefighter Corsaro displayed on Christmas Day of 2014, have earned them the 2015 Firemen’s Asso-ciation of the State of New York’s Firefighters of the Year Award. I am proud to recognize these courageous individuals for their service to Central New York and congratulate them on their receipt of the FASNY 2015 Firefighters of the Year Award. 
f 
80TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE 
SILVETTE WOMEN’S GOLF CLUB 
HON. DANIEL M. DONOVAN, JR. 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the 80th Anniversary of the Silvette Women’s Golf Club of Staten Island. Established in 1935, the Silvette Women’s 
Golf Club is the oldest women’s public golf club in the State of New York. The Silvettes started out as a group of ten women who came together to organize friendly tour-naments. After only three years, the Silvettes grew in membership as their weekly tour-naments became increasingly popular with a prize of two dollars for first and second place. 
The Silvettes continue to play in many tour-
naments as well as interclub matches with other women’s golf clubs in New York and New Jersey. However, their most important event is the annual Silvette Memorial Classic. On the first day of the Classic, the Silvettes meet in the morning on the green of the 6th hole and in a gesture of remembrance, each golfer draws the name of a deceased Silvette and plays in her memory. 
Throughout their history, the Silvettes have 
been active in their community, and have held many tournaments to benefit various charities over the years. Their dedication to the game and their community shows why the Silvettes have had such a presence since 1935. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that the House join me 
in honoring the Silvette Women’s Golf Club of Staten Island on their 80th Anniversary. 
f 
HONORING CASA ALLEGRA 
COMMUNITY SERVICES 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Casa Allegra Community Services (CACS), which has been providing residential support, community integration and income earning opportunities for people with intellec-tual and other developmental disabilities in the San Francisco Bay Area for four decades. 
In 1975, Chris Bonfiglio and Eileen Falvey 
co-founded CACS in San Rafael, California to provide housing for five young people with dis-abilities facing unexpected homelessness. They not only succeeded in their goal, but have grown the organization significantly from its origins. Today CACS runs two long-term care homes along with numerous living, edu-cational, and career programs for individuals with disabilities in seven counties across the region. 
The hard work undertaken by the staff and 
leadership at CACS has impacted many in its 40 years. CACS’ efforts extend beyond meet-ing basic needs—which it performs well and with compassion—by striving to encourage people with disabilities to lead meaningful lives. 
CACS has played a crucial and necessary 
role in our community by serving as a voice for those who need it most. Mr. Speaker, it is fitting to honor and thank Casa Allegra Com-munity Services on their 40th Anniversary for their commitment to bettering the lives of those with disabilities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:33 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JY8.019 E29JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1162 July 29, 2015 
HONORING COMMUNITY CHAMPION 
DR. WILLIAM DICUCCIO 
HON. MIKE KELLY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I 
would like to recognize one of my constituents 
from Western Pennsylvania, Dr. William DiCuccio. Dr. DiCuccio is a prestigious med-ical professional in Butler County, and his sin-cere desire to serve has had an international impact. 
Dr. DiCuccio received a Bachelor of Science 
Degree from Saint Vincent College and then went on to attend Medical School at Jefferson Medical College in Philadelphia. Shortly after graduation Dr. DiCuccio opened his own fam-ily practice, William A. DiCuccio M.D. & Asso-ciates, where he worked for the following 30 years. Throughout his career, Dr. DiCuccio has maintained an honorable reputation while serving in various prominent positions within the community. These positions include Vice President of Medical Affairs for Butler Health System, Medical Director for Butler County Prison, and his current position as Medical Di-rector, at Sunnyview Nursing Home. Dr. DiCuccio humbly embraced each of these roles, taking full advantage of his ability to positively influence the lives of those around him. 
Due to his professionalism and expertise, 
Dr. DiCuccio’s involvement has been an asset to various advisory boards, including Butler County Community College (Vice Chairman, Board of Directors), World Servants (Board Member), Community Health Clinic of Butler (Chairman/Board Member), St. Vincent Col-lege-Boyer School (Board Member), Gaiser Center (Board Member), and Mission Develop-ment Villa Hermosa-Dominican Republic (Di-rector). In addition, Dr. DiCuccio has volun-tarily participated in a number of civic organi-zations and professional societies, continu-ously giving back to the community. He is cur-rently an active member of the American Academy of Family Physicians, American Ger-iatrics Society, Pennsylvania Medical Society, and the Butler County Medical Society. 
When he’s not caring for patients, Dr. 
DiCuccio enjoys spending time with his family, participating within his church, traveling, and golfing. These very interests were the driving factors behind Dr. DiCuccio’s first trip to the Dominican Republic, a trip which would for-ever change his life. While traveling abroad, Dr. DiCuccio and his wife, Marge, visited a small barrio called Villa Hermosa, a poverty- stricken town located about 70 miles from the Dominican Republic’s capital city, Santo Do-mingo. Villa Hermosa, which means ‘‘beautiful village’’ in English, is home to 4,500 of the most genuine people, whose positive attitudes remain resilient despite their lack of basic ne-cessities. 
Villa Hermosa consisted of miles of shacks, 
constructed from scrap metal. The community was without drinking water, sewage systems, and electricity; however, there was an abun-dance of joy. The children that ran through the streets did not have clothing on their backs or shoes on their feet, yet there were smiles on their faces. The time spent with these wonder-ful people was inspirational and life-changing 
for Dr. DiCuccio and within an hour of depar-ture from Villa Hermosa, he realized God led him there for a very specific purpose. 
Dr. William and Marge DiCuccio started the 
‘‘Hope Project’’ which has collaborated with World Servants, various churches, and indi-vidual sponsorships, all focused on the same objective of improving the quality of life for others. Since Dr. DiCuccio took the initiative, the transformations within Villa Hermosa have been immeasurable: The local church, which serves as the heart of the community, has been repaired and expanded, allowing them to accommodate for large crowds. A brand new grade school, where 400 students are edu-cated, fed, immunized, clothed, and cared for in general, has been constructed and devel-oped. In addition, this school brings countless benefits to the surrounding community, one of those being the fact that it employs a number of local residents, including seven teachers, a psychologist, a principal, a secretary, and cleaning staff. In order to produce clean drink-ing water, a well was drilled and a water purifi-cation plant was constructed. This plant pro-duces 4,000 gallons of water per hour, sold to benefit the people of Villa Hermosa. Most re-cently, a medical clinic was constructed and is currently being run by Medical Missions Inter-national. This clinic is combating the leading cause of death in the Dominican Republic, namely the spread of communicable diseases. 
In serving God, his family, and all of those 
in need, Dr. DiCuccio is an absolute inspira-tion. His compassion and generosity has posi-tively influenced the lives of so many, and will continue to do so for years to come. There-fore, on behalf of the Third Congressional Dis-trict of Pennsylvania, along with Villa Hermosa, I would like to express sincere grati-tude and appreciation to Dr. William DiCuccio, an admirable professional, a selfless indi-vidual, and a true Community Champion. 
f 
CELEBRATING LIBERIAN 
INDEPENDENCE 
HON. DAVID N. CICILLINE 
OF RHODE ISLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, this week 
marks the 168th anniversary of independence for the Republic of Liberia. 
In 1847, after decades under the rule of the 
American Colonization Society, the Republic of Liberia declared its independence in order to establish a free, sovereign state in West Af-rica. 
Today, my home state of Rhode Island is 
home to a thriving Liberian-American commu-nity of 15,000 men, women, and children who help make our state such a wonderful place to live, work, and raise a family. 
I am delighted today to celebrate this great 
country, its people, their traditions, its strong ties to the United States, and the lasting im-pact this community has made in Rhode Is-land and other places all across America. 
Last year, I had the honor of visiting Liberia 
with the United Nations Foundation and speaking with officials there about ways to strengthen ties between our two countries and 
support peacekeeping efforts in West Africa. 
I extend my best wishes and congratulations 
to Liberia’s President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf and to all those celebrating in Liberia and around the world this week. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE MINNESOTA 
SPOKESMAN-RECORDER’S 80TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. KEITH ELLISON 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
commemorate and honor the Minnesota Spokesman-Recorder on its 80th Anniversary. The Spokesman-Recorder is the oldest Afri-can-American business in Minnesota and one of the oldest African-American newspapers in the United States. A longstanding pillar and voice of the Minnesota African-American com-munity since its inception in 1934, the Spokes-man-Recorder remains a journalistic force to this day. 
Started as two separate papers, the Min-
neapolis Spokesman and the St. Paul Re-corder were founded on August 10, 1934 by Cecil E. Newman. Mr. Newman was truly in-vested in the lives and communities his pa-pers reached. He designed both papers as communication vehicles to unite, educate, in-spire and empower the Twin Cities African- American community. When founding his pub-lications, Mr. Newman was quoted as saying, ‘‘I didn’t have enough money to begin one newspaper, so I began publishing two.’’ 
Mr. Newman was an important voice in the 
civil rights era, advising Senators Hubert H. Humphrey (D–MN) and Clifford P. Case (R– NJ) throughout the passage of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 as well as Senator Walter F. Mon-dale (D–MN) on the Fair Housing Act of 1968. Mr. Newman’s commitment to civil and human rights and his bipartisan advocacy gained the papers respect and influence. 
Now one publication, the Spokesman-Re-
corder, has been a springboard for African- American talent and continues to nurture and support talented writers, photographers and journalists. The Spokesman-Recorder helped launch the careers of internationally-renowned photographer and writer Gordon Parks and honored U.S. journalist and former Ambas-sador to Finland, Carl Rowan. 
After Mr. Newman’s passing in 1976, his 
wife Launa took the helm as publisher. Mrs. Newman remained in that role for 32 years until she handed the reins to their grand-daughter, Tracey Williams-Dillard, in 2008. Ms. Williams-Dillard has worked to continue Cecil Newman’s legacy and the Spokesman-Re-corder now connects the entire state of Min-nesota through print and digital content. 
I am proud to represent the congressional 
district that the Spokesman-Recorder and the Newman family call home. Today, I congratu-late the Spokesman-Recorder for its accom-plishments, its lasting legacy, and the decades of hard work required to publish one of the top African-American owned newspapers in the United States. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:33 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JY8.024 E29JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1163 July 29, 2015 
HONORING MR. JOAQUIN ESQUIVEL 
ON THE OCCASION OF HIS APPPOINTMENT AS ASSISTANT SECRETARY FOR FEDERAL WATER POLICY AT THE CALI-FORNIA NATURAL RESOURCES AGENCY 
HON. RAUL RUIZ 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, today I am honored 
to recognize Joaquin Esquivel on his appoint-ment to serve as Assistant Secretary for Fed-eral Water Policy at the California Natural Re-sources Agency. 
Mr. Esquivel has served on U.S. Senator 
B
ARBARA BOXER ’Sstaff for over 8 years, most 
recently serving as Legislative Assistant and Director of Information and Technology. Dur-ing his time with Senator B
OXER , Mr. Esquivel 
has developed policy expertise in a variety of issues critical to California including water pol-icy, agriculture, tribal issues, and the Salton Sea. Among his many contributions to federal water policy, Mr. Esquivel has been instru-mental in the creation of comprehensive drought resiliency legislation and helped write the Water in the 21st Century Act (W21). 
A native to the Coachella Valley, Mr. 
Esquivel grew up in La Quinta. His parents both worked for Coachella Valley Unified School District and his grandparents were farmworkers. After graduating from La Quinta High School, Mr. Esquivel went on to earn a bachelor’s degree in English at the University of California, Santa Barbara, fulfilling his pas-sion for literature and its ability to reflect and catalyze social change. He then took a chance to pursue his dreams, stepping out of his com-fort zone; in 2007 he moved to Washington, D.C., where he first started with Senator B
OXER as an intern. 
Mr. Esquivel’s talent and success are an ex-
ample of how our local youth can go on to make a difference for their communities. Fur-thermore, growing up in the Coachella Valley, he understands firsthand the unique struggles that our district faces with the decline of the Salton Sea. He has been a true champion of the Salton Sea, coordinating Senator B
OXER ’S 
efforts on this impending issue and shep-herding authorizing language that would allow the Army Corps of Engineers to help with its restoration. 
Mr. Esquivel’s other legislative accomplish-
ments include spearheading ideas and legisla-tion to protect pollinators across California, which are essential to our state’s almond pro-duction and other agricultural industries. Fur-thermore, as the Senator’s lead staffer on trib-al issues, Mr. Esquivel has worked to ensure the more than 100 federally recognized tribes in California have a voice in Congress. 
I am proud to recognize Mr. Esquivel’s con-
tributions to our nation’s water, tribal, and agri-cultural policies, and I look forward to seeing the vision and leadership he will bring to State of California. INTRODUCTION OF THE ‘‘FEDERAL 
PROTECTIVE SERVICE IMPROVE-MENT AND ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 2015’’ 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-
er, I am reintroducing legislation to reform the Federal Protective Service (FPS). 
The ‘‘Federal Protective Service Improve-
ment and Accountability Act of 2015’’ seeks to improve FPS’ ability to carry out its mission to protect the 1.4 million Federal employees and visitors that access more than 9,500 Federal facilities across the nation. 
After the 1995 domestic terrorist attacks on 
the Alfred P. Murrah Building in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, there was broad recognition that Federal buildings, which are symbols of our democracy, must be protected against ter-rorist attacks while remaining accessible to citizens. 
In recent years, the increasing number of 
terrorist plots against diverse U.S. government facilities in Illinois, Washington State, and New York City as well as attacks on government buildings in other western democracies, such as Canada and Norway, has brought into focus the need to strengthen U.S. Federal building security. 
Unfortunately, the primary agency respon-
sible for providing such security—the Federal Protective Service—has a range of long-standing administrative challenges that, to my mind, raise questions about its ability to pro-vide adequate Federal building security. 
To ensure that FPS makes progress on its 
fundamental challenges, my legislation calls for immediate attention to address staffing, training, and contractor oversight challenges that the Government Accountability Office has identified as problematic. 
It also directs FPS to not only put in place 
uniform minimum training and certification standards for all guards, regardless of whether they are contract guards or Federal employ-ees, but develop and implement a strategy for using covert testing to improve performance of security screening at FPS-protected facilities. 
Importantly, my legislation recognizes that 
though FPS is responsible for security, the Interagency Security Committee, comprised of Federal agencies that are tenants, has a major role to play in ensuring that risk-based security practices are in use. 
Specifically, my bill requires DHS to assess 
the degree to which the consensus standard for risk management, which was developed by the Interagency Security Committee, has been adopted at non-military Federal facilities. 
My legislation also is forward-looking. It directs DHS to implement a one-year pilot 
program to research the advantages of con-verting guard positions at the highest risk FPS-protected facilities from contract guard positions to Federal positions. 
Additionally, my legislation requires DHS to 
take a hard look at whether the fee-based sys-tem under which FPS currently operates pro-vides adequate resources to cover the actual costs that FPS incurs. 
Since October 2014, when terrorists at-
tacked government sites in Canada, FPS’ has been operating at an enhanced level, at the direction of DHS Secretary Jeh Johnson. The resulting increased tempo FPS’ security 
operations has necessitated the deployment of more law enforcement to higher-sensitivity fa-cilities, increases in the frequency of visitor and vehicle screening, and enhancements to explosive canine detection and patrol oper-ations. 
Each time that FPS is directed to heighten 
security operations, new costs are incurred. FPS has no choice but to absorb those costs, often, I suspect, at the expense of addressing longstanding administrative challenges. 
GAO, since 2009, has identified weak-
nesses in FPS’ oversight of contract guards as an issue. 
Now is the time, from a security and a tax-
payer perspective, to have a long overdue dis-cussion about whether FPS’ fee model is de-signed to not only cover surges in protective activities but also to cover the costs of imple-menting core oversight and administration re-forms that GAO has repeatedly recommended. 
That discussion must include looking at 
whether some combination of appropriations and fees need to be part of the equation. 
Mr. Speaker, with that, I urge Members to 
cosponsor the ‘‘Federal Protective Service Im-
provement and Accountability Act of 2015’’. 
f 
HONORING THE COAST GUARD’S 
225TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. CANDICE S. MILLER 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mrs. MILLER of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise today to recognize the Coast Guard’s sto-ried history of service to our nation. Next week, on August 4th, the Coast Guard will cel-ebrate its 225th anniversary. 
On that day in 1790, President George 
Washington signed an act establishing ten cut-ters, known as the Revenue Marine Service. These cutters were to be strategically posi-tioned near our ports and used for the collec-tion of tariffs. They were essential to our young Nation’s finances, maritime security and trade activities. Over the years, several other services such as the Cutter Service, the Light-house Service, and the Life-Saving Service joined together to ultimately become the U.S. Coast Guard. 
While the service is vastly different than 
originally established, the Coast Guard has evolved with the changing threats to our na-tion. Following the events of September 11, 2001 the Coast Guard proved to be an even greater asset to our nation as their role in se-curity operations significantly expanded through heightened vigilance in ports and in-creased presence along our coastline. 
As one of the five armed forces of the 
United States and the only military organiza-tion within the Department of Homeland Secu-rity, the Coast Guard protects our Nation’s maritime interests at home and abroad. Their presence along our rivers, in the ports, coastal regions and on the high seas is vital to our na-tional security. 
Right now there are Coast Guard men and 
women aboard buoy tenders and ice breakers keeping shipping lanes open ensuring a steady flow of commerce and transportation. National Security Cutters are conducting drug interdictions in the Caribbean and Eastern Pa-cific keeping drugs off of our streets. Air sta-tions and small boat stations are on call 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:33 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K29JY8.027 E29JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1164 July 29, 2015 
around the clock ready to save mariners in 
distress. Vessel examiners are inspecting commercial ships to keep them operating safely and ensuring the environmental stew-ardship of our waters. 
The Coast Guard has a large presence in 
my district conducting missions vital to the safety and prosperity of the Great Lakes. I am proud to represent the Coast Guard men and women at Sector Detroit and adjoining sta-tions, as well as Air Station Detroit which op-erates out of Selfridge Air National Guard Base. I know the boaters in Michigan’s 10th district are in good hands. 
Just two weeks ago, I met with the Com-
mandant of the Coast Guard, Admiral Paul Zukunft, a superb leader with a bold vision that makes me optimistic for the future of this great service. 
The Coast Guard’s values of honor, respect, 
and devotion to duty are seen day in and day out by the men and women who proudly wear the uniform. We are fortunate that they go to work every day ready to serve and protect the American people. 
On behalf of a grateful nation, I want to 
commend the men and women of the Coast Guard for their many years of service and wish them a happy 225th anniversary. 
Semper Paratus. 
f 
WASHINGTON TIMES ARTICLE: AN 
EXCUSE FOR CRUSHING KRATOM: THE FDA’S UNDUE SCRUTINY IS UNSCIENTIFIC 
HON. AUMUA AMATA COLEMAN 
RADEWAGEN 
OF AMERICAN SAMOA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mrs. RADEWAGEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to submit an article from the July 23, 2015 edition of the Washington Times entitled, An excuse for crushing kratom: The FDA’s undue scrutiny is unscientific. 
(By Lloyd Billingsley—Thursday, July 23, 
2015) 
Last year, Americans spent an estimated 
$374 billion on prescription drugs, up 13 per-cent from the year before. These drugs in-clude OxyContin, Vicodin, Percocet and oth-ers that the federal Food and Drug Adminis-tration (FDA) approved for sale without re-gard to their potential for abuse. 
Meanwhile, the ‘‘potential for abuse’’ was 
used for many years to block even a discus-sion of the possible medical benefits of can-nabis. And now federal officials are using it again to attack another potential natural remedy, kratom. 
Kratom (Mitragyna speciosa), which de-
rives from a tree that grows in Thailand, Ma-laysia, Indonesia and Papua New Guinea, has been found to reduce pain, lessen dependence on opiates (like OxyContin), and work as a mild stimulant. 
The U.S. Drug Enforcement Administra-
tion considers kratom a ‘‘drug of concern.’’ The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) calls it ‘‘dangerous.’’ 
Last year, U.S. marshals, at the request of 
the FDA, seized more than 25,000 pounds of raw kratom in Van Nuys, Calif. The action, explained Melinda Plaisier, FDA associate commissioner for regulatory affairs, ‘‘was taken to safeguard the public from this dan-gerous product.’’ Ms. Plaisier called kratom ‘‘a botanical substance that poses a risk to public health and has the potential for 
abuse.’’ 
Kratom’s potential for benefit was of no 
apparent concern. 
Edward Boyer, professor of emergency 
medicine and director of medical toxicology at the University of Massachusetts Medical School, told Scientific American in 2013 that kratom blunts a patient’s withdrawal from opioids ‘‘awfully, awfully well.’’ 
Dr. Boyer explained that kratom binds 
with serotonin receptors. ‘‘So if you want to treat depression, if you want to treat opioid pain, if you want to treat sleepiness,’’ kratom ‘‘really puts it all together.’’ It gives addicts access to a drug that effectively treats pain without causing respiratory problems. 
Oregon resident Paul Kemp occasionally 
uses kratom, he says, to ease back pain, help him relax and gain energy. Last year Mr. Kemp told reporters it was ‘‘ludicrous’’ for the FDA to stop the importation of kratom on the grounds that it ‘‘may be’’ dangerous, when FDA-approved products such as OxyContin are known to be dangerous. 
Likewise, FDA-approved Xanax and Val-
ium are often abused, along with the ‘‘psychostimulant’’ Adderall, used to treat attention deficit hyperactivity disorder. 
What bothers the FDA, Mr. Kemp writes, is 
that kratom is being used very effectively as ‘‘a way for America’s prescription drug ad-dicts to break free without experiencing the usually traumatic withdrawal symptoms that stop most victims of OxyContin and other opioids from getting clean.’’ 
Edward Boyer, the toxicology professor, 
acknowledges that kratom can be abused, but ‘‘speaking as a scientist, a physician and a practicing clinician, I think the fears of ad-verse events don’t mean you stop the sci-entific discovery process totally,’’ he told Scientific American. 
If big pharma isn’t behind something, the 
attitude seems to be in Washington, legisla-tors and regulators don’t even want to talk about it. But talk and listen they should. 
Scientific research should continue. Fed-
eral and state officials need to be open-mind-ed, see where the scientific research leads, and consider all the evidence—including the testimony of people like Paul Kemp who swear that kratom has helped them. 
Banning kratom or banning its ingredi-
ents, as Indiana has done, is the wrong mes-sage at the wrong time. 
A better option at this stage would be to 
let the voters decide, as California did in 1996 with medicinal marijuana. Let voters decide if Kratom should be banned—without proof— as a dangerous menace, or whether individ-uals suffering from withdrawal pain and other maladies should be free to make their own informed choices. 
f 
HONORING MARGARET A. ‘‘ANNIE’’ 
LAUDICK 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the life of Margaret A. ‘‘Annie’’ Laudick, a loving wife and the mother of my close friend, Andy Laudick. 
Annie was a devoted wife to James, her 
husband of 47 years, as well as an adoring mother and grandmother to her two children and nine granddaughters. She was a woman of great faith, belonging to St. Mary’s Catholic Church. She was also a member of the Ea-gles Ladies Auxiliary and the American Legion 
Auxiliary. 
Annie will be greatly missed by not only her 
family, but also by the Greensburg community. Her capacity for love and compassion is unrivaled, and I consider it a privilege to have known such a benevolent and sincere woman. 
On a personal note, I will never forget 
Annie’s smile. In high school, I remember going to Andy’s house to swim at their pond. And, every time I visited, I would be greeted by his mom’s big smile. 
She was a remarkable woman who will truly 
be missed by everyone whose lives she touched. Today, it is my privilege to honor the life of Margaret A. Laudick. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND CAREER 
OF GEORGE KUBOTA, SR., AND HIS SONS HERB AND GEORGE, JR. 
HON. CATHY McMORRIS RODGERS 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to recognize the exemplary life and career of George Kubota, Sr., as well as the lives and careers of his sons Herb Kubota and George Kubota, Jr. After decades of serv-ice as both small business owners and public servants, we celebrate and reflect upon their positive impact in Pend Oreille County, Wash-ington. 
George Kubota, Sr. was born in Japan in 
1886. As a young man, he immigrated to the United States and settled in the small north-east Washington community of Newport, Washington, where he opened the first laundry in the area. His business, Kubota Steam Laundry, primarily served the mining, logging, milling, and railroad industries. As these indus-tries grew to the north, he and his family moved to Metaline Falls, Washington, where they expanded and diversified their business. In 1929, he founded the Metaline Falls Trad-ing Company, a hardware store that still oper-ates today and is an integral part of both the community in Metaline Falls and the county. 
In 1942, he was detained by the FBI and 
was due, along with his family, to be sent to an internment camp. However, due to his positive impact on the community, many resi-dents throughout the northern part of the county made special efforts to prevent their in-ternment. He became a citizen after the war. George was a true patriot, pioneer, and fixture of his community, serving the citizens of Pend Oreille County for decades. George died in 1988 at the age of 102. 
George Kubota, Sr. also had two sons, 
George and Herb, who additionally deserve recognition for their service to the communities in northeast Washington. After receiving col-lege degrees and serving their country in the Armed Forces, Herb and George joined their dad running the Metaline Falls Trading Com-pany in the 1950s, and, like their father, be-came important fixtures of their community. Herb served for years as an EMT and devoted large portions of his life to help the elderly of the community. Both Herb and George served as volunteer firefighters until the mandatory re-tirement age. George Kubota, Jr. has also de-voted significant time to public service, serving 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:33 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29JY8.003 E29JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1165 July 29, 2015 
several terms on the town council and as 
mayor of Metaline Falls. He has served on the boards of numerous community organizations and was instrumental in the construction and expansion of a medical clinic in lone, Wash-ington. Herb sadly passed away in 2005. George, now 84, continues to run the store their father founded. The massive contribu-tions of these three men cannot be over-stated—the scale and duration of their positive influence on the communities of Pend Oreille County goes beyond that of ordinary citizens. 
So today, I rise to recognize George Kubota 
and his sons Herb and George for their dedi-cation to family, community, and country. They have continuously gone above and beyond as citizens and public servants, and for all their accomplishments and service, we are grateful for their positive impact on Eastern Wash-ington. 
f 
STOP DECEPTIVE ADVERTISING 
FOR WOMEN’S SERVICES ACT STATEMENT OF INTRODUCTION 
HON. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. 
Mr. Speaker, today, I am introducing, along with my colleague Representative S
UZANNE  
BONAMICI , the Stop Deceptive Advertising for 
Women’s Services Act. This important bill pro-tects the rights of women seeking family plan-ning services. 
Women deserve to receive comprehensive, 
impartial, and medically accurate information when making personal health decisions. Un-fortunately, there are so-called Crisis Preg-nancy Centers (CPCs) that deliberately mis-inform or mislead women seeking information on family planning services. They pose as sources of unbiased pregnancy counseling, using deceptive propaganda to dissuade women from considering comprehensive birth- control options or legal abortion. These fake reproductive health clinics entice women through their doors under the pretense of pro-viding the full range of reproductive options and services, and this bill would expose their deceptive tactics. 
The Stop Deceptive Advertising for Wom-
en’s Services Act directs the Federal Trade Commission to promulgate rules under the Federal Trade Commission Act, declaring it an unfair or deceptive act for an entity, such as a crisis pregnancy center, to advertise as a provider of abortion services if the entity does not provide abortion services. 
Clearly, deception and intimidation have no 
place when a woman is seeking information about her pregnancy. Working together we can help stop the fraud and confusion these Crisis Pregnancy Centers (CPCs) are perpe-trating on the women of America. 
I urge my colleagues to cosponsor this im-
portant legislation—because women deserve access to the best, most comprehensive healthcare information. Women need and de-serve accurate and comprehensive information when making personal decisions about family planning, and so-called Crisis Pregnancy Cen-ters provide neither. Our legislation would ex-pose and stop deceptive and false advertising from CPCs. TRIBUTE TO EDWARD ALFRED 
THOMAS, LONGEST SERVING AND GREATEST PATROL OFFI-CER IN THE HISTORY OF THE HOUSTON POLICE DEPARTMENT 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
pay tribute to retired Senior Police Officer Ed-ward Alfred Thomas of Houston, Texas, one of the first African American police officers to integrate the Houston Police Department and the longest serving in the Department’s his-tory. 
So well, so ably, and so honorably did Offi-
cer Thomas serve the citizens of Houston that last month the Houston City Council voted unanimously to rename the Houston Police Department headquarters building as the ‘‘Ed-ward A. Thomas Houston Police Department Headquarters Building.’’ 
This honor is well deserved because, as 
Houston Police Chief Charles McClelland has said, Officer Edward Alfred Thomas ‘‘is the epitome of what every police officer should be’’ and that it is both fitting and proper that ‘‘a man of his stature, character and out-standing ethics and morals be given this honor. 
Mr. Speaker, Edward Alfred Thomas was 
born near Shreveport, Louisiana, in 1920 and went on to attend Southern University in Baton Rouge, where he played football before being drafted to the military during World War II, where he saw action with the U.S. Army at Normandy, in northern Africa, and during the Battle of the Bulge. 
After the war and his honorable discharge 
from the Army, Edward Thomas became one of the first African American police officers in the city of Houston when he joined the Hous-ton Police Department on January 12, 1948 and where he remained for the next 63 years until his retirement on July 23, 2011. 
Mr. Speaker, Officer Thomas’ more than six 
decades of hard work and courage paved the way for the hundreds of additional African American and officers of color who followed, including the current Houston Police Chief, Charles McClelland. 
Although Officer Thomas enjoyed a long 
and distinguished career, this is not to say it was easy or without challenges, especially given the fact that Officer Thomas joined the Houston Police Department in 1948, more than 15 years before the height of the Civil Rights Movement. 
When he began his career Officer Thomas 
was assigned to foot patrol at night patrolling the African American neighborhoods of Hous-ton, the Third, Fourth and Fifth Wards. 
Because of his race, Officer Thomas was 
not allowed to drive a squad car or to arrest White suspects without obtaining permission from his supervisor and at one point in his ca-reer, he was disciplined for speaking to a White meter maid who asked him to walk with her in order to avoid the unwanted attention and advances of nearby construction workers. 
In those early years, Officer Thomas was 
not allowed to congregate with his white coun-terparts, he could not attend roll calls with white officers, and he could not eat in the caf-eteria. But Officer Thomas persevered and helped 
pave the way for many other African American police officers, like Chief McClelland and the more than 1,000 African American police offi-cers who today comprise about 20 percent of the Houston Police Department. 
Mr. Speaker, naming the 26-story head-
quarters building of the Houston Police De-
partment after Officer Edward Alfred Thomas is a fitting tribute to a man who is, unarguably, one of the greatest police officers in the his-tory of the Houston Police Department and re-mains one of the most revered and respected. 
During his years of service to the city of 
Houston, Officer Thomas was named The 100 Club’s ‘‘Officer of the Year;’’ awarded a Chief of Police Commendation by former Chief of Police Lee P. Brown; and recognized twice by The 100 Club with a Lifetime Achievement Award in 1998 and 2011, respectively; and has received many letters of appreciation from citizens and supervisors. 
Mr. Speaker, the renaming of the Houston 
Police Department headquarters building in honor of Officer Thomas was supported by the Houston Police Officer’s Union (HPOU), the African American Police Officer League (AAPOL), Houston Police Organization of Spanish Speaking Officers (OSSO), and the Houston Organization of Public Employees (HOPE). 
Chief McClelland is absolutely correct in 
noting that there could be no finer tribute to any patrol officer than to name the head-quarters building in honor of ‘‘a patrol officer for 65 years who underwent intense, systemic discrimination,’’ and to have his name on the building as an inspiration and example for oth-ers to follow. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE POSTAL 
INNOVATION ACT OF 2015 
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, the 
United States Postal Service (USPS) provides universal connectivity all across the country and a low cost delivery service that not just in-dividual families rely on, but businesses of all sizes. 
However, the Postal Service faces growing 
financial problems attributable to burdensome mandates in existing law and the continued decline in mail service volumes. As a result, the Postal Service is hard-pressed to identify cost-saving initiatives that can alleviate their fi-nancial woes while at the same time maintain-ing their high quality of service. 
That is why I have introduced the Postal In-
novation Act of 2015, which will authorize the Postal Service to take simple, common-sense steps towards modernization such as updating its fleet of vehicles to align with updated envi-ronmental and safety standards, and broad-ening its services to reflect the evolving de-mands of today’s consumers. 
The Postal Service must be given the flexi-
bility to innovate and provide its customers modern services. By offering basic financial services, internet connectivity, and the ability to ship beer, wine, and spirits, this Act will allow the Postal Service to not only raise rev-enue, but remain a cornerstone of American communities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:33 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29JY8.006 E29JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1166 July 29, 2015 
In addition to raising revenue and increasing 
services to meet consumer demands, upgrad-ing to energy efficient technology can reduce the postal fleet’s carbon emissions while si-multaneously cutting costs. This is critical be-cause the federal government ought to lead by example, not lag decades behind. Further, im-plementing cutting-edge active safety and crash avoidance technology across the postal fleet will make streets safer for all users in every community in America. 
The Postal Service is a vast and sprawling 
enterprise that touches almost every house-hold six days a week. We will all benefit from preserving and improving this vital piece of America’s infrastructure and fabric of life. 
f 
SUPPORT AN END TO CORRUPTION 
IN GUATEMALA 
HON. JAMES P. McGOVERN 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. M CGOVERN . Mr. Speaker, one year ago, 
a surge of unaccompanied child migrants from Central America was front-page news. Al-though that humanitarian crisis at our borders appears to have abated, the difficulties and life-threatening challenges faced by many citi-zens in Central America continue. The region urgently needs support in order to address the root causes of outmigration—economic and social inequality, insecurity and injustice. 
It is encouraging that the Obama Adminis-
tration has worked with the governments of El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras to present a request for $1 billion to tackle the structural and multidimensional causes of migration through investments and programs to create jobs, expand education and social protection, strengthen public security and the judicial sys-tem, and improve transparency and efficiency in public administration. Congress is now con-sidering this aid package in the House and Senate versions of the FY 2016 State and Foreign Operations Appropriations bills. While I support the overall amount of the request, I do have concerns about how best to target funds so that they reach vulnerable and poor communities, and especially youth and fami-lies in those communities, who are most in need of support, while at the same time strengthening human rights and judicial sys-tems in each of these countries. 
In this context, I believe it is important to 
focus attention on the situation in Guatemala, which today is facing a critical juncture. Re-cent revelations of cases of widespread and deep-seated corruption in Guatemala raise se-rious concerns about the capacity of that gov-ernment to be an effective partner in reducing poverty and inequality in the region. Evidence of massive and shameless looting of the state by high level Guatemalan officials in the Perez Molina government, the legislature and polit-ical parties has sparked a remarkable citizen mobilization. What started as urban, middle- class protests organized through social media networks has morphed into nationwide dem-onstrations demanding the resignation of President Perez Molina, and the immediate passage and implementation of fundamental reforms to electoral, judicial, civil service, and procurement systems. Some are calling for a ‘government of national renovation’ as a tran-sition to begin to renew the political leadership 
and help restore citizen confidence in govern-ment. 
I want to honor this unprecedented, con-
tinuing, and fearless rise of the Guatemalan people—students, people of all ethnic and reli-gious groups, civil society organizations, and ordinary citizens of all ages are coming to-gether with a common agenda against corrup-tion and in favor of reform. That said, I note that frustration is growing as proposed reforms supported by the National Platform for Reform of the State—a coalition of over 100 civil soci-ety and academic organizations—are not pro-gressing as demanded. And there are legiti-mate concerns expressed by civil society or-ganizations that national elections scheduled for September 6th will take place in an envi-ronment that will enable fraud through illicit fi-nancing and in which threats will be used to intimidate voters. In this crucial moment, every citizen who is speaking out peacefully needs to be protected, defended and encouraged. 
I also want to recognize the brave and ex-
cellent work of the International Commission Against Impunity in Guatemala, CICIG, whose technical capacity has supported the bold in-vestigative initiatives undertaken by the Guate-malan Attorney General’s office to uproot cor-ruption. When CICIG was established in 2007, it was described as a choice between the past and future. Guatemala recognized that it need-ed help controlling illegal, clandestine and cor-rupt power structures in the post-conflict years. CICIG is now at the heart of this chal-lenging but potentially promising moment in Guatemala’s history. Together with civil soci-ety and some dedicated leaders in Guate-mala’s justice system, the good women and men of CICIG are playing a critical role in helping move Guatemala towards justice and a better future. They, too, need protection and encouragement to keep up the good work. 
Clearly, the next few weeks and months are 
critically important as the Guatemalan people work to figure out how to best address the challenges they face. At this important junc-ture, I urge the Obama Administration, includ-ing our U.S. diplomats and other agency rep-resentatives in Guatemala, to do their utmost to support Guatemalan civil society efforts to hold their own government accountable. Over the next weeks and months we will see wheth-er Guatemala is capable of carrying out real change and moving closer to establishing a just, accountable and increasingly secure, eq-uitable and prosperous country for all its citi-zens. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MS. CASSIE 
WELCH 
HON. DAVID G. VALADAO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
thank Cassie Welch for her service to my of-fice and the 21 Congressional District of Cali-fornia over the past year. 
Ms. Welch was born in Savannah, Ten-
nessee to Donnie and Marilyn Welch. After spending her youth in Savannah and com-pleting her high school education, Ms. Welch attended the University of North Alabama, where she received a Bachelor’s of Science in Biology, Mississippi State University, where 
she received a Master’s of Science in Animal Nutrition, and the University of Idaho, where she received a Doctorate of Philosophy in Ani-mal Physiology. 
After completing her education, Ms. Welch 
accepted a Fellowship in my Washington, D.C. office through the American Association for the Advancement of Science and the Federa-tion of Animal Science Societies. During her time in my office, she handled several legisla-tive portfolios, including agriculture, animal rights, budget, housing, labor, natural re-sources, and social security. 
On August 21, 2015, Ms. Welch’s time in 
my office will come to an end. Ms. Welch will be moving to Iowa to begin the next chapter of her life. While I know she is very excited about her upcoming journey, she will be great-ly missed as a member of my team. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the 
United States House of Representatives to join me in commending Cassie Welch for her public service to the people of the Central Val-ley and wishing her well in this next chapter of her life. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE BRANSON FFA 
TRAP TEAM’S NATIONAL CHAM-PIONSHIP 
HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to con-
gratulate the Branson High School Future Farmers of America Trap Team on their senior division championship win and overall third place victory at the 2015 Scholastic Shooting Sports Foundation National Championship. 
The Senior Division team, made up of Ken-
nedy Mattox, Kory Gray, Jacob Anderson, Gage Dixon and Colten Calvert, hit 974 of 1,000 clay pigeons to take first place in their division. During the competition, Kennedy missed only one target, placing him above 697 other shooters to earn third place in the indi-vidual standings. 
The Pirates’ trap team earned a third place 
victory overall. It is the culmination of the Open Division team’s fifth place victory, the In-termediate Advanced team’s fourth place vic-tory, the Intermediate Entry’s third place vic-tory and many other individual medals in sporting clays, handicap trap and regular trap. 
The 2015 Scholastic Shooting Sports Foun-
dation National Championship had a record breaking number of entries, further showing the team’s sharp skill and national achieve-ment. The program is designed to use shoot-ing sports to teach valuable skills such as sportsmanship, responsibility and teamwork to young individuals. 
The Branson team, led by Coach Joe Hen-
derson, has seen ample success in recent years and will compete at The American Trap Association’s AIM Grand Nationals in August. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in congratu-
lating the Branson High School FFA Trap Team for their accomplishments and hard work and in wishing them luck in their future endeavors. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:33 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY8.009 E29JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1167 July 29, 2015 
HIRE VETS ACT OF 2015 
HON. PAUL COOK 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, as a combat vet-
eran, I’m deeply concerned that the men and women of our military continue to struggle to find employment upon reentering civilian life. These individuals have not only displayed great courage but have acquired distinctive skills that make them ideal candidates for em-ployment. Veterans who serve this country honorably shouldn’t struggle to find employ-ment, which is why I’m introducing the HIRE Vets Act of 2015. 
The HIRE Vets Act is a bipartisan bill that 
would promote private sector recruiting, hiring, and retaining of men and women who served honorably in the U.S. military through a vol-untary and effective program. Specifically, it would create an awards program recognizing the meaningful, verifiable efforts undertaken by employers—both large and small—to hire and retain veterans. 
This program, designed to be self-funded 
and within the U.S. Department of Labor, will allow employers to proudly display one of four Presidential Awards on their products and marketing materials. These ‘‘HIRE Vets Me-dallions’’—Bronze, Silver, Gold, and Plat-inum—would be awarded to employers that achieve specific hiring and retention goals each year. 
The program also establishes similar tiered 
awards for small and mid-sized employers with fewer than 500 employees. To ensure proper oversight, the Secretary of Labor would be required to provide Congress with annual reports on the success of the program and the hiring and retention levels of veterans. 
This bill goes beyond simply recognizing 
that a business hires veterans. The HIRE Vets Act is an opportunity for Americans to see which companies truly live up to the employ-ment promises they make to veterans. It is our duty to ensure veterans are given the benefits and resources they’ve earned through their service to this country, and this includes en-couraging meaningful job opportunities. This bill creates an innovative system to encourage and recognize employers who make veterans a priority in their hiring practices, incentivizing the creation of thousands of jobs for veterans. 
f 
HONORING ANGELA PEATMAN 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to honor Angela Peatman, an out-standing member of the Napa Valley commu-nity and my dear friend, on the occasion of her 80th birthday. 
Born on July 30, 1935, Ms. Peatman has 
been a dedicated public servant, a devoted mother, and a tireless advocate for families in the Napa Valley. She began her public service at the Cope Family Resource Center in Napa, where she served as a board member and later as president. Ms. Peatman flourished in her role at the nonprofit organization, where she cherished the opportunity to work directly 
with her local community. 
Ms. Peatman also served as a founding 
board member and president of the Puertas Abiertas Community Resource Center. Found-ed in 2005, the Center offers educational pro-grams and advocacy services to support per-sonal growth and family stability in the Latino community throughout Napa County. The or-ganization also works to bridge the gap be-tween service providers and the Latino com-munity by providing culturally sensitive intake and referral services for over 500 families every year. 
In 2010, Ms. Peatman was named ‘‘Citizen 
of the Year’’ by the Napa Chamber of Com-merce in recognition for her years of service to the valley’s community. She was also named ‘‘Associate’’ by her alma mater, Stanford Uni-versity. This prestigious title is given to a se-lect few alumni who have demonstrated sig-nificant volunteer service to the university. 
Mr. Speaker, it is appropriate that we recog-
nize Ms. Peatman on the occasion of her 80th birthday for her years of valued service to the Napa Valley community. We wish her a very happy birthday and many years of health and happiness. 
f 
HONORING THE 75TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE CITY OF SOUTH TUCSON 
HON. RAU´L M. GRIJALVA 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
honor of the 75th Anniversary of the City of South Tucson, a community known for the re-siliency, determination, and independence of its residents. 
As a native of Tucson, Arizona, I am privi-
leged to represent the City of South Tucson in the United States Congress. The support and loyalty I have received from the residents of South Tucson during my entire public life is a great honor for me personally. 
Over 6,000 people and 300 businesses call 
the City of South Tucson home. This square mile city incorporated by its residents, rather than losing its identity to the City of Tucson, continues after 75 years to assert its inde-pendence and be the unique and proud com-munity it has always been through its history. 
South Tucson is about family and commu-
nity, offering to the much larger metropolis of Tucson a view of our past and a dynamic view of what a community can do to retain its char-acter while looking forward. 
South Tucson boasts the best Mexican cui-
sine found anywhere; Las Artes, a model for integrating public art and education; and public services from the state of the art San Lena li-brary to excellent public schools Ochoa and Mission View. South Tucson has a sophisti-cated network of social service providers and City of South Tucson first responders who place the safety of their residents first. 
The greatest asset that the City of South 
Tucson has is its people, a diverse group rep-resenting Native-Americans, African-Ameri-cans, and Anglos, and families that have con-tributed so much to the region. 
From South Tucson have come generations 
of political leaders, tradesmen, educators, decorated war veterans, business leaders, civil 
leaders, and so many hardworking people whose dignity and determination better us all. 
Like all small towns and cities in America, 
the City of South Tucson faces challenges, but the drive to meet those challenges and pros-per for the next 75 years is without a doubt the city’s future. 
I wish to congratulate the Mayor and Coun-
cil of the City of South Tucson and the resi-dents of the city on its 75th anniversary. The commemoration ceremony on September 19, 2015 at the Music and Arts Festival will be a day in which we pause and acknowledge the history, achievements, and the future of the City of South Tucson. Congratulations to South Tucson. 
f 
NICK BERARDINO’S RETIREMENT 
HON. LORETTA SANCHEZ 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California. Mr. 
Speaker, I rise today to honor the accomplish-ments and contributions of Nick Berardino, the General Manager of Orange County Employ-ees Association. 
Born and raised in Los Angeles to Italian 
immigrants, Nick is a Marine Veteran and served our country for two years in Vietnam. 
He became active in the civil rights move-
ment, the first of what would become a lifetime of commitment to those who are oppressed or discriminated against. 
I have known Nick for years and he always 
looked for doing the best for his organization and the people he represented. 
From pension reform to workplace rights, he 
has led OCEA through a series of monu-mental achievements for the working men and women he represented. 
I am honored to recognize Nick Berardino’s 
distinguished career of exemplary service and leadership in strengthening the middle class, fighting for social justice and dignified working conditions for 18,000 public employees and in-stilling integrity at the Orange County Employ-ees Association. 
f 
HONORING MR. ART COVIELLO 
HON. C. A. DUTCH RUPPERSBERGER 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. RUPPERSBERGER. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
before you today to honor Mr. Art Coviello, an international expert on cybersecurity, on the occasion of his retirement after more than 30 years as a strategic, operating and financial- management expert in high-technology com-panies. 
Mr. Coviello graduated magna cum laude 
from the University of Massachusetts in 1975 with a Bachelor’s Degree in Business Adminis-tration. He started his career as a certified public accountant at Deloitte, Haskins & Sells and held positions in financial and operating management at several technology compa-nies. 
He joined RSA, the Security Division of 
EMC, in 1995 and was the driving force in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:33 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29JY8.013 E29JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1168 July 29, 2015 
company’s rapid growth during his tenure, in-
creasing revenue from $25 million to more than $1 billion in 2014. Under his leadership, RSA evolved from its roots in authentication and encryption to a leader in security tech-nology, including forensics, compliance and detection. Among his many acquisitions, Mr. Coviello played a key role in the successful acquisitions of Xcert International, 3G Inter-national, TransIndigo and Securant Tech-nologies, and in strategic partnerships with Microsoft and Accenture. He retires as Execu-tive Chairman. 
While his well-deserved awards and acco-
lades are too numerous to mention in their en-tirety, Mr. Coviello in 2013 was named a ‘‘Top 25 Innovator’’ by CRN. He has served as co- chair of the National Cyber Security Summit’s Corporate Governance Task Force, a public- private effort organized by the Department of Homeland Security and leading industry asso-ciations. He is a founding Board Member of the Cyber Security Industry Alliance. 
In his retirement, Mr. Coviello works with 
companies, industries, and governments to continue informing and shaping the evolution of security strategy to meet the challenges facing organizations today and tomorrow. He continues to play key roles in national and international cyber-security initiatives and is a regular speaker at conferences and forums around the world. Mr. Coviello is also a ven-ture partner at Rally Ventures, a Board Ob-server for Synchrony Financial, and serves on the Board of Directors at EnerNOC. 
Mr. Speaker, I have considered Mr. Coviello 
a friend and colleague for many years. I know him to be a man of intellect and, more impor-
tantly, integrity. His expertise has made our country stronger. It is with great pride that I congratulate him on his retirement and wish him continued success and happiness in the next chapter of his life. 
f 
VIDEOS ABOUT PLANNED PARENT-
HOOD ARE GROSSLY MIS-LEADING 
HON. ZOE LOFGREN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I wish to 
share with my colleagues and the American public this insightful editorial from the San Jose Mercury News, ‘‘Videos about Planned Parenthood are grossly misleading.’’ This edi-torial clearly lays out how the Republican Par-ty’s embrace of this video ‘‘expose ´’’ is really 
just a continuation of their War on Women, in particular low-income women. 
Anyone with half a brain can see through 
the heavily edited ‘‘gotcha’’ videos pur-porting to show Planned Parenthood officials illegally bargaining to sell tissue from abort-ed fetuses. The videos are grossly misleading and politically irresponsible. 
The research that fetal tissue makes pos-
sible at respected universities across the country has produced vaccines that have saved millions of lives and now targets Alz-heimer’s, Parkinson’s and other fatal, heart-breaking diseases. Planned Parenthood does not profit from it. But Republicans in Con-gress and in the presidential free-for-all are having a field day with ‘‘facts’’ from Fox News. 
California Attorney General Kamala Har-
ris fortunately is investigating the videos’ producers, the so-called Center for Medical 
Progress, which may have broken federal and California law in the scheme to bring down Planned Parenthood. As an example, one of the interviews of a California doctor may have been recorded without her consent. 
U.S. Rep. Zoe Lofgren of San Jose is push-
ing U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch to investigate as well. The organization has tax-exempt status as a biomedical charity but appears to be a fake limited liability cor-poration. 
It has never been a secret that Planned 
Parenthood and many other clinics collect tissue for research. The unedited videos show repeated attempts by Planned Parenthood doctors to explain that they’re only trying to recoup costs for their work. Planned Par-enthood likely loses money on the whole thing, but the numbers are a tiny part of its budget. 
Republicans in the House and the Senate 
shamelessly are using this supposed expose ´ 
to argue that Congress should defund Planned Parenthood. 
And so the War on Women continues. Planned Parenthood and its 800 clinics pro-
vide health care, particularly family plan-ning, for nearly 3 million low income women a year. It receives more than $500 million in government funding, but not a penny of that pays for abortions—which make up just 3 percent of the organization’s work. Cutting Planned Parenthood funding means cutting health care to poor women, period. 
Scientists using cultures from fetal kidney 
cells won the Nobel Prize for Medicine in 1954 for developing the polio vaccine. Fetal tissue research helped produce vaccines for chicken pox and rubella. These advances alone have saved countless millions of lives, particu-larly children’s. 
The National Institutes of Health spent 
more than $70 million on fetal research in 2014, tackling diseases such as Parkinson’s and Alzheimer’s. Stem cell research is gradu-ally replacing fetal tissue research, but we can’t afford to stop work on these diseases while alternative methods ramp up. 
More tapes are expected this week, includ-
ing possibly showing the process of tissue re-moval. It’s ugly to watch, but so are most significant surgical procedures. 
The core political issue here is abortion. 
The Center for Medical Progress and many Republican officials and candidates want to eliminate the right of American women to choose to end a pregnancy. 
In fact Planned Parenthood has done more 
to prevent abortion than any other organiza-tion in this country by giving poor women access to birth control and to prenatal care to have healthy babies. It continues to pro-vide safe abortions because refusing will not stop abortion, it will just drive women to un-safe alternatives. (Speaking of ugly proce-dures.) 
Women’s ability to control their own re-
productive future is the best way to prevent abortion. A Congress really concerned about women and unborn children would give more, not less, to Planned Parenthood. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MASHAL HUSAIN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Mashal Husain for being named a 2015 Woman of In-fluence honoree by the award-winning central Iowa publication, the Des Moines Business Record. Since 2000, the Des Moines Business 
Record has undertaken an exhaustive annual review to identify a standout group of female leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities ei-ther personally or professionally, forging a path for other women to follow. The women given this prestigious award are individuals who have selflessly dedicated their time and proven their leadership abilities across a vari-ety of professional fields. 
Before moving to the United States, Ms. 
Husain was raised all across the globe starting in Pakistan, then Tanzania, followed by Thai-land and finally the Philippines. Once in the United States she earned her BA studying psychology and Spanish at the University of Texas at Austin, and she didn’t stop there. She moved on to Cornell University where she earned a Master’s in Healthcare Administra-tion. Shortly after, Ms. Husain finished a post- graduate Fellowship at the Northwestern Me-morial Hospital in Chicago. 
Throughout her life Ms. Husain has taken 
on a variety of leadership roles, not only in the professional world at businesses, like Iowa Health Systems and Principal Financial Group, but also at a number of philanthropic organiza-tions, like the United Way of Central Iowa and Habitat for Humanity. She is a member of the Board of Directors at both organizations. Now, as Vice President of The World Food Prize Foundation, Ms. Husain serves an integral role in the growth and development of a number of programs within the World Food Prize Foun-dation. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-
resent leaders like Ms. Husain in the United States Congress. It is with great pride that I recognize and applaud her for utilizing her tal-ents to better her community and the State of Iowa. I invite my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in congratulating her on receiving this esteemed designation, and wishing her the best of luck in all her future endeavors. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE GARAZI 
FAMILY 
HON. ILEANA ROS-LEHTINEN 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I would 
like to honor the continued efforts of a local family in my congressional district who have made extraordinary efforts to improve the lives of our elderly. In a few short weeks, the Garazi family will hold its 5th Annual Solomon Garazi Memorial Day at the Races to benefit the Miami Jewish Health Systems, otherwise known as the Jewish Home. The Jewish Home is a great South Florida institution that has done, and continues to do, so much to im-prove quality of life for seniors. 
Solomon Garazi, who passed away in 2010 
at the age of 85, was known for his honor, in-tegrity, and strong spirit. In 1960, the Garazis fled the brutal Castro regime and sought ref-uge in Miami, where Solomon and his in-laws founded two businesses—the Suave Shoe Corporation and the Oriental Trading Com-pany. Suave later became the first company owned by Cuban refugees to be listed on the New York Stock Exchange. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:33 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29JY8.017 E29JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1169 July 29, 2015 
Solomon was a very prominent member of 
the Jewish Community. He was one of the founders and a president of Temple Moses. He served on the Board of Directors of the Mi-chael-Ann Russell Jewish Community Center, and was the first Cuban American to be on the board of the Greater Miami Jewish Fed-eration. He also helped establish the Sephar-dic Jewish Studies Program at the University of Miami. 
Additionally, Solomon was extensively in-
volved with the Miami Jewish Health Systems. In 2009 the Jewish Home’s Latin Auxiliary, which Solomon helped organize in 1980, be-stowed upon him its Lifetime Achievement Award for all his work on behalf of the institu-tion. The Miami Jewish Health Systems serves more than 12,000 patients, participants and residents annually, through more than a dozen varied healthcare programs and services. Its services include rehabilitation assistance, reli-gious programming, and full residential care. It also is at the forefront of innovative research into dementia and other geriatric conditions. Currently, The Mental Health and Memory Center at Miami Jewish Health Systems is running an innovative clinical trial to evaluate medications to treat and potentially cure Alz-heimer’s. 
The Solomon Garazi Memorial Day will di-
rectly support the maintenance and the expan-sion of the Jewish Home’s Latin Auxiliary Music Therapy Program. The program offers a full-time board-certified music therapist, musi-cal instruments, and a wide range of music media, recordings, equipment and resources. 
Through musical involvement in a thera-
peutic context, individuals’ physical, emotional, cognitive, and social needs can be addressed from a unique angle. The music serves as a powerful medium, helping them express them-selves in ways words do not allow them to. It opens up a new world of language for them, one that is not bound by the need for precise articulation. The sense of empowerment that this therapy fosters improves lives. 
I commend the Garazi family—Esther 
Garazi, Isaac and Anita Garazi, Blanca and Richard Schoonover, and their families—as well as everyone else involved with the Day at the Races, for their work in putting this event together year after year. Thank you for sup-porting a pillar of our South Florida commu-nity. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LUCILLE ROYBAL-ALLARD 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Speaker, I was 
attending funeral services in my state and was not present for three roll call votes on Monday, July 27, 2015. Had I been present, I would have voted in this manner: 
Roll Call Vote # 467—Need Based Edu-
cation Aid Act of 2015—Yes. 
Roll Call Vote # 468—Secret Service Im-
provements Act of 2015—Yes. 
Roll Call Vote # 469—Keeping Our Trav-
elers Safe and Secure Act—Yes. H.R. 1734—IMPROVING COAL COM-
BUSTION RESIDUALS REGULA-TION ACT OF 2015 
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, last week, 
I voted against H.R. 1734, the Improving Coal Combustion Residuals Regulation Act of 2015. This dangerous and unnecessary legislation not only fails to improve coal ash regulation, it seriously undermines the EPA’s efforts to reg-ulate coal combustion waste to protect human health and the environment. 
Coal ash, the waste produced from the 
burning of coal, contains toxic materials such as arsenic, lead and chromium. According to the EPA, in 2012, coal-fired power plants in the U.S. generated 110 million tons of coal ash. The improper or unsafe disposal of coal ash can lead to catastrophic releases of toxins if a failure occurs at the disposal site or, as is more commonly the case, contaminants slowly leach into groundwater and drinking water sources. We have known for some time of the need to regulate the disposal of coal ash and after several years, extensive consultation, and over 450,000 public comments, the EPA published a final, comprehensive rule to estab-lish national criteria for the disposal of coal ash on April 17, 2015. 
H.R. 1734 is an attempt to gut the EPA’s 
final rule before it even has the chance to go into effect. The bill would eliminate restrictions for how close existing surface impoundments can be to drinking water sources and would eliminate liner requirements for existing sur-face impoundments. It authorizes states to im-plement coal ash management permitting pro-grams, but these programs do not need to meet national standards. In short, it eliminates, delays or weakens environmental protections and threatens health and public safety. 
There is no greater public need than access 
to clean and safe drinking water. I strongly op-pose this legislation because it undercuts na-tional protections and undoes important regu-lations to safeguard drinking water sources. We must use our legislative prerogative to protect public health and safety and not in a manner that poses risks to our communities and our environment as H.R. 1734 would do. 
f 
IN GRATITUDE OF DWIGHT SUL-
LIVAN AND HIS YEARS OF SERV-ICE TO THE HOUSE OF REP-RESENTATIVES 
HON. JOHN CONYERS, JR. 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I would like to 
take this opportunity to thank Dwight Sullivan for twenty years of outstanding service to the House of Representatives, including eight years as a Professional Staffer with the House Judiciary Committee Democrats. 
Dwight will be retiring this month and he will 
be missed by all who know him. I want to es-pecially thank Dwight for his extraordinary work to provide high level communications services to the staff and Members of the Com-mittee; developing and maintaining methods to 
process, manage and store communications data for the office; trouble shooting computer problems and recommending updated and cost effective resources; helping make the Ju-diciary Committee web site the envy of Capitol Hill; and serving as a liaison between the Judi-ciary Committee Democrats and House Infor-mation Resources (HIR). 
Dwight is a native of North Carolina, where 
he received his degree from Johnson C. Smith University, and where he met his wife of forty- four years, Cheryl Sullivan. He still calls the Tar Heel state home, and spends his vaca-tions there playing golf. In fact, those who know Dwight know that while his first love may be politics, golf is a close second. From Myrtle Beach to Boca Raton to Pinehurst, his love of golf has become legendary on Capitol Hill, where he has inspired many others to take up the game and shoot for par. 
A former project manager for IBM, Dwight 
began his Capitol Hill career in the office of my friend and former colleague, Congressman Melvin Watt (retired), and later honed his craft at HIR, before joining the House Judiciary Committee staff in 2007. 
Dwight will be missed for his ability to use 
good judgement to solve problems, for meet-ing technology challenges and keeping staff up to date on the latest and most effective ap-proaches to keep communicating the work of the Committee. He will be missed as well for his wit, good humor, and loyalty. We wish him the best of luck in his retirement and extend to him and his family our deepest gratitude. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MAJOR 
GENERAL NATHANAEL GREENE 
HON. PATRICK MEEHAN 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
pay tribute to Major General Nathanael Greene, a highly decorated officer in the Con-tinental Army and leader in the fight for inde-pendence during the Revolutionary War. 
Born August 7, 1742 in Rhode Island to 
humble beginnings, Nathanael Greene com-mitted his life to public service. He first an-swered this call when he served as a member of the Rhode Island General Assembly. As a supporter of the Patriot cause, Nathanael Greene helped form a local militia called the Kentish Guards. Although he was unable to become an officer due to a handicap, he vol-unteered as a private. He saw action in many significant engagements, including Trenton, Brandywine, Germantown and Princeton. Greene’s talent allowed him to rise through the ranks, becoming first a Brigadier General 
and then a Major General—the only one to serve as a general for the entire eight year war for independence besides George Wash-ington. Major General Greene led the Conti-nental troops in the South and helped pave the way for Lord Cornwallis’s surrender at Yorktown. 
The General Society Sons of the Revolution 
will be designating August 7, 2015 as a Day of Honor for Major General Nathanael Greene. On this day a monument will be dedicated to Greene in Valley Forge National Historic Park. His statue will forever stand there as a re-minder of his service to our country during the battle for independence. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:33 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29JY8.020 E29JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1170 July 29, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, the United States of America 
and the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania owe a great debt of gratitude to Major General Na-thanael Greene. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. PETER J. ROSKAM 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, on roll call no. 
468. 
My flight was delayed due to weather. Had I been present, I would have voted 
Aye. 
f 
60TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE CITY 
OF MADISON HEIGHTS, MICHIGAN 
HON. SANDER M. LEVIN 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
commemorate the City of Madison Heights, Michigan, as it celebrates its 60th anniversary this year. The City of Madison Heights was in-corporated in 1955, and currently has a popu-lation 29,694 people. 
I have had the pleasure of representing the 
City of Madison Heights, centrally located in the 9th Congressional District, in Congress for the past thirty-two years. From walking in the annual Memorial Day parade to attending nu-merous events in the schools, important projects like the 12 Town Drains, now known as George W. Kuhn Retention Treatment Basin and the formation of the Madison Heights Community Family Coalition to com-bat youth substance abuse I enjoy working in this community. 
Known as the ‘‘City of Progress’’ Madison 
Heights residents have always prided them-selves on a high level of community spirit, vol-unteerism, having top-notch city services, a rich heritage, and being known as a warm and family-oriented community. After sixty years of growth and change, the city remains em-bodied in that local spirit. 
Madison Heights originated from pioneering 
families, such as the Lamphere Family, who gave the community land in 1888 for the school house at 13 Mile and John R, and the Kendal family who donated their land in 1926 when the school was moved. Later, farm fami-lies came to Madison Heights in the early 1900s from other countries for the opportunity to start fresh and be self-sufficient, farming their land and often working to buy it. These families gave rise to the life and hope of the community that became Madison Heights. 
Today Madison Heights residents take ad-
vantage of the city’s 13 parks covering over 140 acres; numerous recreational opportuni-ties including a golf course, wave pool and water park, soccer complex, baseball complex, Friendship Woods and nature center, wooded walking trails, sledding hill, bowling lanes, dog park, public library and Heritage Rooms Mu-seum. Residents also benefit from popular community events including a spring 5K run, Art Challenge and Art Exhibit, the annual Fes-tival in the Park with fireworks, Memorial Day parade, Afterglow Car Show in conjunction 
with the Woodward Dream Cruise, fall Nature Center Open House, and Tree Lighting. 
While auto-related manufacturing remains 
an important component of Madison Heights economy, Madison Heights is quickly devel-oping a multifaceted economy, attracting emerging industries such as defense and aerospace—Navistar Defense and lonBond to name a few. The University of Michigan re-cently awarded Madison Heights with an eCities 5-Star Rating and ‘‘Best Practice Com-munity’’ for the City’s Economic Development programs. Madison Heights is proud to now host over 100 major high-tech companies within its borders. 
As the City of Madison Heights celebrates 
this milestone, I ask all my colleagues to join me in congratulating its residents, elected offi-cials, and businesses as they celebrate their history, preserve their rich local heritage, and look forward to growth and prosperity in the future. 
f 
CONGRATULATING JESSICA 
CAVINESS FOR RECEIVING THE PRESIDENTIAL AWARD FOR EX-CELLENCE IN MATHEMATICS AND SCIENCE TEACHING 
HON. KENNY MARCHANT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
in recognition of Jessica Caviness, a teacher in my district at Coppell High School of Coppell, Texas. Jessica was recently selected to receive the Presidential Award for Excel-lence in Mathematics and Science Teaching (PAEMST), along with 107 other teachers from all 50 states. Each recipient receives an award from the National Science Foundation and is invited to an awards ceremony in Washington, D.C. This award is given out an-nually to outstanding K–12 science and math-ematics teachers from across the country. The winners are selected by a panel of distin-guished scientists, mathematicians, and edu-cators following an initial selection process done at the state level. 
Ms. Caviness, a graduate of Stephen F. 
Austin State University, has just completed her 11th year in Coppell, where she teaches Ge-ometry and Algebra II. Jessica routinely cre-ates innovative and transformative learning ex-periences for her students. Most notably, Jes-sica excels in utilizing technology in the class-room, where her classes have utilized Skype, Twitter, and the iPads distributed through Coppell Independent School District’s 1:1 iPad initiative. Jessica’s work has not gone unno-ticed, as she has presented at conferences at the local, state, and even national level. Her ability to integrate Twitter into the learning ex-perience has also been featured in an article for November Learning, which profiled specific ways that Ms. Caviness was able to effectively engage students outside the classroom in a way that supplemented classroom material. 
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the 24th Congres-
sional District of Texas, I ask all my distin-guished colleagues to join me in honoring Jes-sica Caviness for receiving the Presidential Award for Excellence in Mathematics and Science Teaching. I wish her and all her stu-dents continued success in the classroom and 
beyond. 
f 
MITSUBISHI CORPORATION’S 
APOLOGY TO AMERICAN WWII PRISONERS OF WAR 
HON. LOIS CAPPS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor my constituent, a member of our great-est generation from Santa Maria, California, James T. Murphy. On Sunday, July 19th, 2015, at the age of 94, Mr. Murphy had the historic honor of being offered the first Japa-nese corporate apology for his forced labor as an American prisoner of war (POW) in Japan during World War II. 
During World War II, Mitsubishi Mining 
Company Ltd. used the labor of over 900 Americans in four of its coal and copper mines on mainland Japan. Mr. Murphy, one of the last surviving American former POWs to have worked as a slave laborer in one of these mines, graciously accepted an apology from the Mitsubishi Materials Corporation, the suc-cessor of Mitsubishi Mining Company, on be-half of his fellow veterans. 
A Texas native, Mr. Murphy fought in the 
Philippines with the U.S. Army Air Corps be-ginning with the bombing of Nichols Field on December 8, 1941 until surrender in Bataan on April 9, 1942. He endured the Bataan Death March and a ‘‘Hell ship’’ to Japan. Dur-ing the war, Imperial Japan assigned over 13,000 Americans to work in corporate mines, factories, and docks to support the war effort. Mr. Murphy was assigned to POW Camp Sendai #6–B and forced to mine copper at Mitsubishi’s Osarizawa mine near the town of Hanawa in Sendai, Japan. 
After liberation, he continued to serve with 
the then-new U.S. Air Force and retired in 1962 after a 23-year career. Captain Murphy later moved to my district in California, work-ing as a civilian contractor with Lockheed Mis-sile & Space Company at Vandenberg Air Force Base and finally retiring in 1986 to Santa Maria. 
On July 19th 2015 Mr. Hikaru Kimura, a 
Senior Corporate Executive of Mitsubishi Ma-terials Corporation and Senior General Man-ager of Global Business Management at the Paint Finishing System Division of Taikisha Ltd, delivered to him the official apology at a ceremony held at the Museum of Tolerance in Los Angeles. 
Mr. Murphy responded, ‘‘it is a glorious 
day.’’ He continued, ‘‘For 70 years, we wanted such action. Today we have it so I’m elated over that, and I hope this historical occasion just spreads out through the world and helps mankind.’’ 
And it is with grateful recognition for all our 
veterans swept up in the Pacific battles of the first months of World War II, many of whom became POWs of Imperial Japan, that I insert both Mitsubishi Materials’ historic apology statement and Captain Murphy’s acceptance. 
Remembering the stories of these POWs 
both in Japan and in the United States is im-portant for history, for the U.S.-Japan relation-ship, and for all those who care about peace. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:33 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY8.024 E29JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1171 July 29, 2015 
STATEMENT OF JAMES T . MURPHY , IN RESPONSE  
TO MITSUBISHI APOLOGY TO WWII POWS , DE-
LIVERED AT THE MUSEUM OF TOLERANCE , 
SIMON WIESENTHAL CENTER —LOS ANGELES , 
CA, JULY 19 , 2015 
This is a great day to be here at the Mu-
seum of Tolerance because at this place and at this time, history will truly be made. 
We have just heard Mitsubishi’s [Materials 
Corporation] representative, Mr. [Hikaru] Kimura, present a stirring, heartfelt, warm and sincere apology to former U.S. Prisoners of War who were forced to work for Mitsubishi Mining during World War II. 
His apology meets all the criteria nec-
essary to satisfy the elements of an accept-able apology. It admits to wrongdoing, it makes sincere statements showing a deep re-morse for the wrongdoing and it assures that the wrongdoing will not recur. 
As a former Prisoner of War of the Japa-
nese Imperial Armed Forces who was forced to work at the Mitsubishi [Osarizawa] copper mine near Hanawa, Japan during part of 1944 and part of 1945 and being one of the few sur-viving workers of that time, I find it to be my duty and responsibility to accept Mr. Kimura’s apology! 
Hopefully, the acceptance of this sincere 
apology will bring some closure and relief to the age-old problems confronting the sur-viving former Prisoners of War and to their family members. 
Additionally, even though the Japanese 
people and the American people have a long- standing friendly relationship, the action that we are taking today will further en-hance, expand and assure an enduring trust and friendship benefitting both nations. 
Furthermore, I join others in this group 
who foster the idea of encouraging the doz-ens of other Japanese companies who used forced labor by the Allied Prisoners of War to offset their workforce shortage to follow Mitsubishi Materials’ progressive leadership. 
Solving this long overdue problem would 
permit the companies and their former la-borers to look forward to a better future rather than continue to look backward to their differences. Such actions would have positive results for both of our nations by strengthening our trust, confidence and friendship. 
Perhaps other nations with similar prob-
lems will follow our example here today with similar actions. Such actions would result in the betterment to all mankind. 
Mr. Kimura, we thank you and the other 
members of your team for your hard work and long hours spent formulating and pre-senting Mitsubishi Materials’ apology. 
STATEMENT BY MITSUBISHI MATERIALS COR -
PORATION , SENIOR EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
HIKARU KIMURA IN THE MEETING WITH A  
FORMER AMERICAN POW AND FAMILIES OF  
FORMER POWS  
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, 
speaking on behalf of Mitsubishi Materials, thank you very much for this opportunity to meet with you today at the Museum of Tol-erance. 
Mitsubishi Mining Company Limited, the 
predecessor of Mitsubishi Materials, was en-gaged in coal and metal mining during World War II. As the war intensified, prisoners of war were placed in a wide range of industries to offset labor shortages. As part of this, close to 900 American POWs were allocated to four mines operated by Mitsubishi Mining in Japan. 
I joined Mitsubishi Materials as a postwar 
baby-boomer and have worked in the com-pany for 34 years. I have read the memoirs of Mr. James Murphy, who is present here at this ceremony, and those of other former POWs, as well as records of court trials. Through these accounts, I have learned about the terrible pain that POWs experi-
enced in the mines of Mitsubishi Mining. 
The POWs, many of whom were suffering 
from disease and injury, were subjected to hard labor, including during freezing win-ters, working without sufficient food, water, medical treatment or sanitation. When we think of their harsh lives in the mines, we cannot help feeling deep remorse. 
I would like to express our deepest sense of 
ethical responsibility for the tragic experi-ences of all U.S. POWs, including Mr. James Murphy, who were forced to work under harsh conditions in the mines of the former Mitsubishi Mining. 
On behalf of Mitsubishi Materials. I offer 
our sincerest apology. 
I also extend our deepest condolence to 
their fellow U.S. POWs who worked along-side them but have since passed away. 
To the bereaved families who are present 
at this ceremony, I also offer our most re-morseful apology. 
This cannot happen again, and of course, 
Mitsubishi Materials intends to never let this happen again. 
We now have a clear corporate mission of 
working for the benefit of all people, all soci-eties and indeed the entire globe. Respecting the basic human rights of all people is a core principle of Mitsubishi Materials, and we will continue to strongly adhere to this prin-ciple. 
Our management team wishes for the 
health and happiness of our employees every day, and we ask that all of them work not only diligently, but also with a sense of eth-ics. 
Mitsubishi Materials supplies general ma-
terials that enrich people’s lives, from ce-ment to cellphone components and auto parts, all of which are closely related to peo-ple’s lives. We also place a strong emphasis on recycling for more sustainable societies, such as recovering valuable metals from used electrical appliances and other scrapped ma-terials. 
Here in the United States, we have plants 
for cement and ready-mixed concrete, and a sales headquarters for our advanced mate-rials and tools business, all in California, as well as a polysilicon plant in Alabama. We believe that our company provides fulfilling jobs for local employees and contributes to host communities through its business. 
The American Defenders of Bataan & Cor-
regidor Museum in Wellsburg, West Virginia archives extensive records and memorabilia of POWs. These records and memorabilia will be handed down to future generations for educational purposes. 
I will visit the museum the day after to-
morrow to view the exhibits and visualize how POWs were forced to work under harsh conditions. For now, however, I am pleased to announce that Mitsubishi Materials has donated 50,000 US dollars to the museum to support its activities. 
Finally, I sincerely thank Ms. Kinue 
Tokudome and the members of the American Defenders of Bataan & Corregidor Memorial Society for creating this opportunity to meet with you today. I also express my sin-cere thanks to Rabbi Abraham Cooper for of-fering the Museum of Tolerance as a venue for the ceremony. And I express my deep gratitude to all others involved in arranging this gathering. 
I would also like to thank the family mem-
bers of a non-U.S. POW [Mr. Stanley Gibson from Scotland, whose father also was a slave laborer in the Mitsubishi Osarizawa mine] who have come from very far away to attend this ceremony. 
I truly hope that this gathering marks the 
starting point of a new relationship between former POWs and Mitsubishi Materials. 
Thank you very much. HONORING CARMEN ‘‘DOLLY’’ 
VAZQUEZ FOR HER YEARS OF SERVICE TO WORCESTER COUN-TY AND CONGRATULATING HER ON HER RETIREMENT 
HON. JAMES P. McGOVERN 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to honor Carmen ‘‘Dolly’’ Vazquez. Next month Dolly will retire from Centro Las Amer-icas after 23 years of service to the Latino community in Worcester County. 
Dolly was born and raised in Bayamon, 
Puerto Rico. She came to Central Massachu-setts from San Francisco, California and began her cultural involvement in Worcester by volunteering at WCUW community radio station. At WCUW, she hosted a bi-weekly radio show, Herencia Puertoriquen ˜a for 13 
years. 
Dolly was first hired in 1993 by Centro Las 
Americas to help manage their Latin American Festival, and she was later asked to head the organization’s new Cultural Department. 
Since that Dolly has co-produced the annual 
Latin American Festival, the annual Latino Film Festival and the biennial Viva El Arte art show, among other endeavors. 
Dolly has been an active member of our 
community through her involvement with His-panics Achieving and Celebrating Excellence of QCC, and Latino Dollars for Scholars. She is also an incorporator of the Worcester Art Museum, YWCA, the Joy of Music Program, and the Worcester Historical Museum. For eleven years she also served as board mem-ber of the Mass Cultural Council and is a former board member of You Inc. 
I want to thank Dolly for her years of service 
to Worcester County and I wish her the best of luck in the future. She is a remarkable per-son who has done so much for the commu-nity. I’m also proud to call her a close and treasured friend. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE TENTH 
ANNIVERSARY OF MCABW 
HON. KEVIN BRADY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I stand 
today to honor the 10th anniversary of The Montgomery County Association of Business Women of Montgomery County, Texas. Founded by my good friend Carol Gooch in 2005, the MCABW not only provides a forum for business women to develop and enhance professional and personal relationships with their peers, the group actively works to im-prove Montgomery County. 
After graduating from Leadership Mont-
gomery County in 2003, Carol decided to form a group so that women could network and grow their businesses. The group was one of the first womens’ networking associations in Montgomery County and its success has spurred the creation of many more similar groups. 
In addition to providing an invaluable forum 
for women to network, the group has contin-ued to give back to their community. MCABW 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:33 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29JY8.028 E29JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1172 July 29, 2015 
sponsors college scholarships for women 
graduating high school in Montgomery County and supports members who wish to continue their education. At their inaugural fundraising event this year, the group raised $12,000 which will be used to fund additional scholar-ships and charities. 
Not only does the group mentor women, 
MCABW has helped virtually every non-profit organization in Montgomery County including: Interfaith of the Woodlands, Montgomery County United Way, Children’s Safe Harbor, Humane Society, and the Montgomery County Food Bank, just to name a few. 
While the ranks of MCABW have grown far 
beyond the original 52 members in the ten years since its founding, the mission of the group has continued to focus on a team effort. By working together, the group has grown to the largest nonprofit business women’s net-working association in Montgomery County. Members enjoy monthly coffees, luncheons and evening mixers while continuously men-toring new members who want to start their own business, learn more about networking or social media, or who just want to meet other like-minded women in the community. 
MCABW has helped organize the annual 
WISE (Women Inspiring, Supporting, Empow-ering) Conference. These conferences have given female entrepreneurs access to tremen-dous speakers and learning opportunities while raising money for charity. This year’s WISE Conference has partnered with Rettsyndrome.org to raise funds for research for treatments and a cure for Rett Syndrome. 
The women of MCABW represent all walks 
of life—there are members returning to the world of work, young members who are just starting their careers, and seasoned profes-sionals willing to pass on their wisdom and knowledge. 
Today, I ask all of America to join me in 
congratulating the dynamic Carol Gooch, and all members of the MCABW, on ten years of excellence. I can’t wait to see what the future holds for the Montgomery County Association of Business Women. 
f 
CONGRATULATING PIKE COUNTY 
HON. BRAD R. WENSTRUP 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to congratulate Pike County on their bicenten-nial anniversary and celebration. 
For 200 years Pike County has stood proud-
ly at the heart of Southern Ohio. 
Created by the Ohio General Assembly in 
1815, Pike County was named after American Brigadier General and explorer Zebulon Pike. Over the next 200 years, the people of Pike County have lived up to Pike’s relentless American spirit. 
Throughout its two century-long history, Pike 
County has proudly contributed to the strength, prosperity, and growth of our state and our nation. 
Pike County residents fought and died for 
the United States in defense of this nation since the days of the Civil War. That service continued into the Cold War, where their hard work and industriousness in the heartland pro-vided the nuclear technology and tools that continued to secure our blessings of freedom. Pike County fostered the freedom and eco-
nomic prosperity that are pillars of the Amer-ican Dream, from an active role in the Under-ground Railroad to a key link in the Ohio-Erie Canal that connected commerce across Ohio. 
I am honored to represent Pike County 
today, an area of the state with a rich history and strong community. Again, I congratulate Pike County on this historic milestone and I wish them the best over their next 200 years. 
f 
AGNES FENTON 
HON. BILL PASCRELL, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Agnes Fenton, who will be turning 110 years old this Saturday, August 1, 2015. Mrs. Fenton will be the oldest person living in the City of Englewood, New Jersey. 
Mrs. Fenton was born in 1905 on a farm in 
Mississippi. After her father passed away when she was only an infant, her mother raised her alone. Upon the age of 14, Mrs. Fenton moved to Memphis, Tennessee. 
It was in Memphis where Mrs. Fenton ran a 
restaurant called Pal’s Duck Inn, which spe-cialized in serving southern comfort food. Mrs. Fenton would be one of the first African-Amer-ican women in the city to own and operate a restaurant. The days were long and the work was tiring, as she would often work from 6 a.m. to midnight on a regular basis, but Mrs. Fenton always kept her spirits high. 
During her time running the restaurant, 
Agnes got married to Vincent Fenton. But sadly after contracting pneumonia, Mr. Fenton passed away in 1970. 
Following many years of running her suc-
cessful restaurant, Mrs. Fenton decided to get a new job in the kitchen of an Emerson, New Jersey company, and eventually worked for the Chapman family in nearby Oradell for many years afterwards. It was hard work and self-reliance that forged her into the strong person she has been throughout her life. 
Mrs. Fenton moved to Englewood in the 
early 1950’s. She has resided there ever since, and is known to have a remedy for any health concern that you can think of. She is also well-known for her Lemon Ice Box Pies and Apple Lattice Pies, which she has given to her family and neighbors during the Christ-mas holiday seasons. 
Mrs. Fenton has always made room for God 
in her life, as she has been a member of the St. Mark’s United Methodist Church in New York City since moving to Englewood. Mrs. Fenton was honored to be indoctrinated into the Centenarian Society, where she is an ac-tive participant in the New England Cente-narian Study being conducted by the Boston School of Medicine. Although the study may credit Mrs. Fenton’s 110 years to her genetics, she partly attributes this to her daily regimen of consuming a shot of Johnnie Walker and three Miller High Life’s a day. 
Throughout her entire life, Mrs. Fenton has 
been able to live independently, even through hard times. She continues to cook her own meals and bake for her family and friends dur-ing the holiday season. Mrs. Fenton’s life is one we can all look upon and recognize as one lived through hard work and sacrifice, but most importantly, a life filled with so much 
happiness and love. 
The job of a United States Congressman in-
volves much that is rewarding, yet nothing compares to recognizing and commemorating the life achievements of individuals such as Mrs. Agnes Fenton. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask that you join our col-
leagues, Mrs. Fenton’s family and friends, all those whose lives she has touched, and me, in recognizing the 110th birthday of Mrs. Agnes Fenton. 
f 
CONGRATULATING FRED AND 
BETTY WILLIAMS ON THEIR 70TH WEDDING ANNIVERSARY 
HON. KENNY MARCHANT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to congratulate Fred and Betty Williams, of Carrollton, Texas on achieving this incredible milestone of 70 years of marriage on August 30th, 2015. 
While Fred and Betty both grew up in east 
Texas, they moved to Carrollton after retiring and reside there today. As long time members of the Nazarene Church, serving on the church board and in missions, they are be-loved members of the community and strong role models. It is an honor to be able to call them my constituents and friends. 
In their successful marriage, Fred and Betty 
have been blessed with a family of three chil-dren, eleven grandchildren, and fourteen great-grandchildren. It is my sincere hope that their family may gain much joy and wisdom from Fred and Betty’s wonderful journey to-gether. May their lives and inspiring story pass down through generations to come. 
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the 24th Congres-
sional District of Texas, I ask all my distin-guished colleagues to join me in congratu-lating Fred and Betty Williams on their pros-perous 70th wedding anniversary. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE CENTENNIAL 
ANNIVERSARY OF THE OKALOOSA COUNTY, FLORIDA SHERIFF’S DEPARTMENT 
HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
to recognize the Centennial Anniversary of the Okaloosa County, Florida Sheriff’s Depart-ment. 
As a former Deputy Sheriff, I understand the 
important and sometimes underappreciated role that law enforcement officers play in local communities across the Nation. In Northwest Florida, we are fortunate to have many world- class Sheriff’s Departments and Police Depart-ments that are working each and every day to protect their neighbors and community. For the last 100 years, the Okaloosa County Sher-iff’s Department has served a thriving commu-nity that has grown from a population of less than 10,000 when the department was created to a home for nearly 200,000 people today. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:33 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29JY8.030 E29JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1173 July 29, 2015 
Yet, while the population has increased nearly 
twentyfold over the past century, the Okaloosa County Sheriff’s Department has always upheld their mission to ‘‘ensure fair and equal administration of the law, safeguarding civil lib-erties and preserving public safety and doing so with professionalism and unity of purpose, while being good stewards of the public’s trust.’’ 
From the first Okaloosa County Sheriff, Ben-
jamin Haywood Sutton, who initially funded the department with his own money, through to the current Sheriff, Larry Ashley, 15 different men have served as Sheriff, while countless have joined the force as deputies. Each and every one of those selfless men and women chose to stand up and serve their commu-nities as officers of the law, and while they do not ask for any recognition in return, they cer-tainly deserve our gratitude and thanks. There is no greater honor than to swear an oath to our Constitution to serve and protect the lives of your fellow man at the risk of your own ei-ther at home or abroad, and the Okaloosa 
County Sheriff’s Department has shown over its 100 year history that it is dedicated to serv-ing the people of Okaloosa County. 
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the United States 
Congress, I am proud to recognize the accom-plishments and the service the Okaloosa County Florida Sheriff’s Department has pro-vided to the community over the last 100 years. 
f 
HONORING COMMUNITY ACTION OF 
VENTURA COUNTY 
HON. JULIA BROWNLEY 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Mr. Speaker, 
today I rise to recognize Community Action of Ventura County on the occasion of their 50th anniversary. For five decades, this remarkable organization has promoted economic equality through an array of efforts to combat poverty in Ventura County. 
Community Action of Ventura County was 
established in 1965 under the Economic Op-portunity Act, one of the first federal anti-pov-erty programs in the United States. To this day, the organization’s mission continues to be to serve as an auxiliary to assist poverty- stricken citizens in achieving self-sufficiency. Today, the organization has proven its effec-tiveness by reducing poverty rates across the region, and is a recognized leader among community-based organizations. 
The services that Community Action of Ven-
tura County provides to residents of our com-munity have been invaluable in assisting those who live below the poverty line. Serving ap-proximately 8,000 clients every year through impactful programs, Community Action of Ven-tura County has been instrumental in the effort to reduce poverty and economic inequality in Ventura County. With committed and steadfast board members, staff, and volunteers, all working toward the goal of lifting people out of poverty, this organization positively impacts our community through partnership building and advocacy for measures to help low-in-come individuals and families survive and rise up above poverty. 
In its fifty years of service, Community Ac-
tion of Ventura County has also implemented other important programs such as Los 
Compadres and Successful Living. Los Compadres and Successful Living aim to work with high risk youth by providing mentors and instructional sessions that teach young people to make responsible decisions and achieve economic success. The organization has not only granted financial assistance to the com-munity, they provide resources to those in need to promote upward mobility, be self-suffi-cient, and lead successful lives. 
For these reasons, I am honored to recog-
nize Community Action of Ventura County on their 50th anniversary. It is with sincere grati-tude that I commend Community Action of Ventura County for its continued success and service to our community. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DANNY AND JOYCE 
WESTLAKE 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Danny and Joyce Westlake of Prescott, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 50th wedding anniversary. Danny and Joyce were married on July 10, 1965 in Massena, Iowa. 
Danny and Joyce’s lifelong commitment to 
each other and their children Jeanette, Doug, Paul and Pamela, along with their grand-children and great-grandchildren truly em-bodies our Iowa values. I commend this de-voted couple on their 50th year together and I wish them many more. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating them on this mo-mentous occasion. 
f 
MEDICARE AND MEDICAID 50TH 
ANNIVERSARY 
HON. JOYCE BEATTY 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, in 1965, Presi-
dent Lyndon Johnson signed two important programs into law: Medicare and Medicaid. 
These two critical programs provide Ameri-
cans much needed access to healthcare. 
They were created out of the truth that 
healthcare is a right, not a privilege, and no one should fall into poverty due to a lack of healthcare or treatment. 
Over the last 50 years, Medicare has helped 
millions of American families maintain inde-pendence and security. 
Medicaid provides a health care safety net 
for senior citizens, persons with disabilities, and children and young adults from working families. 
For example, in 2013, in my district, Ohio’s 
third congressional district, 85,313 of the resi-dents received Medicare and 173,991 of the residents received Medicaid. 
That is why I applaud Governor Kasich for 
his decision to expand Medicaid in Ohio. 
Our path forward should build upon Presi-
dent Johnson’s vision by strengthening Medi-care and Medicaid, improving essential bene-fits, and containing costs. By closing the prescription drug ‘‘doughnut 
hole’’ and curtailing waste and fraud, the Af-fordable Care Act lowers costs to beneficiaries and improves benefits. 
There are definitely ways to improve Medi-
care and Medicaid programs, and cut waste, fraud, and abuse. 
But, these changes should not be on the 
backs of our seniors and most vulnerable citi-zens. 
We must work in a bipartisan way to 
strengthen Medicare and Medicaid and ensure enhanced access to affordable, quality healthcare. 
Fifty years later, Medicare and Medicaid 
continue to save lives, help Americans live healthier, and provide the peace of mind that comes with access to healthcare and treat-ment. 
I will continue to support and improve these 
two critical programs that are an integral part of our social safety net. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MR. RANDY SHAW, 
KREM 2 NEWS ANCHOR ON HIS RETIREMENT 
HON. CATHY McMORRIS RODGERS 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to celebrate Mr. Randy Shaw, Spokane’s KREM 2 News anchor for his years of service to Eastern Washington. As a broad-cast journalist, Mr. Shaw has faithfully served Spokane, Washington and the entire Inland Northwest for over thirty-three years. Mr. Shaw is retiring at the end of September and I am pleased to recognize his accomplish-ments and contributions to our great commu-nity in Eastern Washington. 
Throughout his distinguished career, Mr. 
Randy Shaw covered the presidencies of Ger-ald Ford, Jimmy Carter, Ronald Reagan, and George H.W. Bush. Reporting overseas in Asia, Africa, and South America, Mr. Shaw re-ceived more than three dozen journalism awards and brought a wide range of news into the homes of the people of Eastern Wash-ington. 
Making his journalistic debut in newspaper, 
Mr. Shaw transitioned to radio and television where he spent the majority of his career. Dur-ing his time in Spokane, Mr. Shaw was award-ed a Regional Edward R. Murrow award for in-vestigative reporting and the National Associa-tion of Television Arts and Science Silver Cir-cle for his service to our community. 
As the longest serving news anchor in Spo-
kane broadcast history, Mr. Shaw worked dili-gently to ensure that our citizens are well in-formed. Moreover, he also endeavored to serve local causes throughout our community. 
Through the years, Randy supported numer-
ous local charities and fundraising efforts, in-cluding the Inland Northwest Honor Flight, the Alzheimer’s Association, the Children’s Miracle Network, and the American Red Cross. Off camera, Mr. Shaw is an author, explorer, mu-sician, singer and entertainment producer. He integrates these passions into many of his ef-forts. 
I would like to thank Mr. Randy Shaw for his 
years of dedication to Spokane and to the In-land Northwest. I applaud his commitment to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:33 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29JY8.034 E29JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1174 July 29, 2015 
the citizens of Eastern Washington and wish 
him the best of luck in the next chapter of his life. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 51ST PASSAGE 
OF THE ‘‘FOOD STAMP ACT’’ 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize the 51st anniversary of the ‘‘Food Stamp Act’’ of 1964, an act that strengthened the agricultural economy and im-proved levels of nutrition among low income households. 
This impactful legislative achievement was 
passed by the historic 88th Congress of the United States, and signed into law by Presi-dent Lyndon B. Johnson on August 31, 1964. 
During the 1960’s our nation was in the 
midst of the biggest legislative civil rights bat-tle since the ratification of the 14th amend-ment of the Constitution, which addressed citi-zenship rights and equal protection under the law. 
Mr. Speaker, it is difficult to imagine that 
during a time where the country was experi-encing its largest uninterrupted period of eco-nomic expansion, American families were bat-tling a war on poverty. 
Leaders like President Johnson, who him-
self grew up in a poverty stricken family in Stonewall, Texas, had a firsthand account of these struggles that many American families faced on a daily basis. 
President Johnson took action and pursued 
an agenda, which he called ‘‘The Great Soci-ety.’’ 
The ‘‘Food Stamp Act’’ is a legislative vic-
tory for his agenda that benefits those Ameri-cans who are living below the poverty line, by providing a sustainable source of food. 
The impact of this legislation was simple; it 
helped put food on tables. 
In my city of Houston, Texas, Supplemental 
Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) has helped establish nine major Food Banks that serve the city and its citizens with providing the much needed access to nutrition for fami-lies and individuals who otherwise would be unable to afford it without programs created by the ‘‘Food Stamp Act.’’ 
As President Johnson remarked when he 
signed this act that it, ‘‘weds the best of the humanitarian instincts of the American people with the best of the free enterprise system.’’ 
The most important benefactors of this pro-
gram have been the children of this nation. 
The ‘‘Food Stamp Act’’ at the time when it 
was signed into law assisted 17 million chil-dren by giving them access to hot lunches in their schools. 
For many of these children this was the first 
time they had a lunch while at school. 
Mr. Speaker, hunger in our nation does not 
see color or sex or religion. This is a problem that affects us all no matter our background. 
While simultaneously strengthening our mar-
kets for the farmers, the ‘‘Food Stamp Act’’ has immeasurably improved the volume of re-tail food sales in our nation and around the world. 
Our national food abundance should be 
continuously used constructively not only to combat hunger in our communities but also to 
help other nations through trade as well as to assist them in providing lunches for some 40 million school children throughout the devel-oping world. 
Mr. Speaker, this is why I am proud to re-
member the positive impact that the ‘‘Food Stamp Act’’ has had on our communities, and nation as a whole, along with the millions of lives it has improved over the decades. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF WILLIAM 
GRIGGS’ SERVICE AS WYAN-DOTTE CITY CLERK 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize William Griggs for his forty two years of service to the city of Wyandotte. First elected in 1973, Bill is one of the longest serv-ing public officials in the Downriver commu-nities. 
Bill is described by his colleagues as dedi-
cated and kind, and is praised in the commu-nity for the dignity and professionalism he has brought to the clerk’s office. His presence as a leading voice in Wyandotte has been recog-nized by generations of residents, and with the dedication of the City Council chambers in his honor will be recognized by many more. 
Bill has served as a role model in our com-
munity, serving as the director of Wyandotte’s adaptive recreation program and on the Board of Directors for the National Wheelchair Ath-letics Committee. He inspired people with dis-abilities with his participation in the 1968 and 1972 Paralympics Games, and was inducted into the Michigan Athletes with Disabilities Hall of Fame in 2002. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
today to honor William Griggs for his forty two years of service and his lasting impact on the Wyandotte community. I thank him for his leadership, and wish him many years of suc-cess. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MS. JESSICA 
BUTLER 
HON. DAVID G. VALADAO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
thank Jessica Butler for her service to my of-fice and the 21st Congressional District of California over the past two and a half years. 
Ms. Butler was born in Wharton, Texas to 
Robert and Carol Butler and spent her youth in Bay City, Texas with her siblings, Sarah and Sam. After completing her high school education, Ms. Butler studied poultry science and food safety at Texas A&M University and Auburn University. 
After college, Jessica accepted a Fellowship 
with Congressman D
EVIN NUNES through the 
American Association for the Advancement of Science and the Federation of Animal Science Societies. Her work in Mr. N
UNES ’ office led 
her to discover her passion for policy. After completing her fellowship, she joined my office as my Legislative Assistant and became one 
of the few individuals who can say they worked for every Portuguese Republican from California in the House of Representatives. During her time in my office, she handled sev-eral legislative portfolios, including agriculture, energy, healthcare, homeland security, immi-gration, trade, and water. Last year, she was promoted to Legislative Director and handled my work on the Appropriations committee. 
On August 1, 2015, Ms. Butler’s time in my 
office will come to an end. Ms. Butler is return-ing to Texas, where she will marry Mr. Nathan Russell, a nuclear plant operator who has loved her since their freshman year of high school, on September 19, 2015. While I know her family will be happy to have her back in the Lone Star State, she will be greatly missed as a member of my team. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the 
United States House of Representatives to join me in commending Jessica Butler for her public service to the people of the Central Val-ley and wishing her well in this next chapter of her life. 
f 
TO HONOR THE TEXAS JOB CORPS 
GRADUATES 
HON. GENE GREEN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to honor the hard work and dedi-cation of the recent graduates of the Texas Job Corps Centers. 
The four Job Corps centers in Texas have 
served the people of our great state for over 50 years, providing a no-cost education and career technical training program that helps young Texans from ages 16 to 24 improve the quality of their lives through career technical and academic training. 
By graduating from the Job Corps, these 
young men and women have proven that they have skills and determination to succeed and be valuable contributors to communities throughout Texas and the country. 
On behalf of the people of the 29th Con-
gressional District of Texas, I would like to congratulate the 2015 Job Corps graduates of all four centers in our state—David L. Carrasco Job Corps, Gary Job Corps, Laredo Job Corps, and North Texas Job Corps. 
I would also like to recognize the Texas Job 
Corps for their half century of success and say thank you for the service the Job Corps Pro-gram and its graduates have provided to Texas. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE RETIRE-
MENT OF ADMIRAL JAMES A. WINNEFELD, JR. 
HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I 
ask for the House’s attention today to recog-nize Admiral James A. Winnefeld, Jr., who is retiring July 31, 2015, after serving with dis-tinction for more than 37 years, culminating 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:33 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29JY8.038 E29JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1175 July 29, 2015 
his career as Vice Chairman of the Joint 
Chiefs of Staff. 
Throughout his service as a senior military 
leader, Admiral Winnefeld has provided this body, and in particular the House Armed Serv-ices Committee, with invaluable testimony and candid military advice. Over the last four years, Admiral Winnefeld has served as the ninth Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. I think I speak for all of my colleagues on the Armed Services Committee when I say his vast experience, knowledge, outstanding leadership and professionalism combined with his deep respect and consideration for all of our service men and women will be greatly missed. 
During his tenure as Vice Chairman, he pro-
vided military advice to not only the legislative branch, but also to the President of the United States, Secretary of Defense, National Secu-rity Council and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff on a wide range of complex military and national security issues during an extremely challenging period in our country’s history. 
In this challenging fiscal and security envi-
ronment, Admiral Winnefeld helped lead our military through global events and threats to include the Department of Defense’s rebal-ance to the Pacific, Iraq troop withdrawal, Af-ghanistan transition, the global threat of ISIL, instability in Syria and Russia’s provocative actions in Eastern Europe. In addition, the Vice Chairman played key roles in advising our nation’s leaders on and formulating plans for various counterterrorism efforts. 
As Vice Chairman, he led the development 
and implementation of the 2014 Quadrennial Defense Review, an effort that involved thou-sands of senior leadership man-hours. Pivotal to his role as the Vice Chairman he also chaired the Joint Requirements Oversight Council (or JROC), where he worked tirelessly to transform the requirements processes to become more agile, transparent and inclusive. He focused its efforts on the immediate capa-bility needs of the Combatant Commanders and the most pressing military issues of the Joint Warfighter. As co-chair of the Defense Acquisition Board, Admiral Winnefeld worked to link the requirements, resource and acquisi-tion communities in developing programs to deliver appropriate capabilities to the Joint Warfighter at the right time and for the right price. Admiral Winnefeld’s work as a co-chair of the nuclear weapons council ensured our military’s nuclear enterprise and number one priority remained viable and relevant as a stra-tegic deterrent to our nation’s adversaries. 
Admiral Winnefeld graduated from the Geor-
gia Institute of Technology and received his commission from the Navy Reserve Officer Training Corps program. He subsequently served with three fighter squadrons flying the F–14 Tomcat and as an instructor at the Navy Fighter Weapons School. Admiral Winnefeld’s unit commands at sea include Fighter Squad-ron 211, USS Cleveland (LPD 7) and USS En-
terprise (CVN 65). He led ‘‘Big E’’ through her 
18th deployment, which included combat oper-ations in Afghanistan in support of Operation Enduring Freedom immediately after the ter-rorist acts of Sept. 11, 2001. As Commander, Carrier Strike Group TWO/Theodore Roo-sevelt Carrier Strike Group, he led Task Forces 50, 152 and 58 in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom and maritime interception oper-ations in the Arabian Gulf. He also served as Commander, United States SIXTH Fleet, 
Commander NATO Allied Joint Command Lis-bon and Commander Striking and Support Forces NATO. 
His shore tours include service in the Joint 
Staff Operations Directorate (J–3), as Senior Aide to the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and as Executive Assistant to the Vice Chief of Naval Operations. As a flag officer he served ashore as director, Warfare Programs and Transformational Concepts, United States Fleet Forces Command, as Director of Joint Innovation and Experimentation at United States Joint Forces Command and as the Di-rector for Strategic Plans and Policy (J–5) on the Joint Staff. Prior to becoming the Vice Chairman, Admiral Winnefeld served as the Commander of North American Aerospace Defense Command (NORAD) and U.S. North-ern Command (USNORTHCOM). 
As the Commander of NORAD and 
USNORTHCOM, Admiral Winnefeld led his-toric advances in the working relationship be-tween USNORTHCOM, Department of Home-land Security, Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency, Drug Enforcement Administra-tion, Customs and Boarder Protection and the National Guard, specifically with the Dual-Sta-tus Commander concept. In addition, he led the U.S.-Mexican military-to-military relation-ship to a historic level of collaboration and brought very tangible results to our Nations’ important struggle against the fast-growing transnational criminal organizations. Through his distinctive accomplishments, Admiral Winnefeld culminated a long and distinguished career in the service of our nation and his ten-ure leaves a lasting positive legacy to the Armed Forces. I appreciate his extraordinary reflected great credit upon himself, the United States Navy, and the Department of Defense. 
For nearly forty years Admiral Winnefeld 
has performed his duty professionally, hon-estly and with great dedication. Our nation will miss his leadership and expertise. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me in wishing him 
and his family all the best as he moves to the next phase of his life. 
f 
RECOGNIZING COL. CHUCK 
HODGES’ SERVICE TO JOINT BASE LEWIS-M
CCHORD AND THE 
UNITED STATES 
HON. DENNY HECK 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. HECK of Washington. Mr. Speaker, 
today I rise to honor my good friend and Com-mander of Joint Base Lewis-McChord, U.S. Army Colonel Charles Hodges, Jr. 
COL Hodges will leave command next 
month after a tremendously successful three years at JBLM. He has played a critical role in the implementation of joint basing and has proved the success of the program to both the Department of Defense and the Army. In addi-tion, his partnership with the surrounding com-munity is unprecedented. He has strengthened an already robust relationship between the base and community by finding creative solu-tions to issues such as traffic congestion and noise abatement. 
COL Hodges has also been instrumental in 
ensuring our separating troops can pursue job training and career opportunities. He has 
worked to develop resources in the sur-rounding community and at the state and fed-eral levels to provide transition assistance for all veterans. 
The Army will be losing a strong leader 
when COL Hodges retires later this year after a long and impressive career in the Army. He started his service in the summer of 1985 when he enlisted in the Florida National Guard as an 11B Infantryman. After being commis-sioned as an Infantry Officer and Distin-guished Military Graduate from the University of Central Florida (UCF) he completed the In-fantry Officer Basic Course, Airborne School and Ranger School. He was then assigned to Germany and 3–5 Cavalry in the 3rd Armored Division. While there he participated in Oper-ation Desert Shield and Desert Storm. After returning from Germany and completing the required military schooling, he commanded A Company, 1st Battalion, 503rd Infantry (ASSLT) in the Republic of Korea; and Com-pany H, the 3rd U.S. Infantry (The Old Guard) in Arlington, Virginia. 
In 2001–2002, COL Hodges attended the 
Command and General Staff School at Fort Leavenworth and was then assigned to Fort Lewis, where he served as a Battalion Oper-ations Officer and Executive Officer in 1st Bat-talion, 23rd Infantry, (Tomahawks); and as the Operations Officer of 3–2 Stryker Brigade Combat Team. While there, he was part of the team that certified the Army’s first Stryker Bri-gade Combat Team and deployed as part of Operation Iraqi Freedom. 
After promotion to Lieutenant Colonel, he 
served as the Chair of the Military Science Department at Duke University. In 2007, he returned to Fort Lewis and took command of 1st Battalion, 23rd Infantry, 3–2 Stryker Bri-gade Combat Team. He commanded the bat-talion for three years, and he deployed it to participate in Operation Iraqi Freedom. After command, he was selected to serve as the Di-rector of Training, G3, for I Corps. After at-tending the United States Army War College, COL Hodges took command of the newly cre-ated Joint Base Lewis-McChord (JBLM) in Au-gust of 2012. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a pleasure to recognize 
COL Hodges’ successful and decorated ca-reer. I commend him for his service, leader-ship, and dedication. I also wish to recognize the sacrifices and contributions made by his family including his wife Kathy and their chil-dren Shelby and Sam. 
The State of Washington and our country 
owe COL Hodges a debt of gratitude for his work and dedication to our country. We thank him for his service to our country and con-gratulate him as he begins the next chapter of his career. 
f 
COMMENDING UNITED STATES- 
TURKEY MILITARY COOPERATION 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
Mr. Speaker, I was very pleased to hear the announcement made last Thursday that Incirlik Air Base in Turkey will now be made available for both unmanned and manned airstrikes 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:33 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29JY8.043 E29JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1176 July 29, 2015 
against the Islamic State. The announcement 
indicates a substantial increase in cooperation with our longstanding NATO ally, the Republic of Turkey. The enhanced operations will in-clude the direct involvement of the Turkish Air Force in conjunction with our own military. 
In recent days, Islamic State terrorists have 
stepped up their attacks on Turkey. On July 20, a suicide bomber took the lives of 32 inno-cent civilians near a cultural center in Suruc, Turkey. On July 23, a non-commissioned Turkish officer was killed in an armed attack at a military border post at Elbeyli, Turkey. I wish to express my sincere condolences to our friends in Turkey for these losses, which pro-vide further evidence of the barbaric nature of the terrorist forces now dominating much of Syria and Iraq. 
It is more essential than ever that we deep-
en our cooperation with key allies like Turkey as we seek to bring peace and security to a troubled region. I wish to commend the contin-ued cooperative efforts of the military leader-ship in both the United States and the Repub-lic of Turkey. It is essential that this bond be-tween our countries remains strong as we confront this strategic challenge. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO KATIE ROTH 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Katie Roth for being named the 2015 Woman Busi-ness Owner of the Year by the award-winning central Iowa publication, the Des Moines Busi-ness Record. 
Since 2000, the Des Moines Business 
Record has undertaken an exhaustive annual review to identify a group of standout female leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities ei-ther personally or professionally, forging a path for other women to follow. The women given this prestigious award are individuals who have selflessly dedicated their time and proven their leadership abilities across a vari-ety of professional fields. 
Ms. Roth got her start in the news business 
after earning her Bachelor of Arts in Broadcast Journalism from the University of Iowa. With hard work and her natural leadership qualities, Ms. Roth quickly worked her way up in the ranks, until ultimately she decided to open the doors of Portico Staffing. Since founding Por-tico Staffing, Ms. Roth has continued to grow the business through hard work and deter-mination to succeed. 
Ms. Roth has selflessly dedicated her time 
and talents to improving the lives of others. When she isn’t busy expanding the size and scope of her business she invests her time in mentoring others, helping to foster the next generation of Iowa’s leaders. Ms. Roth’s high ethical standards and level of achievement have given her the necessary qualifications to receive this prestigious award. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-
resent leaders like Ms. Roth in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I recognize and applaud her for utilizing her talents to better the State of Iowa. I invite my colleagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives to join me in congratulating her 
on receiving this distinguished award, and wishing her the best of luck in all her future endeavors. 
f 
RECOGNIZING BASF ON THEIR 
150TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize BASF on their 150th Anniversary. Their longevity as a company is a testament to their innovative products, the drive of their leaders, and the hard work of their employees. BASF’s presence in the United States goes back to the 1950s, and today they employ over 15,000 Americans in more than 30 states. They deserve to be commended for this milestone anniversary. 
BASF is a pillar of our community in South-
east Michigan. Specifically, their plant in Wy-andotte, Michigan employs over 1,000 people in good paying, high skilled jobs. Notable is their dedication to community relations and charitable activities. The company played a critical role in the founding of the Detroit River International Wildlife Refuge, the only inter-national wildlife refuge in this country. They worked to restore Fighting Island in the Detroit River so it is suitable for wildlife habitat, and they contributed to the trails in the Humbug Marsh unit, among numerous other activities. Their dedication to conservation, and giving back to the community, is to be commended. 
When BASF was founded 150 years ago, 
nobody would have imagined how large the company would grow or the impact they would have on the world. Today, they continue to produce innovative products while also being responsible corporate stewards. This is signifi-cant in today’s world and deserves praise. Congratulations to everyone at BASF as you celebrate your 150th Anniversary. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in honoring the 150 years of success and community contributions of BASF. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, from Fri-
day, July 24, 2015 through Tuesday, July 28, 2015, I was out of the country participating in the congressional delegation accompanying President Obama on his diplomatic visits to Kenya and Ethiopia. Had I been present I would have voted as follows: 
On Roll Call 467 I would have voted Aye (S. 
1482, Need-Based Education Aid Act of 2015). 
On Roll Call 468 I would have voted Aye 
(H.R. 1656, Secret Service Improvements Act of 2015). 
On Roll Call 469 I would have voted Aye 
(Amendment to H.R. 2770, Keep Our Trav-elers Safe and Secure Act of 2015). 
On Roll Call 470 I would have voted No (On 
Ordering Previous Question for H. Res. 380, providing for consideration of H.R. 427, Regu-
lations from the Executive in Need of Scrutiny Act of 2015). 
On Roll Call 471 I would have voted No (On 
H. Res. 380, providing for consideration of H.R. 427, Regulations from the Executive in Need of Scrutiny Act of 2015). 
On Roll Call 472 I would have voted Aye 
(H.R. 675, Veterans Compensation Cost of Living Adjustment Act of 2015). 
On Roll Call 473 I would have voted No 
(Young Amendment to H.R. 427, Regulations from the Executive in Need of Scrutiny Act of 2015). 
On Roll Call 474 I would have voted No 
(Smith of Missouri Amendment to H.R. 427, Regulations from the Executive in Need of Scrutiny Act of 2015). 
On Roll Call 475 I would have voted Aye 
(Johnson of Georgia Amendment to H.R. 427, Regulations from the Executive in Need of Scrutiny Act of 2015). 
On Roll Call 476 I would have voted Aye 
(Capps Amendment to H.R. 427, Regulations from the Executive in Need of Scrutiny Act of 2015). 
On Roll Call 477 I would have voted Aye 
(Cicilline Amendment to H.R. 427, Regulations from the Executive in Need of Scrutiny Act of 2015). 
On Roll Call 478 I would have voted Aye 
(Jackson Lee/Cicilline Amendment to H.R. 427, Regulations from the Executive in Need of Scrutiny Act of 2015). 
On Roll Call 479 I would have voted Aye 
(Nadler Amendment to H.R. 427, Regulations from the Executive in Need of Scrutiny Act of 2015). 
On Roll Call No. 480 I would have voted 
Aye (Pocan Amendment to H.R. 427, Regula-tions from the Executive in Need of Scrutiny Act of 2015). 
On Roll Call No. 481 I would have voted 
Aye (Motion to Recommit H.R. 427, Regula-tions from the Executive in Need of Scrutiny Act of 2015). 
On Roll Call No. 482 I would have voted No 
(On Passage of H.R. 427, Regulations from the Executive in Need of Scrutiny Act of 2015). 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 50TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF MEDICAID AND MEDI-CARE 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
recognition of the 50th anniversary of Medi-care and Medicaid. 
In 1965, President Lyndon Johnson signed 
the Social Security Act into law—establishing the groundbreaking programs of Medicare and Medicaid and guaranteeing that a wide range of health and medical services would be avail-able to millions of Americans previously ineli-gible or unable to attain basic healthcare. 
Prior to this law, over half of our nation’s 
seniors did not have access to health insur-ance. Yet one year after its establishment, 19 million seniors and disabled individuals were provided coverage. That figure has grown dra-matically; for the last half century, Medicare and Medicaid have provided vital healthcare 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:33 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29JY8.045 E29JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1177 July 29, 2015 
services to countless seniors, individuals with 
disabilities and low-income families. By 2014, 54 million Americans relied on Medicare for quality health care and economic security, while 69 million—including one in three chil-dren—are benefited by Medicaid and its serv-ices. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me in celebrating 
the 50th anniversary of Medicare and Med-icaid. I look forward to continuing to strength-en and protect Medicare and Medicaid to en-sure that the promise of health and economic security will be there for generations to come. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. PETER J. ROSKAM 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, on roll call no. 
469 my flight was delayed due to weather. Had I been present, I would have voted Aye. 
f 
CONGRATULATING FIVE STU-
DENTS FROM THE 24TH CON-GRESSIONAL DISTRICT OF TEXAS FOR RECEIVING FUL-BRIGHT AWARDS DURING THE 2014–2015 ACADEMIC YEAR 
HON. KENNY MARCHANT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
in recognition of Andrew Hasson of Coppell, Afshan Kamrudin of Carrollton, Matthew Lenzen of Farmers Branch, Abhishek Raj of Carrollton, and Amanda Kathleen White of Farmers Branch, who were selected to be 2014–2015 Fulbright Grantees. This is an in-credibly illustrious achievement, and I am hon-ored that these came from my Congressional District in Texas. 
The Fulbright Program was established in 
1946 by Congress. These five join the already 360,000 past participants over seven decades in the Fulbright Program, a prestigious group selected through open, merit-based competi-tions. Their destinations and universities are as follows: 
Andrew Hasson to Malaysia through the 
University of Pennsylvania. Afshan Kamrudin to South Africa through Southern Methodist University. Matthew Lenzen to Taiwan through Texas A&M University. Abhishek Raj to Ger-many through the University of Texas at Dal-las. Amanda Kathleen White to Japan through the University of North Texas. 
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the 24th Congres-
sional District of Texas, I ask all my distin-guished colleagues to join me in honoring An-drew Hasson, Afshan Kamrudin, Matthew Lenzen, Abhishek Raj, and Amanda Kathleen White for this tremendous achievement. HONORING H. GRAYSON COUNTY 
ADMINISTRATOR JONATHAN SWEET 
HON. H. MORGAN GRIFFITH 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Speaker, I submit these 
remarks in honor of Grayson County Adminis-trator Jonathan Sweet, who was recently named 2015 County Leader of the Year by Penton Media’s ‘‘American City and County’’ magazine. 
As is noted in the magazine’s story, ‘‘Sweet 
started his professional career as the Director of Economic Development of Carroll County, Va., and then served Danville, Va., in their of-fice of economic development. Sweet then moved to Bland County, Va., to become County Administrator at the age of 24—one of the youngest in the state to hold that position. However, he was tied to Grayson [County], where many of his friends and family lived. It’s where he felt most at home.’’ 
Jonathan returned to Grayson in 2009 to 
serve as County Administrator and began ad-dressing several difficult challenges, among them returning financial stability to the county and encouraging the growth of jobs and the economy. ‘‘As the furniture industry shrank and textile jobs moved overseas, the county really began to suffer, ultimately hitting an un-employment rate of 14.6 percent,’’ Derek Prall wrote in the magazine. ‘‘By the time Sweet came on board, the county had taken on $18.3 million in debt, and was relying on credit to stay afloat.’’ 
He immediately began working at the tasks 
at hand. In part because of Jonathan’s efforts, ‘‘Grayson county went from one of the most fi-nancially challenged and distressed counties in Virginia, to becoming one of the most finan-cially stable and well managed in the region,’’ David Sexton, Chairman of the Grayson Coun-ty Board of Supervisors, told the magazine. Further, the magazine notes, ‘‘The unemploy-ment rate now stands at 6.9 percent, less than half of what it was at its peak.’’ 
Jonathan Sweet is a hardworking, dedi-
cated, and passionate public servant, and I ask that my colleagues join me in congratu-lating him on being named the 2015 County Leader of the Year. I commend Jonathan for his accomplishments and for his ongoing ef-forts to make Grayson County a great place to live, work, and raise a family. 
f 
THE INTRODUCTION OF THE OPEN 
AND TRANSPARENT SMITHSO-NIAN ACT OF 2015 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, today, I intro-
duce the Open and Transparent Smithsonian Act of 2015 to further ensure that the Smithso-nian Institution is accountable to the public for the taxpayer funds it receives. The bill pro-vides that, for the purposes of the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) and the Privacy Act, the Smithsonian should be considered a fed-eral agency. This bill is necessary because there is no reason why the Smithsonian 
should not be accountable to the public for the annual federal appropriations it receives, which account for 70 percent of its budget. Al-though the Smithsonian was created by Con-gress as a federal trust, it receives the great majority of its funding from the federal govern-ment, much like federal agencies, and has al-ways been treated as a federal agency except for FOIA and other open government laws. In the 1990s, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit found under the current act that the Smithsonian is not a fed-eral agency for purposes of FOIA and the Pri-vacy Act. The Smithsonian’s website states that it is ‘‘not an Executive Branch agency, and FOIA does not apply to the Smithsonian.’’ 
This bill would amend FOIA and the Privacy 
Act to apply to the Smithsonian, which would require the institution to make administrative staff manuals, interpretations of law or regula-tions, final opinions, policies, and other records available to the public. The bill would also require the Smithsonian’s Board of Re-gents and other boards to hold meetings to the public. 
The current absence of transparency at the 
Smithsonian should be of concern, particularly in light of its recent history of secrecy and cor-ruption. In 2007, an independent review found that the Smithsonian Board of Regents had violated many principles of good management Regents during the tenure of Lawrence Small as Secretary of the Smithsonian. The report indicated that the Board had failed to provide the needed oversight, had over-compensated the Secretary, and had allowed the creation of an ‘‘insular culture.’’ The report further found that the Smithsonian’s deputy secretary and chief operating officer, Sheila Burke, was fre-quently absent from her duties because of out-side activities, including service on corporate boards, for which she earned more than $1.2 million over six years. Importantly, the report indicated that Smithsonian leaders took great measures to keep secret these missteps and mismanagement. 
While the Smithsonian has since had new 
leaders, who are moving away from the mis-takes of the past, Congress has not ensured that the Smithsonian is a transparent entity, which should not depend on who is in charge. An entity supported primarily by federal funds must be accountable to the American people. 
I urge my colleagues to support this meas-
ure. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DONALD J. TRACY 
HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to salute Donald J. Tracy of Cedar Park, TX. A pillar of this bustling community nestled in the heart of my congressional district, Don-ald recently resigned from the Cedar Park City Council to start a challenging doctoral program at Texas State University. 
Daily life in Cedar Park rests upon the 
shoulders of dedicated public servants like Donald Tracy. First elected to the City Council in 2010, Donald served as mayor pro tem and as a critical member of several city commit-tees. Widely admired and respected for his 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:33 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29JY8.049 E29JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1178 July 29, 2015 
leadership, Donald has been a public servant 
both his colleagues and constituents could rely upon. 
Donald’s dedication to service extends to 
his professional endeavors as well. For over 15 years, he has worked in Central Texas as a human resource management and workforce education professional, where he has led community- and state-wide skills development initiatives focused on training workers in high- growth, high-opportunity industry clusters. He currently works for Austin Community College, where he serves as Director of Business Op-erations and Marketing in the Continuing Edu-cation Division. Donald’s doctoral work will di-rectly support his critical efforts to develop cer-tification programs for adults who want to tran-sition into new jobs. 
Donald Tracy’s extraordinary commitment to 
service reflects the best values of Central Texas. There’s no doubt that Cedar Park is a better place because of him. I heartily salute his work and wish him the best of luck in all his new endeavors. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MAYOR SARA 
KUROVSKI 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Sara Kurovski, Mayor of Pleasant Hill, for being named the 2015 Meredith Woman of Influence honoree by the award-winning central Iowa publication, the Des Moines Business Record. 
Since 2000, the Des Moines Business 
Record has undertaken an exhaustive annual review to identify a group of standout female leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities ei-ther personally or professionally, forging a path for other women to follow. The women given this prestigious award are individuals who have selflessly dedicated their time and proven their leadership abilities across a vari-ety of professional fields. 
Mayor Kurovski’s passion for public service 
began when she attended Drake University and received her Master’s degree in public ad-ministration. Since graduation she has dedi-cated her time and talents to serving others and improving her community. 
Elected in 2013 as Mayor of Pleasant Hill, 
she has worked tirelessly to improve her com-munity. Mayor Kurovski initially was involved in a number of boards for the city of Pleasant Hill, where her passion for public service and improving the lives of others grew. But running the city of Pleasant Hill is only one aspect of her life, and her work does not stop there. She also works for Iowa based Kum & Go as their manager of sustainability. I admire her dedica-tion to the State of Iowa and believe it is hard working people like Mayor Kurovski that will lead our future generations. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-
resent leaders like Mayor Kurovski in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I recognize and applaud her for uti-lizing her talents to better the State of Iowa. I invite my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in con-gratulating her on receiving this esteemed designation, and wishing her the best of luck 
in all her future endeavors. 
f 
CONGRATULATING CONGRESSMAN 
KEN HECHLER AND CAROL HECHLER 
HON. ALEXANDER X. MOONEY 
OF WEST VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Mr. Speak-
er, I would like to congratulate Congressman Ken Hechler and Carol Hechler on reaffirming their commitment to each other in their mar-riage on August 8th. Congressman Hechler has honorably served the amazing state of West Virginia for over fifty years, first as a combat historian in the United States Army during World War II, then as the Representa-tive of the 4th district and as West Virginia’s Secretary of State. I am overjoyed that Con-gressman Hechler has decided to honor and uphold the sacred institution of marriage with his wife, Carol. 
I join with their families, friends, and loved 
ones in congratulating Congressman Hechler and his wife Carol on this momentous occa-sion. I wish the reaffirmed couple the best of luck, and long, happy lives together. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF DR. CHAD 
AUDI’S SERVICE TO OUR COMMU-NITY 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Dr. Chad Audi’s years of service to our community and the State of Michigan. 
The Detroit Rescue Mission Ministries start-
ed as a soup kitchen in 1909. It had a reputa-tion for serving hot meals, providing canned goods, and other necessities to feed many people who had so little. Today, they offer nu-merous services including substance abuse treatment, transitional and permanent housing, job preparation, and educational courses. Starting as a volunteer in 1994, Dr. Audi has worked tirelessly to transform this organiza-tion. 
After 10 years of service, Dr. Audi became 
the President and CEO of the Detroit Rescue Mission Ministries in 2004. Since then, he has helped to make this community institution into the largest rescue mission in the United States. The resources they offer to women, children, senior citizens, and veterans, have made the Detroit Metropolitan Area a better place to work and live. Dr. Audi’s tenure and contributions reflect his passion for service, his commitment to his community, and his calling to improve the lives of others. Dr. Audi de-serves our utmost respect and admiration and this world would be a better place with more people like him. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
in honoring the work of Dr. Chad Audi and the strength he has given to the Detroit Rescue Mission Ministries. IN RECOGNITION OF MS. ALEXIS 
JOY MARIE HAYES 
HON. DAVID G. VALADAO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
thank Alexis Joy Marie Hayes for her service to my office and to the people of the 21st Congressional District of California. 
Alexis Hayes was born and raised in Visalia, 
California to Mr. and Mrs. James and Kristin Hayes on February 5, 1994. Six years later, in 1999, Alexis was blessed with the birth of her sister, Rileey Hayes. 
Ms. Hayes attended Mountain View Elemen-
tary and Divisadero Middle School prior to at-tending Mt. Whitney High School, where she graduated in 2012. Following high school, Alexis began her general studies at the Col-lege of the Sequoias in Visalia, California. While in school, Ms. Hayes served as the President of the local College Republicans Chapter. 
Since high school, Ms. Hayes has been an 
active member of her community. From an early age, she has demonstrated a strong in-terest in politics and an unwavering commit-ment to public service. 
She has held positions as Office Manager 
for Valadao for Congress, Intern for Congress-man D
EVIN NUNES , and most recently, as a 
Constituent Services Representative in my Hanford, California office. 
Friday, July 31, 2015, will be Ms. Hayes last 
day as a member of my staff. In August, Ms. Hayes will begin attending the University of California, Berkeley. While I am proud of her academic achievements, she will be greatly missed as a member of my team. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the 
United States House of Representatives to join me in commending Alexis Hayes for her public service to the people of the Central Val-ley and wishing her well as she begins the next chapter of her life. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO WORLD WAR II 
VETERAN CARL CRISP 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the service of a remarkable war hero from Indiana’s 6th Congressional Dis-trict—World War II Veteran, Carl Crisp. 
Carl honorably served in the United States 
Army Air Corps from 1943 to 1945. He flew numerous missions with the allied forces throughout the Ardennes and played a critical role in liberating France from Nazi occupation. 
It’s been a long time coming, but on Satur-
day, August 1, 2015, Carl will be presented the French Legion of Honor Medal during a ceremony at the Henry County Historical Soci-ety Museum. This distinguished honor is given only to those who have served France or the ideals it upholds, and Carl’s service in World War II makes him more than deserving. 
I congratulate Carl on this recognition and 
thank him for his service on behalf of our great nation. The entire free world owes him a debt of gratitude that can never be repaid. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:33 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY8.054 E29JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1179 July 29, 2015 
GUTHRIE’S 50TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. ROBERT B. ADERHOLT 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. ADERHOLT. Mr. Speaker, I want to 
congratulate Guthrie’s Chicken based in my hometown of Haleyville, Alabama for 50 years in the 4th Congressional District, Alabama and the southeastern United States. 
In 1965 Hal Guthrie opened a drive-in res-
taurant in Haleyville serving hamburgers, barbeque, fish and fried chicken. 
Eighteen years after opening, Hal Guthrie 
decided to add chicken fingers to the menu, which included a family created dipping sauce. Guthrie did not know at the time that his deci-sion would make his name known from one side of Alabama to the other. 
In 1982, the Guthries opened a second res-
taurant, this one just off campus of Auburn University. Not only was the Guthrie’s chicken finger box popular with college students, peo-ple visiting Auburn for football games wanted a location in their hometown as well. 
The Guthries answered that demand by 
opening several more stores across Alabama and also in places like Athens, Georgia, Talla-hassee, Florida and even Cleveland, Ohio. If there is one thing that comes close to being as big as football in the south, it’s a love for Guthrie’s chicken. 
A half-century after the first restaurant was 
opened by the Guthrie family, they are still a family owned and operated business. They are a shining example of American entrepre-neurship. Having grown up in Haleyville and being in the 4th Congressional District, I am particularly proud of this great tradition and wish the Guthries another 50 years of great success. 
f 
OLDER AMERICANS ACT 
HON. MARTHA McSALLY 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Ms. M CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
support the reauthorization of the Older Ameri-cans Act, legislation that has helped countless Americans maintain their independence and dignity as they grow older. 
The modest programs under the Older 
Americans Act make a big difference in com-munities across our country by providing nutri-tion and transportation assistance to seniors and helping them meet their daily needs. 
In Pima County in my district, the Older 
Americans Act provides: 800 people a day with a home delivered meal; 1,200 people with assistance with bath, laundry, and other household needs; transportation to senior meal sites; and many other services. 
Nearly 130,000 seniors live in the Second 
District, and they deserve the opportunity to live out their retirement without worrying about how they will meet basic needs. 
Recently we saw the 50th anniversary of the 
Older Americans Act as well as the Senate unanimously pass legislation to reauthorize these critical programs. I urge my colleagues in the House to support reauthorization, so we can help give seniors the retirement security they deserve. CANCEL AUGUST RECESS 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I am dis-
appointed that Congress plans to adjourn for August recess without addressing critical issues important to the American people. 
I appreciate that district work periods allow 
Members to visit with folks back in their com-munity, but it is now becoming a habit for Congress to abandon a long ‘‘to do’’ list in the rush to get out of town. This August is no ex-ception. 
Unfortunately, Congress has not done its 
job. It has not completed the work of the peo-ple; including budgeting and critical national security legislation. Our constituents expect us to stay and finish the job. 
Let’s clear our schedules and—in the 
strongest possible terms—request the Speak-er to call Congress back to Washington for the month of August and to finish the business of the people. 
As I have said in previous years on the eve 
of August recess, I’m prepared to stay in Washington as long as it takes. 
These issues are too important to delay. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO KATHRYN KUNERT 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Kathryn Kunert for being named a 2015 Woman of In-fluence honoree by the award-winning central Iowa publication, the Des Moines Business Record. 
Since 2000, the Des Moines Business 
Record has undertaken an exhaustive annual review to identify a group of standout female leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities ei-ther personally or professionally, forging a path for other women to follow. The women given this prestigious award are individuals who have selflessly dedicated their time and proven their leadership abilities across a vari-ety of professional fields. 
Ms. Kunert is a true testament to hard work, 
dedication and commitment. She has spent the last 19 years at MidAmerican Energy and now serves as the Vice President of Business and Community Development. Throughout her time at MidAmerican she has focused on forg-ing lasting relationships in the community and with businesses, helping to grow the size and scope of MidAmerican. Through her leader-ship and expertise, Ms. Kunert has had a positive and lasting impact on all she has worked with. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-
resent leaders like Ms. Kunert in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I recognize and applaud her for utilizing her talents to better the State of Iowa. I invite my colleagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives to join me in congratulating her on receiving this distinguished award, and wishing her the best of luck in all her future endeavors. TRIBUTE TO HOWARD KELLER 
HON. TIM WALBERG 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
thank Howard Keller for his many years of service to the community of Adrian, Michigan. 
On July 21, Mr. Keller retired after 34 years 
as a board member of the Lenawee Inter-mediate School District, most recently as board president. As an advocate for students and teachers alike, Mr. Keller’s vision and dedicated servant leadership has been instru-mental in moving the school district forward. 
In addition to his role on the school board, 
Mr. Keller’s tireless leadership has been evi-dent in a number of causes. Earlier this year, Mr. Keller stepped down as a board member of the Lenawee Community Mental Health Au-thority after 26 years of service. He also con-tinues to serve as the treasurer of the Maurice Spear Campus corporation board, a juvenile detention facility, a position he has held for 25 years. 
Mr. Keller has left an indelible impact on our 
community through his dedication to promoting quality education, providing for those with de-velopmental and emotional disabilities, and helping youth in need. He will be sorely missed, but I trust he will enjoy spending his newfound freedom with his family. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the 
United States House of Representatives to join me in commending Howard Keller for his many years of dedicated public service and wish him the best in his retirement. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I was not present for 
roll call votes 467–482 due to congressional travel. 
Had I been present, I would have voted yes 
on #467, yes on #468, yes on #469, no on #470, no on #471, yes on #472, no on #473, no on #474, yes on #475, yes on #476, yes on #477, yes on #478, yes on #479, yes on #480, yes on #481, and no on #482. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF DR. JOE BOB 
MCGINNIS 
HON. MICHAEL C. BURGESS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the life and Christian ministry of Dr. Joe Bob McGinnis. The residents of Roanoke and surrounding communities were blessed to have had such a wonderful Pastor, neighbor, and friend. 
Dr. Joe Bob McGinnis was born September 
30, 1947 in Brownwood to Dr. Robert W. and Joyce McGinnis He earned his B.S. degree and doctor of divinity degree from Dallas Bap-tist College and his master of divinity from Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:33 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29JY8.060 E29JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1180 July 29, 2015 
For the past 44 years, Dr. McGinnis 
preached and brought the Word of God to people all over Texas. He pastored several churches including Northrich Baptist Church in Richardson, First Baptist Church in McAllen, as well as the church that he founded, Rockhaven Church in Roanoke. Joe Bob loved the Lord and his entire congregation. He offered words of comfort and peace to those who were suffering while also preaching The Word boldly and fervently. 
Dr. McGinnis is survived by his wife, Bren-
da, daughter, Taylor Hubbard, and son Josh. Dr. McGinnis’ efforts to spread the Gospel of Christ will not be forgotten as he leaves be-hind his beloved church and thriving con-gregation in Roanoke. Each year he led Tro-phy Club’s National Day of Prayer event and delivered thoughtful and timely devotions rec-ognizing the faith foundation of our country. I personally appreciated his prayers for myself and other public officials. It is an honor to have represented such an esteemed con-stituent in the U.S. House of Representatives. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ADAM SMITH 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr Speaker, on 
Monday, July 21, 2015, I was unable to be present for recorded votes. Had I been present, I would have voted: 
‘‘Yes’’ on roll call vote No. 448 (on the mo-
tion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 1557), and 
‘‘Yes’’ on roll call vote No. 449 (on the mo-
tion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 2256, as amended). 
f 
CONGRATULATING COLONEL TODD 
MAYER 
HON. BRAD R. WENSTRUP 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of 
the United States House of Representatives and the United States Military, I congratulate Colonel Todd Mayer on 30 years of valued service and dedication to his country. 
Since 1985, Col. Mayer has upheld the core 
LDRSHIP values that are near and dear to the National Guard: Loyalty, Duty, Respect, Self-less-Service, Honor, Integrity, & Personal Courage. 
A highly decorated soldier, Col. Mayer was 
awarded the Purple Heart in 1991 after being wounded in Operation Desert Storm and the Bronze Star in 2003 for his heroic achieve-ment. His time in uniform is celebrated by these courageous leadership efforts. He has brought incomparable virtue to himself, his family, his uniform, and his nation. 
Col. Mayer, congratulations again on your 
retirement and thank you for your longstanding service to the United States Army National Guard. TRIBUTE IN HONOR OF KAREN 
IGNAGNI 
HON. ANNA G. ESHOO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor Karen Ignagni for her more than two decades of leadership as President and CEO of America’s Health Insurance Plans (AHIP) and to wish her every success in her new po-sition as President and CEO of EmblemHealth. 
Karen Ignagni served with great distinction 
at AHIP. Her intellect, broad policy knowledge and experience helped shape some of the most consequential national health policies for our country, including the Affordable Care Act. Her ability to see the benefits the Act would bring to insurers and consumers was extraor-dinarily important and contributed to the suc-cesses now being realized by millions of Americans. 
Jay Gellert, the highly regarded President 
and CEO of Health Net praised Karen, saying that 
‘‘She was the face of the industry when it 
was attacked. Without compromising her be-liefs, she handled all of that with integrity and dignity, and I think that was because from the start she was committed to the end point.’’ He opined that after all she had done to frame the Affordable Care Act’s regulatory infrastructure, she probably took on the challenges of leading EmblemHealth as a way to ‘‘play it out on the ground.’’ 
Karen Ignagni, a native of Providence, 
Rhode Island, is a graduate of Providence College and earned her MBA at Loyola Col-lege. Prior to her work at AHIP, she served as Director of the AFL–CIO’s Department of Em-ployee Benefits, and worked for the U.S. Sen-ate Labor and Human Resources Committee, at the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, and in the office of Senator Clai-borne Pell. She has written about health policy issues and has received many honors for her leadership, including the Second Century Award for Excellence in Health Care. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask the entire House of Rep-
resentatives to join me in paying tribute to Karen Ignagni and wishing her every success in her leadership of EmblemHealth. We are a stronger, better country because of Karen Ignagni and her distinguished work and I’m privileged to have worked with her and call her my friend. 
f 
EXEMPLARY VOLUNTEERISM: 
TOBIAS GEIGER 
HON. RICHARD M. NOLAN 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Speaker, I would like to 
recognize and thank Tobias Geiger from East Central Electric Cooperative in my district for his service and sacrifice to put into action co-operative principle #6—cooperation among co-operatives. In March this year, Tobias traveled to Haiti as a volunteer for the NRECA Inter-national Foundation where he helped build the country’s first electric cooperative. This work is part of a rural electrification project managed 
by NRECA International and funded by the United Nationals Environmental Program, USAID, and the Inter-American Development Bank. 
Electricity is a critical element in improving 
the quality of life and to providing healthcare, education, access to clean water and eco-nomic opportunity. In Haiti, less than 15 per-cent of the population has regular access to electricity. Tobias spent two weeks in the town of Coteaux to help build a distribution system that will interconnect three towns. Upon com-pletion, the diesel-solar hybrid electric system will provide safe, affordable and reliable power to 1600 consumers. His contribution included upgrading and installing new power lines, training locally hired linemen in proper con-struction methods, pole climbing techniques, proper handline use, and important safety practices. 
Thank you Tobias Geiger, for your dedica-
tion and commitment. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 70TH AN-
NIVERSARY OF THE VICTORY OVER JAPAN DAY 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the Yankee Air Museum’s observ-ance of the 70th anniversary of Victory over Japan Day. Because of the bravery of the Greatest Generation, this day marks the end of humanity’s darkest time, the spreading of liberty to many peoples across the world, and the start of the greatest peace time economic boom in American history. 
On August 15th, 1945, the Empire of Japan 
surrendered to the United States aboard the USS Missouri. Seventy years after the end of 
the Second World War, we celebrate this his-torical event and honor the sacrifices of the brave men and women who served this coun-try. 
We are honored to have the Yankee Air Mu-
seum commemorate this event. Since the for-mation of the Yankee Air Museum in 1981, it has done excellent work to restore and pre-serve artifacts from World War II. Through its commemoration of Rosie the Riveter, the mu-seum has tirelessly highlighted the efforts of the women who were the heartbeat of the Ar-senal of Democracy. 
Mr. Speaker, as the World War II era air-
crafts fly over Yankee Air Museum, I hope my colleagues will join me to celebrate the free-dom of the many because of the sacrifices of the men and women of the greatest genera-tion. 
f 
275TH ANNIVERSARY OF 
CORNWALL, CONNECTICUT 
HON. ELIZABETH H. ESTY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to cele-
brate the 275th anniversary of Cornwall, Con-necticut. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:33 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29JY8.066 E29JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1181 July 29, 2015 
This weekend, Cornwall will begin its cele-
bration of this historic milestone. Over the past 275 years, Cornwall has stayed true to its roots as a small agricultural New England town. Its rich history has endured and remains evident in its rolling farmlands and colonial era architecture. 
Though small in size, the town of Cornwall 
has been making a big impact since it was in-corporated in 1740. During the 1800s, Corn-wall’s rich natural resources made it an ideal location for iron production. Two of Cornwall’s iron firms formed part of the nationally recog-nized Salisbury Iron District. Cornwall is also home to the historic Covered Bridge. Built in 1864, this is one of the last standing covered bridges in Connecticut, and is still functional today. The bridge serves as an enduring sym-bol of Cornwall’s rural New England legacy. 
Cornwall exemplifies the type of small agri-
cultural community on which our country was built. As we have grown as a nation, this com-munity has continued to demonstrate its ability to adapt and prosper. I am honored to rep-resent Cornwall in Congress. 
Congratulations to Cornwall on its 275th an-
niversary. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE ‘‘END OIL 
AND GAS TAX SUBSIDIES ACT OF 2015’’ 
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, today, I 
am introducing the ‘‘End Oil and Gas Tax Subsidies Act of 2015’’ that will save American taxpayers more than $40 billion over the next decade. 
American taxpayers are subsidizing some of 
the largest and most profitable companies in the world with their tax dollars. These sub-sidies underwrite the costs of oil and gas pro-duction, including offsetting intangible drilling costs, the cost of tertiary injectants, and costs associated with domestic production. There are also subsidies that offset foreign taxes, provide tax shelters disguising active income with passive losses, and subsidies that allow major oil companies to discount the value of their inventories. 
The ‘‘End Oil and Gas Tax Subsidies Act of 
2015’’ would end 10 of the most egregious tax loopholes enjoyed by the oil and gas indus-try—tax loopholes that have helped compa-nies like Chevron, ExxonMobil and Shell add to the billions in profits they already make every year. The legislation is very similar to President Obama’s proposal to eliminate oil and gas tax preferences in his FY 2016 Budg-et. 
Instead of padding the bottom line of oil and 
gas companies, taxpayer dollars could be bet-ter spent renewing and rebuilding our nation’s infrastructure and investing in emerging clean resources like wind and solar that will help us combat climate change and transition to a clean energy future. 
I hope my colleagues will join me in sup-
porting this important legislation. TRIBUTE TO ELISABETH BUCK 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Elisabeth Buck for being named a 2015 Woman of Influ-ence honoree by the award-winning central Iowa publication, the Des Moines Business Record. 
Since 2000, the Des Moines Business 
Record has undertaken an exhaustive annual review to identify a standout group of female leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities ei-ther personally or professionally, forging a path for other women to follow. The women given this prestigious award are individuals who have selflessly dedicated their time and proven their leadership abilities across a vari-ety of professional fields. 
Ms. Buck has served in a wide-range of 
leadership roles throughout her career. At Iowa State University, where she earned a BA in political science, Ms. Buck and her peers realized her leadership abilities when she was elected student body president. That was just the beginning. She went on to serve as Dep-uty Chief of Staff for Iowa Governors Tom Vilsack and Chet Culver. Following her time in the Governor’s Office she took on the role as Director of Iowa Workforce Development (IWD). As Director of IWD, Ms. Buck changed the culture of the state agency, creating a more efficient and effective department through the implementation of new, innovative programs. 
After her work in state government, Ms. 
Buck joined United Way of Central Iowa in 2011 as Senior Vice President of Community Impact. Since then, she has risen through the ranks and now serves as the Chief Commu-nity Impact Officer. Her time at United Way has been concentrated on advancing their overall mission of improving lives through the mobilization of the community and rallying around a common goal. As the Chief Commu-nity Impact Officer she oversees a sizeable budget, utilizing the resources given to her in a cost-efficient and effective manner. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-
resent leaders like Ms. Buck in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I recognize and applaud her for utilizing her abilities to better her community and the State of Iowa. I invite my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in congratulating her on receiving this esteemed designation, and wishing her the best of luck in all her future endeavors. 
f 
HONORING MR. LANCE GROMME, 
RECIPIENT OF THE 2015 VET-ERAN OF THE YEAR AWARD FOR THE STATE OF WASHINGTON VETERANS OF FOREIGN WARS 
HON. CATHY McMORRIS RODGERS 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Speaker, 
I rise today to congratulate Mr. Lance Gromme of Colville, Washington for receiving 
the 2015 Veteran of the Year Award for the State of Washington Veterans of Foreign Wars (VFW). I want to recognize Mr. Gromme for his contributions and his tireless effort to im-prove the lives of our Eastern Washington vet-erans. 
This annual award honors a veteran from 
Washington State who has committed him or herself to the ideals of the Veterans of Foreign Wars and who shows an undying devotion to bettering the lives of the veterans within their community. Through the years, Mr. Lance Gromme has demonstrated this commitment and is well deserving of this award. 
Mr. Gromme’s devotion to serving his fellow 
veterans began forty years ago when he be-came a life member of the American Legion while still active duty in the United States Army. After his retirement, Lance continued to show his dedication by becoming a life mem-ber of the VFW. After joining the Colville, Washington post in 2009, Mr. Gromme quickly became a leader among his peers. After just one year of involvement at the Colville post he assumed the positions of Quarter Master, Service Officer, and Fundraising Coordinator. In addition to meticulously managing finances and running all major fundraising events, Mr. Gromme spends countless hours diligently working for veterans. 
In his role, Mr. Gromme was instrumental in 
encouraging the Stevens County Commis-sioners to establish a Veterans Resource Phone line to assist veterans with a wide range of needs and issues. Moreover, when it came to his attention that some veterans were not receiving the services they needed, he joined with the Northeast Washington Hunger Coalition to help those veterans in need. Mr. Gromme is a true testament to what an in-volved and devoted community member looks like and continually goes above and beyond to better the lives of his fellow veterans. 
So today I acknowledge these accomplish-
ments and congratulate Mr. Lance Gromme on being a constant leader in his community and on receiving the distinct award of Veteran of the Year for the Washington State Veterans of Foreign Wars. I applaud your work and con-tinued advocacy for the veterans in North-eastern Washington. 
f 
RETIREMENT OF COLLEEN 
KELLEY, PRESIDENT OF THE NA-TIONAL TREASURY EMPLOYEES UNION 
HON. DONNA F. EDWARDS 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
honor the distinguished career of Colleen Kelley who is retiring as President of the Na-tional Treasury Employees Union (NTEU). Her resignation will become effective in August, following NTEU’s National Convention in Hol-lywood, Florida. 
Colleen Kelley has provided the NTEU and 
federal employees with skilled leadership over the past 16 years, while always advocating in an honest and forthright manner with Con-gress. Having served at the IRS and in var-ious NTEU roles, her experience and unique perspective on the impacts of proposals on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:33 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29JY8.072 E29JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1182 July 29, 2015 
federal employees was vital in educating law-
makers and constituents on the important role federal employees play in keeping our nation safe and growing our economy. 
During her national presidency, federal em-
ployees have contributed $159 billion toward deficit reduction over 10 years in pay freezes, increased pension retirement contributions, and furloughs. She has relentlessly educated the public on the important contributions made by federal employees and how cutting em-ployee pay and benefits hurts our govern-ment’s ability to recruit and retain the best workforce possible to serve the American peo-ple. 
As someone who has the honor of rep-
resenting over 51,000 federal employees from the 4th Congressional District of Maryland, I have been fortunate to work closely with Col-leen for several years. I thank her for her dedi-cation to federal employees and our country, and I look forward to coordinating closely with Colleen’s successor to ensure America’s fed-eral employees receive the pay and benefits they deserve. 
I wish Colleen continued success, happi-
ness, and hopefully some well-earned rest. She leaves behind a legacy of service that others can and should aspire to. 
f 
OUR UNCONSCIONABLE NATIONAL 
DEBT 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on January 
20, 2009, the day President Obama took of-fice, the national debt was $10,626,877,048,913.08. 
Today, it is $18,151,851,139,012.51. We’ve 
added $7,524,974,090,099.43 to our debt in 6 years. This is over $7.5 trillion in debt our na-tion, our economy, and our children could have avoided with a balanced budget amend-ment. 
f 
RECOGNIZING COLONEL H. 
CHARLES ‘‘CHUCK’’ HODGES JR. 
HON. ADAM SMITH 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise to honor the service of Colonel H. Charles ‘‘Chuck’’ Hodges Jr., a decorated and active leader in our Armed Forces. 
For the past several years, Chuck has com-
manded Joint Base Lewis-McChord (JBLM) with passion, courage, and dedication. With unparalleled determination to forge stronger ties with the surrounding communities, im-prove the on-base education system, and as-sist with the transition from military to civilian life, Chuck has tirelessly worked to improve the lives of those both on and off the base. 
During his command, Chuck has been fully 
aware that his influence and work extends be-yond JBLM’s fences. He has been recognized on numerous occasions for his work, including with the Tacoma-Pierce County Chamber Mili-tary Citizen of the Year award, which honored his tireless efforts to cultivate a stronger bond 
with the base’s host community. 
Chuck has also helped to facilitate the ren-
ovation and replacement of five aging on-base schools. These schools, modernized with Con-gressional funding following the efforts of the Military Child Education Initiative, are the foun-dation for the growth and development of the next generation of leaders, both military and civilian. 
Furthermore, Chuck’s focus on smoothing 
the transition from military to civilian life is a major asset to the Puget Sound region and our military veterans. He assisted thousands of service members by helping to facilitate job fairs, training, and career-counseling services on base. His hard work is paying off: between December 2011 and April 2014, the employ-ment rate of service members transitioning from JBLM rose from 18 to 42 percent. While there is still work to be done, Chuck’s efforts have undoubtedly left a mark in providing for our past, future and present service members. 
It is with great honor that I recognize Chuck 
as he moves on from his position as Base Commander of Joint Base Lewis-McChord, and more importantly for his 30 years of serv-ice in the United States Army. I wish him the best and am confident that he will continue to do outstanding work in his civilian life. 
f 
HONORING THE STAFF OF THE CO-
LUMBIA COUNTY DEPARTMENT OF SOCIAL SERVICES 
HON. CHRISTOPHER P. GIBSON 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. GIBSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize the hard working and dedicated staff of the Columbia County Department of Social Services. 
The good people of Columbia County, New 
York are well served by this outstanding group of high minded professionals whose sole pur-pose is to serve the public. Rarely do these fine individuals receive any sort of public ac-claim; nonetheless, they remain steadfast in their commitment to providing timely and ef-fective human services. Whether it be pro-viding funding for fuel oil to needy families each winter, finding shelter for families during hard times, protecting children from the hor-rors of child abuse, or reuniting a family torn apart by the ravages of substance abuse, Commissioner Jablonka and his staff are re-lentless in their pursuit of the public welfare. 
Commissioner Jablonka, who began his il-
lustrious career in public service as a DSS caseworker more than forty years ago, is blessed to have an outstanding staff assisting him. Deputy Commissioner Michelle Ublacker has made a tremendous contribution to the agency in the few short months since coming on board. She brings with her a strong back-ground in human services, years of experi-ence as a DSS caseworker and a tenacious work ethic. Her commitment to excellence is apparent to all who serve with her. Under Michelle is an exemplary group of Directors who oversee the day to day operations of the agency: Lynn Kutski, Judy Richards, Deborah Amerling and Valerie Caruso make up this ex-ceptional team and together they have worked hard to help move the agency forward into the twenty-first century. With leadership such as 
this, it is easy to see how the Department con-tinues to excel in its efforts to serve our com-munity. 
And finally, Mr. Speaker, I would be remiss 
if I did not acknowledge the most important group of individuals who contribute to the suc-cess of Columbia County’s Department of So-cial Services—the caseworkers, investigators and the clerical and legal staffs who are the backbone of the agency. They lead the way in the ongoing struggle to end poverty, child abuse, substance abuse, and domestic vio-lence. They protect the young and the old alike, and they do so without fanfare. But today we acknowledge our caseworkers and thank them for all that they do. 
May God bless each member of this team. 
f 
HONORING EDWARD ‘‘SANDY’’ 
MOTON DAVIS III ON THE OCCA-SION OF HIS RETIREMENT FROM THE CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE 
HON. TOM PRICE 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, 
my colleague, Mr. V ANHOLLEN of Maryland, 
and I would like to recognize the career and retirement of Sandy Davis, the associate di-rector for legislative affairs for the Congres-sional Budget Office [CBO] and thank him for his distinguished service to the Budget Com-mittee and the Congress. 
Sandy is retiring after 36 years of dedicated 
service to the federal government. Sandy first joined CBO in 1996 as a senior analyst focus-ing on Congressional budget procedures and practices. Since 2003, he has served as the associate director for legislative affairs. In this role, Sandy has diligently served as CBO’s chief liaison to the Congress and has worked closely with the Budget Committee. He has been invaluable in assisting committee mem-bers and staff in fulfilling our responsibilities under the Congressional Budget Act. During his time at CBO, Sandy has served under six Directors and in both Republican and Demo-cratic Congresses. Prior to joining CBO, he served as an analyst and senior budget proc-ess specialist at the Congressional Research Service. 
As the Chairman and Ranking Member of 
the Budget Committee, we greatly appreciate Sandy’s exceptional service to the Budget Committee and the Congress. Sandy exempli-fies CBO’s high standard of professionalism, expertise, and nonpartisanship. We wish him all the best in his retirement and future en-deavors. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE JUSTICE 
FOR CONGO VICTIMS AND CONGO REFORMS PEACE CONVENTION 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. 
Mr. Speaker, I wish to submit the following 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:33 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29JY8.076 E29JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1183 July 29, 2015 
statement in recognition of the Justice for 
Congo Victims and Congo Reforms Peace Convention hosted at University of Texas at Arlington. I would like to express my gratitude to Richard Millsap for asking me to participate in this Peace Convention. I would also like to thank those of you who were involved in mak-ing this event happen and all of the partici-pants who have taken time out of their sched-ules to be a part of such a momentous con-ference. 
I have been a longtime advocate for peace 
and diplomacy over armed conflict. As many of you know, I began my A World of Women for World Peace initiative in 2001. Throughout my time in office, I have seen first-hand the pillage of war. Shortly after experiencing the terrorist attacks on September 11, 2001, I saw on the cover of Newsweek magazine, two boys from Liberia who were 12 and 14 years old dressed in military gear with machine guns, and I just thought enough was enough. I wondered how our world had come to this place of aggression, and I knew that I had to do something to be a part of bringing a culture of peace to the world. 
My efforts started with women who are the 
mothers of young boys like the ones I saw on the cover of that magazine, whose lives are sacrificed in the name of war. We must recog-nize and empower these women to facilitate peace-building, peacemaking, and peace- keeping activities across the world. We must also recognize the experts and leaders who help us to plant the seeds of peace. 
I recently participated in my A World of 
Women for World Peace conference in Taipei, Taiwan, where we discussed ways to build peace through culture. One panelist in par-ticular spoke about the necessity of compas-sion and healing the wounds of civil wars and genocides before peace can be achieved on the ground. I strongly believe that this is the case in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. The global community must recognize the tragedies of the Congo before the Congolese people can truly move forward to a place of peace. Thank you for allowing me to provide written remarks and I hope you have a pro-ductive Peace Convention. 
f 
25TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE 
AMERICANS WITH DISABILITIES ACT 
HON. GRACE MENG 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Ms. MENG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
celebration of this week’s 25th Anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act, which was signed into law July 26, 1990. 
This milestone piece of legislation marked a 
positive step forward in affording Americans with disabilities the right to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. It represented a signifi-cant change in national anti-discrimination laws, making discrimination against Americans with disabilities in the private sphere illegal, and requiring reasonable public accommoda-tion. However, there is still work to be done to improve the lives of Americans with disabil-ities. Some still trail the population in many economic indicators, as they are twice as like-ly to be poor and one-fifth as likely to be em-ployed. The ADA was a major step toward en-
suring economic independence. 
In my district, the Disability Student Support 
Services project at Queens College was re-cently awarded a federal grant from the U.S. Department of Education that will help fund that program. This program aids a group of 100 students in their studies at Queens Col-lege, and provides them the support they need to ensure that they graduate. 
I would like to commend my constituent, 
Charmaine Worthy, for her efforts in the CUNY system serving disabled students. As the University Coordinator of Student Activi-ties, she has worked tirelessly to empower CUNY students. Thank you, Ms. Worthy, for your important work. You are a shining exam-ple of the importance of giving back to one’s community. 
Educational and economic gaps that persist 
between disabled Americans and their peers shrink through people like Ms. Worthy, institu-tions like CUNY, and the grants that fund these important programs. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 45TH AN-
NIVERSARY OF SOS COMMUNITY SERVICES 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize SOS Community Services for its 45th anniversary. For 45 years, SOS has worked to end homelessness for families in Washtenaw County by providing resources and support to the community. As a result of their dedicated service and their mission to promote housing stability and self-sufficiency, SOS has immensely bettered Washtenaw County. 
SOS Community Services was started in 
1970 by students and faculty at Eastern Michi-gan University. Originally, the group provided a 24-hour crisis phone line to EMU students. It has grown into an effective and critical non- profit organization committed to ending familial homelessness in all of Washtenaw County. 
SOS Community Services provides a wide 
range of services and support. They run a 
food pantry, provide temporary shelter and re- housing services, and work with families to find employment, pursue further education, and after-school and tutoring programs for children and young people. They also provide struggling families with everyday necessities such as utility assistance, bus tokens and ac-cess to computers and phones. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
today to honor 45 years of ardent service to their community. With compassion and re-spect, vital services are provided to maintain and raise the quality of life for approximately 4,700 people. I look forward to seeing further inspiring work from SOS Community Services. IN RECOGNITION OF MR. TYLER 
WILLIAM BECK 
HON. DAVID G. VALADAO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
thank Tyler William Beck for his service to my office and to the people of California’s 21st Congressional District. 
Tyler Beck was born in Salinas, California 
on September 14, 1991 to Mr. and Mrs. Ste-ven and Alice Beck. Tyler and his two younger brothers, Zachary Beck and Benjamin Beck, grew up in Hanford, California, where they re-side today. 
Prior to high school, Mr. Beck attended St. 
Rose McCarthy for his elementary and middle school education. In 2006, he began high school at Hanford High School, where he graduated in 2010. Following his primary edu-cation, Mr. Beck attended the College of the Sequoias Hanford as well as West Hills Col-lege Lemoore. 
Throughout his college education, Mr. Beck 
has served California’s 21st Congressional District as an Administrative Assistant in my Hanford, California office. Mr. Beck’s commit-ment to public service and strong ties to the community have made him an invaluable asset to my team. 
Friday, August 21, 2015 will be Mr. Beck’s 
last day as a member of my staff. With a pas-sion for agriculture and teaching, Mr. Beck will be attending Fresno State University. While I am proud of his academic ambition, Tyler will be greatly missed by my entire team. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the 
United States House of Representatives to join me in commending Tyler Beck for his pub-lic service to the people of the Central Valley and wishing him the very best as he begins this exciting chapter of his life. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO PAT BODDY 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Pat Boddy for being named a 2015 Woman of In-fluence honoree by the award-winning central Iowa publication, the Des Moines Business Record. 
Since 2000, the Des Moines Business 
Record has undertaken an exhaustive annual review to identify a standout group of female leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities ei-ther personally or professionally, forging a path for other women to follow. The women given this prestigious award are individuals who have selflessly dedicated their time and proven their leadership abilities across a vari-ety of professional fields. 
Ms. Boddy started a career in journalism 
after moving from the St. Louis area to Des Moines. After working at WHO radio, where she found her passion for environmental engi-neering, she attended Iowa State University. It was there that she graduated with her Bach-elor of Science in Agriculture Engineering and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:33 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29JY8.081 E29JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1184 July 29, 2015 
shortly thereafter a Master’s degree in Water 
Resources. 
Ms. Boddy has a long history of leading and 
serving others in a number of different roles. She has served as the Director of Polk County Conservation, the Deputy and Interim Director of the Iowa Department of Natural Resources, and now serves as the Stewardship Director at RDG Planning and Design in Des Moines. She has worked tirelessly to support the sus-tainability of not only her community, but the entire state. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-
resent leaders like Ms. Boddy in the United States Congress, and it is with great pride that I recognize and applaud her for utilizing her talents to better her community and the State of Iowa. I invite my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in congratulating her on receiving this esteemed designation, and wishing her the best of luck in all her future endeavors. 
f 
THE 240TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE 
MILITARY CHAPLAINCY FOUNDING 
HON. TIM HUELSKAMP 
OF KANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. HUELSKAMP. Mr. Speaker, military life 
is filled with unspoken hardships, extraordinary demands—physically, mentally, spiritually, and relationally—and constant sacrifice by both our military members and their families. Recog-nizing this tremendous cost on our soldiers and the need to lighten their burdens, at the request of George Washington, the continental Congress created the military chaplaincy 240 years ago today. In fact, George Washington believed chaplains were so essential he asked for an increase in their pay in order ‘‘to en-courage men of Abilities’’ to become chap-lains. In the anniversary of the Chaplain Corps founding, I want to take this opportunity to honor our military chaplains who courageously serve the ongoing spiritual, religious, and emotional needs of our men and women in uniform. 
Since 1775 more than 25,000 chaplains 
have served in every major war and combat engagements our nation has fought, while hundreds have paid the ultimate sacrifice—in-cluding the late Father Emil J. Kapaun. Called a ‘‘shepherd in combat boots,’’ Father Kapaun was an Army captain and Roman Catholic priest from Pilsen, Kansas who died a prisoner of war in the Korean War. His surviving com-rades noted how he selflessly risked his life to rescue wounded soldiers, nursed the sick and wounded, and stood steadfast in his faith and his lifesaving ministerial responsibilities de-spite horrific persecution. In 2013, I had the honor of witnessing this saintly chaplain be awarded the Congressional Medal of Honor for his heroism posthumously. 
Additionally, The Diocese of Wichita and the 
Vatican have begun the formal process that could lead to Father Kapaun’s canonization. In 1993, it was announced that Fr. Kapaun would receive the title of ‘‘Servant of God.’’ 
The following account of Father Kaupan’s 
Korean War service is provided by the United States Army: 
Kapaun moved fearlessly from foxhole to 
foxhole under direct enemy fire in order to provide comfort and reassurance to the out-
numbered Soldiers. He repeatedly exposed himself to enemy fire to recover wounded men, dragging them to safety. When he couldn’t drag them, he dug shallow trenches to shield them from enemy fire. As Chinese forces closed in, Kapaun rejected several chances to escape, instead volunteering to stay behind and care for the wounded. He was taken as a prisoner of war by Chinese forces on Nov. 2, 1950. After he was captured, Kapaun and other prisoners were marched for several days northward toward prisoner- of-war camps. During the march Kapaun led by example in caring for injured Soldiers, re-fusing to take a break from carrying the stretchers of the wounded while encouraging others to do their part. Once inside the dis-mal prison camps, Kapaun risked his life by sneaking around the camp after dark, for-aging for food, caring for the sick, and en-couraging his fellow Soldiers to sustain their faith and their humanity. On at least one oc-casion, he was brutally punished for his dis-obedience, being forced to sit outside in sub-zero weather without any garments. When the Chinese instituted a mandatory re-edu-cation program, Kapaun patiently and po-litely rejected every theory put forth by the instructors. Later, Kapaun openly flouted his captors by conducting a sunrise service on Easter morning, 1951. When Kapaun began to suffer from the physical toll of his cap-tivity, the Chinese transferred him to a filthy, unheated hospital where he died alone. As he was being carried to the hos-pital, he asked God’s forgiveness for his cap-tors, and made his fellow prisoners promise to keep their faith. Chaplain Kapaun died in captivity on May 23, 1951. 
As Chaplain Kapaun’s compelling leadership 
and powerful story attests, our chaplains are vital to the wellbeing and morale of our troops—especially in the face of possible in-jury and death. The chaplaincy has endured for over two hundred years because of the singular and widespread recognition of its unique role in the defense and support of our nation. It is essential to ensure that those brave men and women who live out their promise to protect our sacred freedoms and guard our religious heritage are paid the prop-er respect. Rest assured, as long as I have a voice in Congress, I will continue to defend and protect the religious freedom of those who served and still serve our nation in the Armed Forces. 
f 
RECOGNIZING SUZANNE KUBIK 
FOR HER OUTSTANDING WORK AS A MATHEMATICS TEACHER 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
proud recognition of Suzanne Kubik, a dedi-cated mathematics teacher who has received the Presidential Award for Excellence in Math-ematics and Science Teaching. 
The Presidential Award for Excellence in 
Mathematics and Science Teaching is the highest honor that a K–12 mathematics or science educator can receive for outstanding teaching in the United States, and I can think of no one more deserving than Suzanne. For the past nine years, Suzanne has served as a full-time teacher at Middleborough High School in Middleborough, Massachusetts. Cer-tified to teach mathematics and chemistry, Su-
zanne is particularly known for her dedication to AP Statistics—a challenging course that students have come to love thanks to her sin-cerity. 
Through dedication, creativity, and unwaver-
ing patience, Suzanne has mentored count-less students and left a lasting and meaningful impression on many more. Her energetic les-sons, passion for the material, and commit-ment to simplifying and translating complex concepts have served as a model for students and teachers, alike. Last year, Suzanne’s out-standing attitude and impact was recognized across the Commonwealth when she received the 2014 Massachusetts Teacher of the Year 
Award. 
Suzanne’s work as an educator does not 
end with the last bell of the school day. She enjoys speaking at the Massachusetts Math and Science Initiative’s Statistics Saturday Study Sessions, and serves on numerous or-ganizations across the Commonwealth, includ-ing as advisor to the New England Champion Rubik’s Cube Club, as co-advisor to the Na-tional Honor Society, and as co-chair to the New England Association of Schools and Col-leges’ Committee on Instruction. Her passion to mathematics, the sciences, and, most im-portantly, to her students is unparalleled. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me in honoring Su-
zanne Kubik for receiving this prestigious award. I know all my colleagues in the House join me in congratulating her and wishing her nothing but success in the future. 
f 
THE 5TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE 
DODD-FRANK ACT 
HON. JOYCE BEATTY 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, last week, 
House Democrats celebrated the 5th anniver-sary of Dodd-Frank—the most sweeping finan-cial regulatory reform in the United States since the 1930s. 
Signed into law by President Obama on July 
21, 2010, Dodd-Frank has changed—for the better—the way consumers, investors, and other market participants interact with our fi-nancial system. 
It has provided oversight to Wall Street, giv-
ing regulators the tools to end the era of ‘‘too big to fail’’ entities and outrageous taxpayer bailouts, and has eliminated loopholes that al-lowed risky and abusive practices to go unno-ticed and unregulated. 
But how did we get here? Five years ago, Dodd-Frank was enacted in 
the wake of profound economic devastation as our nation was reeling from the impact of the 2008 financial crisis. 
Millions of Americans suffered job loss, 
many small businesses closed down, fore-closures skyrocketed, the stock market suf-fered large drops, and a looming repeat of the Great Depression was feared. 
Specifically, in the six months before Presi-
dent Obama took office in February 2009, our economy lost a total of nearly 4 million private sector jobs—an unimaginable average of 650,000 jobs per month. 
Nearly $13 trillion in economic growth and 
$16 trillion in household wealth simply dis-appeared while close to 9 million individuals were displaced from their homes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:33 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29JY8.085 E29JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1185 July 29, 2015 
2008 was truly one of the lowest economic 
points in U.S. history. 
Yet, the American people weathered this 
storm and Congressional Democrats took ac-tion by passing legislation to restore responsi-bility and accountability in our financial sys-tem, and to give Americans confidence that we were the tools in place to avoid another economic crisis. 
In fact, since Dodd-Frank’s passage in July 
2010, the American economy has experienced vast improvement in private sector job growth with nearly 12 million jobs added; a lower un-employment rate, to 5.3 percent from the peak of 10.0 percent in October 2009, and a recov-ering housing market. 
Indeed, because of Dodd-Frank, financial 
regulators are now empowered to identify and address risks to our financial system through increased monitoring and stricter rules for our nation’s biggest banks in a timely way. 
Dodd-Frank also provided new authority to 
the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), which, since 2011, has recovered more than $9.3 billion in civil fines and penalties de-spite Republicans’ repeated budget cuts to the agency. 
Like all comprehensive reform bills, how-
ever, Dodd-Frank is not perfect. 
There are a few areas that I believe can be 
improved. 
Nonetheless, it is important that we do not 
let the perfect be the enemy of the good. 
I believe we also have a responsibility to 
build upon and improve this legislation when needed. 
One area of concern for many stakeholders 
in my district, and across the country, is the manner in which Dodd-Frank requires the Federal Reserve to subject bank holding com-panies with more than $50 billion in consoli-dated assets to enhanced regulatory super-vision. 
However, if we are to subject smaller, re-
gional bank holding companies to the same or similar supervisory requirements, then we should do so in a way that balances our na-tion’s financial stability without placing exces-sive burdens on non-systemically important in-stitutions by using a more deliberative assets- and-activities-based test should be considered in determining the ‘‘systemic importance’’ of bank holding companies. 
Earlier this month, Chair Yellen testified that 
she was open to raising a threshold for deter-mining a bank’s systemic importance. 
I look forward to working with her on this 
issue as this is at the top of my priority list for improving Dodd-Frank. 
Another area of concern for me lays in the 
development of diversity assessment stand-ards under Section 342 of Dodd-Frank, also known as OMWI. 
Though Section 342 is not very long, it is a 
very significant step in the effort to improve the hiring of women and minorities in the fi-nancial services industry in which these groups remain woefully underrepresented. 
However, due to misinterpretations of con-
gressional intent, I am concerned that after five years the federal financial regulators have not developed standards requiring the disclo-sure of diversity data, which would provide much needed transparency to this industry re-garding the promotion of diversity in its work-place. 
In order to continue being a successful na-
tion, we must capitalize on our diversity and tackle the inequality in wage and job growth in 
African-American communities. 
Today, I celebrate substantial achievements 
of Dodd-Frank and look forward to working with my congressional colleagues to find the appropriate tweaks to further facilitate its posi-tive lasting effects on the financial markets and for consumers far beyond this five-year anniversary. 
f 
CONGRATULATING BRIGADIER 
GENERAL DAVID T. BUCKALEW 
HON. ALEXANDER X. MOONEY 
OF WEST VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Mr. Speak-
er, I would like to congratulate Brigadier Gen-eral David T. Buckalew on a successful career in the West Virginia National Guard. Brigadier General Buckalew has honorably and self-lessly served the people of West Virginia for over 44 years, and will be retiring on August 1, 2015. During those many years, Brigadier General Buckalew worked his way up in rank from an enlisted Guardsman to the Director of the Joint Staff of the West Virginia National Guard, and earned numerous awards and decorations in this time as well. We are all grateful for Brigadier General Buckalew’s de-voted service in protection of the freedoms we so enjoy as West Virginians. 
I join with West Virginia National Guard and 
Brigadier General David Buckalew’s friends and family in wishing him a happy retirement, and thanking him for his service to our state, and country. 
f 
HONORING MINNESOTA POLICE 
AND PEACE OFFICERS 
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Ms. M CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, the Min-
nesota Police and Peace Officers Association (MPPOA), the largest association representing Minnesota’s rank-and-file police officers, re-cently met for its annual conference in Alexan-dria, Minnesota. 
During that conference, MPPOA recognized 
several outstanding police officers, including Sergeant Mark Ficcadenti of the St. Paul Po-lice Department who was named Police Offi-cer of the Year. In addition, Officer Mark Ross of the St. Paul Police Department received an Honorable Mention Award. 
Both Sergeant Ficcadenti and Officer Ross 
are constituents of mine and both serve with brave women and men in the St. Paul Police Department. 
Sergeant Ficcadenti received this distin-
guished honor because of his steadfast efforts in forging a relationship between police and the local community. During his more than 30 years of service with the St. Paul Police De-partment, Sergeant Ficcadenti has helped or-ganized community events that provide an op-portunity for people to meet and socialize with local police officers. Some of these events in-clude the ‘‘Safe and Sound’’ program and a Ramadan celebration with the local Somali community. Last year, Sergeant Ficcadenti 
was responsible for organizing the First An-nual East African Junior Police Academy in 2014, which involved East African women and men between the ages of 14 and 22 who were interested in pursuing law enforcement ca-reers. 
Officer Ross is a former school resource of-
ficer who subsequently became a St. Paul pa-trol officer. Last year, Officer Ross noticed a young female high school student who was frequently absent from school. After some in-vestigation, Officer Ross discovered that the student’s father had been abusing and ne-glecting her for years. Today, the young woman has graduated from high school and plans on attending college in the fall. Her fa-ther is currently serving a 25 year prison sen-tence. 
I join MPPOA and all of my fellow Minneso-
tans in applauding these two distinguished public servants. I would like to take this oppor-tunity to thank not only these two outstanding police officers, but all of MPPOA’s brave women and men who keep our communities safe. 
f 
REMEMBERING DONALD CHIN 
HON. ADAM SMITH 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise to honor the life and legacy of Donald ‘‘Donnie’’ Chin, an unsung hero who was both a protector and savior in the International Dis-trict of Seattle. 
Early on the morning of Thursday, July 
23rd, Seattle activist Donnie Chin was taken from our community in a senseless act of vio-lence. A strong force for positive change in Seattle, he was doing what he had done tire-lessly for the previous five decades: patrolling the streets of the International District and car-ing for those in need. 
Throughout his years of service and as the 
Director of the International District Emergency Center, Donnie acted as the International Dis-trict’s guardian. At a young age Donnie recog-nized the delayed emergency response times in his community, and became well known as an effective first responder and frontline hero. From assisting with medical emergencies, to finding lost children and feeding the homeless, he took it upon himself to better the lives of those around him and earned the respect of medical professionals, residents, area busi-ness owners, and local leaders. 
Guided by a love for his community and a 
desire to assist others, Donnie made the Inter-national District and Greater Seattle area a more welcoming and caring place with his unrivaled dedication and courage. While his passing is a tragedy, his life is an inspiration: an inspiration for us all to reach out in our own communities and lend a helping hand. 
Donnie will be remembered as an active 
and caring member of the International District who was always ready to give of himself for his neighbors. He will be greatly missed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:33 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY8.088 E29JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1186 July 29, 2015 
HONORING RAYMOND SIMONDS 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I along with 
Congressman M IKETHOMPSON rise today to 
recognize Raymond Simonds, an outstanding member our community and our friend, for his 40 years of service as a member and past president of the Solano County Fair Associa-tion Board of Directors. 
Over the years, Raymond has demonstrated 
an unwavering commitment to the diverse and changing needs of the county fair. Following his original appointment to the Board of Direc-tors, Raymond has revitalized the county fair-grounds by consistently recruiting new and in-novative attractions. 
In addition to his thirty years of leadership 
on the county fair’s racing committee, Ray-mond has repeatedly distinguished himself as a true supporter of vibrant local traditions and community involvement. Raymond’s service will stand as an enduring inspiration to the next generation of Solano County’s leaders. 
Mr. Speaker, it is appropriate that, on behalf 
of the grateful residents of California’s Third and Fifth Congressional Districts, we recog-nize Mr. Simonds for his forty years of dedi-cated service, and we wish him well as our best wishes for his continued success in the years ahead. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MISS ABIGAIL 
EVELYN SUZAL 
HON. BARRY LOUDERMILK 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Speaker, today I 
would like to recognize Miss Abigail Evelyn Suzal from Georgia’s 11th District for her ef-forts to recognize and appreciate children all over the world. Children are the future of this nation, and we must work hard to preserve freedom, prosperity, and hope for the genera-tions to come. 
I would like to thank Miss Suzal for her let-
ter to my office requesting that Universal Chil-dren’s Day on November 20th be added to the calendar with the possibility of the school day off and breakfast in bed. I applaud Miss Suzal for her advocacy for children worldwide. 
f 
ON THE OCCASION OF THE RE-
TIREMENT OF DR. RUSTY STE-PHENS, PRESIDENT OF WILSON COMMUNITY COLLEGE 
HON. G. K. BUTTERFIELD 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
recognize and congratulate Dr. Rusty Ste-phens, my friend and an exemplary educator, as he retires as President of Wilson Commu-nity College located in my hometown of Wil-son, North Carolina. 
Before embarking on a life of service to a 
number of community colleges, Dr. Stephens himself attended Miami-Dade Community Col-
lege in Miami, Florida. Furthering his edu-cation, Dr. Stephens later obtained a Bach-elor’s and Master’s degree from Florida State University. He went on to earn an Education Doctorate from Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University in Blacksburg, Virginia. Dr. Stephens’ experiences with his own com-munity college education would later give him the unique perspective that allowed him to lead one of the premier community colleges in North Carolina. 
Prior to moving to Wilson, North Carolina, 
Dr. Stephens served numerous community colleges throughout the country beginning in 1971. He has held positions ranging from in-structor to his current post as president and has educated young people from Ohio to Georgia and places in between. Dr. Stephens is truly the embodiment of the American suc-cess story. He now resides in Wilson, North Carolina, with his wife, Sandra. They have been blessed with a beautiful daughter, Heath-er, son-in-law Alex, and two grandsons. 
As President of Wilson Community College, 
Dr. Stephens has overseen the completion of myriad advancements and improvements to the school. He worked with then-Wilson Coun-ty Schools’ Superintendent Larry Price to launch Wilson Early College Academy. That program is now in its seventh year and boasts an enrollment of nearly 300 students. 
In addition to his passion for education, Dr. 
Stevens has an immense interest in sustain-able energy and sustainable environmental practices. He is a member of the North Caro-lina Sustainable Energy Association and the Wilson Sustainable Community Council. He was the driving force behind the addition of the 70,000 square foot Student Center LEED Building to the campus of Wilson Community College. The College, the City and County of Wilson, and our state has greatly benefitted from his work and interest in environmental stewardship. 
Mr. Speaker, Dr. Rusty Stephens has im-
pacted and positively influenced the lives of countless people over his nearly 44 years in education. I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking Dr. Stephens for his dedication to generations past and present and in offering him best wishes as he embarks on the next chapter of his life. 
f 
HONORING JIM THEOFELIS 
HON. ADAM SMITH 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I 
rise to honor the work and achievements of Jim Theofelis, Founder and Executive Director of The Mockingbird Society. 
With an eye towards the future, Mr. 
Theofelis founded The Mockingbird Society in 2001—which has worked to improve the foster care system as well as end youth homeless-ness for the past 14 years. The organization stands on the principle that all young people deserve the right to reach adulthood in a healthy, supportive environment with the op-portunity to thrive in life. 
As Executive Director of The Mockingbird 
Society, Jim and his team successfully advo-cated for a number of policies aimed at re-forming the child welfare system. Under Jim’s 
leadership, The Mockingbird Society pushed for legislation that allowed youth to seal their juvenile records, so they will not be automati-cally disqualified in obtaining employment and housing. The Mockingbird Society also advo-cated for extended foster care and access to medical care for youth, which established the organization as a strong national presence on juvenile policy issues. 
Prior to his work at The Mockingbird Soci-
ety, Jim earned a MAEd from Seattle Univer-sity and served in various positions dedicated to helping youth and families ranging from di-rect service to senior management. Overall, he has spent nearly 35 years working with and advocating for disadvantaged children and youth—specifically in mental health—and has been widely recognized for his hard work and selfless commitment to youth causes. Of his many awards, Jim received the 2011 Jefferson Award, our country’s longest standing and most prestigious celebration of public serv-ice—a testament to his commitment to the community. 
Mr. Speaker, it is with great honor that I rec-
ognize the work Mr. Theofelis has done to re-form the child welfare system in our state and in our nation. Jim’s unrelenting and passionate dedication to advocating for vulnerable youth serves as an example of the tremendous im-pact one outstanding person can have on his community. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF TEACHER AND 
MUSICIAN WILLIAM D EWITT 
HON. GREGORIO KILILI CAMACHO 
SABLAN 
OF THE NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, allow me to add 
to the record of the U.S. House of Represent-atives the story of Mr. William DeWitt, a teach-er, who has brought the art of music in the Northern Mariana Islands to an unprecedented level of excellence and who has given to thou-sands of our young people the joy of finding within themselves their own musical talents. 
Mr. William DeWitt first came to the North-
ern Mariana Islands in 1993, beginning his ca-reer in middle and junior high school, teaching a variety of subjects, including band, piano, and choir. He then accepted an offer to teach at Marianas High School and was successful there at reviving its band program. Enthusiasm for instrumental music education began to cre-scendo, and in 2002 Mr. DeWitt was invited to join the faculty of the newly inaugurated Saipan Southern High School, which was de-signed to be a magnet school for students with an interest in the arts and technology. He has now spent thirteen years at Saipan South-ern, helping countless students fulfill their dream to make music and share it with the world. In doing so, Mr. DeWitt and the stu-dents he has guided have created a legacy, the Saipan Southern High School Manta Ray Band, that is certainly one of the greatest sources of pride for the Northern Marianas Public School System and, indeed, for our en-tire community. 
When Mr. DeWitt came to Saipan 22 years 
ago, he could not have known what he would accomplish. Our island community has always 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:33 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29JY8.092 E29JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1187 July 29, 2015 
teemed with multi-generational musical talent 
and held a deep love for singing. But band music and its array of instruments—the trum-pet, flute, trombone, and clarinet—were less well known. Mr. DeWitt changed that. 
Mr. DeWitt also oversaw the incorporation of 
a growing diversity of students into our schools using music as a unifying influence and adding the international flavor of this new student body to its musical sensibility. Up to 250 students now participate in some aspect of the Manta Ray Band program at Saipan Southern. They come from many ethnicities and cultures—Chamorro, Carolinian, Palauan, Marshallese, Filipino, Korean, Hawaiian, Japa-nese, Chinese, Indian—and William DeWitt has helped them learn to join together as one, making music. 
Perhaps, this very diversity is key to the 
success and world-wide recognition the Manta Ray Band has achieved under the baton of Mr. DeWitt. Five times in the last seven years the Manta Ray Band has earned the Tumon Bay Music Festival Sweepstakes Award, the most wins by any organization in the festival’s history. The Manta Rays have been invited to and performed at two Olympic Games: Beijing in 2008 and London in 2012. The Band has showcased its talents at the Sydney Opera House, Carnegie Hall, Westminster Abbey, and Disneyland. And just last month, at the Los Angeles Musical Festival the Manta Ray Band earned the Gold Award as the highest scoring ensemble in festival competition. 
This Gold Award is something of a fairy-tale 
ending to Mr. DeWitt’s career. His band exe-cuted its performance with a new precision and intensity. His students displayed an infec-tious enthusiasm and rhythmic jaunt that gave their concert an element of variety and versatility no other ensemble could match. But backstage after the event amidst the triumph, while cameras clicked, tears flowed and hugs abounded, as the Manta Rays dealt with the recognition that this pinnacle also marked the end of an era—for Mr. William DeWitt had taken his final bow with the band. 
William DeWitt and his family will now be 
able to spend time with his parents in Cali-fornia, where he will also pursue a post-grad-uate degree. We wish him well. And we will al-ways be grateful to him for the way that he drew from a very small population of students their maximum talent, so inculcating them in the fundamental elements of musicianship that they were able to soar on international stages. 
We will also remember as significant as 
what he gave to each individual student is what Mr. William DeWitt gave to the larger communities of which we are part: the pride and honor his musicians brought to Saipan Southern High School, to the Public School System, and to the Northern Mariana Islands as a whole. This musical venture he has led became a partnership for all of us. Individuals and businesses gladly supported the Manta Ray Band with contributions totaling more than a million dollars over the course of the past decade. And, as a community, we should honor William DeWitt’s legacy by continuing to give our young musicians the opportunity to develop, master, and showcase their talents. 
Thank you, Mr. William DeWitt. May the 
richness of island life always flow in your blood, just as your accomplishments will al-ways be engraved into our island history. TRIBUTE TO DR. SUSAN BECK 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Dr. Susan Beck for being named a 2015 Woman of Influ-ence honoree by the award-winning central Iowa publication, the Des Moines Business Record. 
Since 2000, the Des Moines Business 
Record has undertaken an exhaustive annual review to identify a standout group of female leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities ei-ther personally or professionally, forging a path for other women to follow. The women given this prestigious award are individuals who have selflessly dedicated their time and proven their leadership abilities across a vari-ety of professional fields. 
Dr. Beck’s interest in leadership and the 
health field began at Iowa State University, where she earned her Bachelor’s degree be-fore moving on to receive her Medical degree at the University of Osteopathic Medicine and Health Sciences (now Des Moines University). Dr. Beck has been with the Katzmann Breast Center since 2000, beginning her current role as medical director in 2007. 
Dr. Beck has served in a variety of leader-
ship roles over the years at places like Mercy Medical Center, Des Moines University, Susan G. Komen, and Innervision Health Center. Dr. Beck has proven her leadership abilities time and time again. She has the special talent of bringing people together to achieve one com-mon goal in a way that few are able to mirror. She continually strives for the best and in her spare time she continues working toward her Master’s degree in Public Health. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-
resent leaders like Dr. Beck in the United States Congress. It is with great pride that I recognize and applaud her for utilizing her tal-ents to better her community and the State of Iowa. I invite my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in congratulating her on receiving this esteemed designation, and wishing her the best of luck in all her future endeavors. 
f 
RECOGNIZING JOSEPH ROSSMANN 
HON. TIM WALBERG 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Joseph Rossmann, who will be retir-ing after decades of service to our country as a leader in helping countless Merit Shop con-struction companies provide high quality health insurance and benefits to their employ-ees. 
Mr. Rossmann has led the Associated Build-
ers and Contractors Insurance Trust for almost three decades. Throughout that time, he has worked tirelessly to help ensure that ABC member contractors are able to provide best in class benefits to their employees. 
Through his advanced industry designa-
tions, testimony in Congress on health insur-ance issues and well-recognized thought lead-
ership, he has helped move forward the cause of making healthcare affordable for tens of thousands of construction workers. 
Mr. Rossmann’s distinguished record of 
service to the Merit Shop construction industry and in his local community are to be com-mended. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor Mr. Joseph Rossmann on this well-deserved occasion. I ask that my colleagues join me in wishing him a wonderful retirement and many years of happiness. 
f 
HONORING WARREN K. ASHE, 
PH.D. 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise to ask the 
House of Representatives to join me in re-membering and honoring Warren K. Ashe, Ph.D., who passed away at the age of 85 this week after a lifetime of demonstrating what an African American can achieve, despite being denied the opportunities that were routinely available to other Americans. For purposes of disclosure, Dr. Ashe was my cousin and I am proud of the relationship. 
Although born in Halifax, North Carolina, Dr. 
Ashe was educated in the District of Columbia public schools, including the famed Dunbar High School, in those days of segregation, the 
college preparatory high school in the nation’s capital for Black students. Dr. Ashe served in the U.S. Marine Corps during the Korean War and was honorably discharged as a sergeant. 
Dr. Ashe’s achievements were outstanding 
by any measure. He received his Bachelor of Sciences degree, as well as his M.A. and Ph.D. in microbiology from Howard University, and his M.A. in Religious Studies. 
He rose from grade GS–1 medical biology 
technician at the National Institute of Health to become the first African American to be a sen-ior research scientist at the National Institute for Dental Research, a research microbiologist in the Laboratory of Oral Microbiology, and a health scientist administrator in the Soft Tissue Stomatology Program. While at NIH, Dr. Ashe also served as equal opportunity officer. His selfless dedication to equality for others led him to take considerable risks to ensure that he did not become a token African American. As a result of Dr. Ashe’s work in equal oppor-tunity, the employment of Blacks at NIH and their promotion to scientific and administrative leadership increased significantly. 
In 1971, Dr. Ashe was appointed the first 
dean for research at Howard University. His accomplishments at Howard were remarkable: leadership in the establishment of the first clin-ical research center in the world with NIH funding at Howard University and establish-ment of the National Human Genome Center at Howard that helped in the sequencing of human genomes to tackle diseases that dis-proportionately affect the African diaspora. Dr. Ashe’s professional accomplishments were matched by his dedication in preparing high school students for the health sciences, his activities as a member of the most distin-guished professional organizations in his field, and his devotion, in particular, to his church, Turner Memorial AME, where he was a stew-ard until his passing. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:33 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29JY8.096 E29JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1188 July 29, 2015 
Mr. Speaker, as an African American born 
in 1929, when segregation nationwide barred the doors to success, Dr. Ashe could hardly have dreamed of achieving these accomplish-ments. Dr. Ashe did more than dream—he worked until he moved 20th century discrimi-nation out of his way. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the 
House of Representatives to join me in hon-oring the life and work of Warren K. Ashe, Ph.D. and in sending condolences to his wife, Grace and to Dr. Ashe’s entire family. 
f 
HONORING MS. TATYANA KALINGA 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor 
the service of Tatyana Kalinga, a senior and critical member of my staff. In the coming days, Tatyana will be leaving my office after 11 years to pursue the next steps in her ca-reer. 
Like many Congressional staff members, 
Tatyana started in my office as an intern and joined the team full-time in June of 2004. 
Since she started in the office, I have relied 
on her professionalism, judgement and supe-rior work product as my executive assistant, scheduler and office manager. 
For the past 11 years, she has also served 
as my key liaison to the Congressional Black Caucus, which I had the privilege of chairing during the 111th Congress. 
During her years of dedicated service, 
Tatyana’s most valuable skill has been her ability to step up and perform nearly any task, including assisting with media interviews, mak-ing policy recommendations and representing my office in high-level meetings, including with Heads of State. 
She has been and remains a consummate 
professional who is truly dedicated to her work and serving my constituents. 
In fact, Tatyana’s work has been so exem-
plary in my office that she is often asked to train new staffers in the offices of my col-leagues. 
On a personal note, I have witnessed 
Tatyana’s growth and development from a young intern into a mature and brilliant young woman. She has a very promising future, which my staff and I look forward to wit-nessing. We all intend to keep Tatyana as a valued member of Team Lee within our hearts and in our deeds. 
On behalf of myself and the people of Cali-
fornia’s 13th Congressional district, I’d like to thank Tatyana for her years of dedicated serv-ice. 
Tatyana, we will miss you as you start this 
new chapter in your life but we wish you every success. We cannot wait to see all that you 
will accomplish! 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 70TH AN-
NIVERSARY OF STANLEY AND VIRGINIA SZEJNAR 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
recognition of the 70th wedding anniversary of Stanley and Virginia Szejnar, of Hanover, 
Massachusetts. The Szejnars celebrate sev-enty years of marriage on Wednesday, July 29, 2015. 
Stanley and Virginia’s story is one of ro-
mance, dedication, and patience. Their love has endured from Quincy, Massachusetts to the high seas of the Pacific theater; Norfolk, Virginia to Hanover, Massachusetts. Born in Buffalo, New York, Stanley was stationed at the U.S. Naval Air Station in South Weymouth, Massachusetts during the early years of World War II. It was during this time, in 1941, that he was nervously set up on a blind date with Vir-ginia by her friend and, later, maid of honor. After meeting in the town of Quincy, a trip for ice cream was followed by a long walk—the start of many more dates and conversations to come. 
As their relationship blossomed, Stanley 
learned that he was being transferred to the newly commissioned USS Ticonderoga. He asked Virginia to come with him to Norfolk, Virginia, where the aircraft carrier was docked, and stay at the local USO. When Virginia re-turned home to Boston, she excitedly called her mother with a joyous announcement: she and Stanley were engaged to be married. Shortly thereafter, Stanley shipped out on the USS Ticonderoga . During his time at war, dur-
ing which Stanley survived severe damage to the Ticonderoga and a deployment on the 
Navy destroyer, USS Dyers, Stanley and Vir-
ginia stayed in close contact. They may have been separated by oceans between them, but their love remained strong. 
Upon his return, Stanley and Virginia were 
at last married in 1945. They spent their hon-eymoon enjoying the mists and impressive waterfalls at Niagara Falls near Stanley’s hometown. Following the end of the war, they moved to Hanover, Massachusetts where they reside today. A proud veteran, Stanley is the former commander of the Post #149 American Legion and V.F.W. #178804, as well as a re-tired member of the Local #537 Pipe Fitters Union. After more than seventy years of love, their most precious gift and proudest achieve-ments are their daughter, Candace Finnie, and granddaughter, Ericka, who live in Ocala, Flor-ida. 
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor Stanley 
and Virginia Szejnar on the joyous occasion of their 70th anniversary. I ask that my col-leagues join me in wishing them many more years of happiness. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND WORK 
OF BISHOP RANDY BROWN ROYAL 
HON. G. K. BUTTERFIELD 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I rise to 
recognize and remember my good friend and a cornerstone of eastern North Carolina, Bishop Randy Brown Royal, a resident of Greenville, North Carolina who was called to be with God on Sunday, July 26, 2015 at the age of 63. 
Bishop Royal was born on January 6, 1952, 
in Craven County in New Bern, North Carolina to George Emerson and Sarah Louise Royal. He spent his formative years being educated in the Craven County School system and later attended Shaw University in Raleigh where he 
earned a Bachelor’s degree in Philosophy and Religion and a Master’s degree in Divinity. 
Following his matriculation at Shaw, Bishop 
Royal attended my alma mater of North Caro-lina Central University in Durham and earned a Master’s Degree in Psychology. He com-pleted his education by attaining a Doctoral degree in Religion and Clinical Psychology from the Interdenominational Theological Cen-ter, Morehouse School of Religion in 1979. 
Bishop Royal served as pastor in many 
churches throughout his career, including New Greenleaf Church of Christ in Goldsboro from 1973 until 1978 and Philippi Church of Christ in Greenville, North Carolina beginning in 1982. Under Bishop Royal’s leadership, Phi-lippi Church of Christ has expanded several times to accommodate the growing number of parishioners which now tops 2,500. Just last year, Bishop Royal celebrated his 36th Pas-toral anniversary. 
In addition to his service as a pastor, Bishop 
Royal was also a community activist and dedi-cated public servant in Pitt County, North Carolina. He served as a Pitt County Commis-sioner and on the board of many local organi-zations, including the Pitt County United Way, Pitt County Health Department and Pitt County Memorial Hospital. Bishop Royal also worked with the National Association for the Advance-ment of Colored People and the Southern Christian Leadership Conference. 
Bishop Royal is survived by his three adult 
children Bryan, Onica, and Stephanie; three brothers, Rev. Daniel Royal, Rev. George J. Royal, and Erroll Royal; four sisters, Rev. Bar-bara Davis, Brenda Middleton, Vonshelia Bacon, and Cathy Bacon Lyons; and six grandchildren and three great-grandchildren. 
Mr. Speaker, Bishop Randy Brown Royal 
meant so much to so many people. His lasting contributions to his church family as Bishop and to his community and its citizens as County Commissioner will always be remem-bered. His community, our state of North Carolina, and our great nation are better be-cause of Bishop Randy Royal. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in expressing 
our deepest condolences to the family of Bishop Randy Brown Royal, his congregation, and his community. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. PETER J. ROSKAM 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, on roll call no. 
467, my flight was delayed due to weather. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO LT. GOVERNOR KIM 
REYNOLDS IN THE FIRST SES-SION IN THE 114TH CONGRESS 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Lt. Gov-ernor Kim Reynolds for being named a 2015 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:33 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29JY8.099 E29JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1189 July 29, 2015 
Woman of Influence honoree by the award- 
winning central Iowa publication, the Des Moines Business Record. 
Since 2000, the Des Moines Business 
Record has undertaken an exhaustive annual review to identify a group of standout female leaders in the Greater Des Moines Area that are making an impact in their communities ei-ther personally or professionally, forging a path for other women to follow. The women given this prestigious award are individuals who have selflessly dedicated their time and proven their leadership abilities across a vari-ety of professional fields. 
Lt. Governor Reynolds began her political 
career by serving four terms as the Clarke County Treasurer. She was then elected State Senator of Iowa’s 48th Senate District, where she served until 2010. During her time in the Senate, the Republican nominee for Governor, Terry Branstad, asked then Senator Kim Rey-nolds to serve on his ticket as the nominee for Lt. Governor. She accepted his request and the rest is history. 
Lt. Governor Reynolds has dedicated her 
life to serving the people of Iowa. As Lt. Gov-ernor she has leveraged her unique under-standing of small rural communities and their governments to bring good, high paying jobs to the state. Lt. Governor Reynolds has also built strong, lasting relationships with some of Iowa’s most important global trading partners. Her long list of accomplishments is a testa-ment to her hard work, dedication and willing-ness to selflessly serve all Iowans. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a profound honor to rep-
resent leaders like Lt. Governor Kim Reynolds in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I recognize and applaud her for utilizing her talents to better the State of Iowa. I invite my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in congratulating her on receiving this esteemed designation, and wishing her the best of luck in all her future endeavors. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ADAM SMITH 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, on 
Tuesday, July 22, 2015, I was detained in a meeting and unable to make the first vote in a series. I would have voted ‘‘No’’ on roll call vote No. 450 (on ordering the previous ques-tion on H. Res. 369). 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF JANET SIKES’ 
SERVICE AS FIRE CHIEF OF THE CITY OF WOODHAVEN 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to 
recognize Janet Sikes for her 29 years of service to the Woodhaven Fire Department, 18 of those served as Fire Chief. During her career, Janet has saved many lives, and en-riched countless others. 
Janet has served as a role model in our 
community as Woodhaven’s first female fire chief. Her qualifications and professionalism 
as an emergency medical technician, para-medic, and arson investigator have inspired others towards public service and her ability to coordinate with the department’s partners is much-praised among her colleagues. Her dedication and good humor has been a tre-mendous asset for the city, and has helped the Fire Department offset budget restrictions and foster a greater sense of community in Woodhaven and beyond. Janet is a true gem in our community and Woodhaven is fortunate to call her their own and grateful for her con-tributions. 
Janet’s commitment to education has been 
evidenced by her annual trips to each elemen-tary school in the city to teach fire safety. ‘‘Firefighter Jan’’ is no stranger to the class-room, and has used her experience as a physical education instructor to promote fire prevention techniques that students find as ex-citing as they are informative. Jan has also promoted higher education in Woodhaven, partnering with Wayne County Community College to provide two full scholarships for students in her community to pursue a career in public safety. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me 
today to honor Chief Janet Sikes for her twen-ty-nine years of service and her lasting impact on the Downriver communities. I thank her for her leadership, and wish her many years of success. 
f 
URGING AWARD OF CONGRES-
SIONAL GOLD MEDAL TO PRESI-DENT LYNDON BAINES JOHNSON FOR HIS EXTRAORDINARY RECORD OF ACHIEVEMENT IN THE FIELD OF DOMESTIC AF-FAIRS 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent to address the House for 1 minute and revise and extend my remarks. 
Today I introduced legislation awarding the 
Congressional Gold Medal to Lyndon Baines Johnson, the 36th President of the United States whose vision and leadership secured passage of the landmark Voting Rights Act of 1965, the Social Security Amendments Act (Medicare) of 1965, the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Higher Education Act of 1965, and the Immigration and Naturalization Act of 1965. 
The awarding of the Congressional Gold 
Medal is long overdue recognition of the re-markable record of achievement in the field of domestic affairs of the person most respon-sible for several of the nation’s landmark laws that mark their 50th anniversary this year. 
Mr. Speaker, as a Member of Congress 
from the Tenth Congressional District of Texas, as Majority Leader of the U.S. Senate, Vice-President and President of the United States, Lyndon Baines Johnson’s domestic ac-complishments in the fields of civil rights, edu-cation, and economic opportunity rank among the greatest achievements of the past half century. 
As President, Lyndon Johnson proposed, 
championed, led to passage, and signed into law on August 6, 1965 the Voting Rights Act 
of 1965, which swept away barriers impeding millions of Americans from meaningful partici-pation in American political life. 
On July 30, 1965, President Johnson signed 
into law the Social Security Amendments Act of 1965, which we today know as Medicare, which has transformed the delivery of health care in the United States and which, along with Social Security, reduced the rate of pov-erty among the elderly from 28.5 percent in 1966 to 9.1 percent in 2012. 
On July 2, 1964 President Johnson secured 
passage and signed into law the most sweep-ing civil rights legislation since Reconstruction, the Civil Rights Act of 1964, which prohibits discrimination in employment, education, and public accommodations based on race, color, religion, or national origin. 
On November 8, 1965, President Johnson 
signed into law the Higher Education Act, which provided need-based financial aid to students in the form of scholarships, work- study grants, and loans, and thus for the first time made higher education more accessible to populations of persons who were previously unable to attend college because of economic circumstances. 
On October 3, 1965, President Johnson 
signed into law the Immigration and Natu-ralization Act of 1965, which transformed the nation’s immigration system by abolishing the racially based quota system that had defined American immigration policy for the previous four decades and replaced it with a policy whose central purpose was family reunifica-tion, with a preference for immigrants with specific skillsets. 
According to Robert A. Caro, the pre-
eminent biographer of Lyndon Baines John-son, with the single exception of Abraham Lin-coln, Lyndon Johnson was the greatest cham-pion of the poor and underprivileged in the history of the Republic and was the President ‘‘who wrote mercy and justice into the statute books by which America was governed.’’ 
I invite all Members to join me in sponsoring 
this legislation awarding the Congressional Gold Medal and recognizing the extraordinary domestic achievements of President Lyndon Baines Johnson, the 36th President of the United States. 
f 
HONORING DAVID FINKEL 
HON. JULIA BROWNLEY 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Mr. Speaker, 
today I rise to recognize the remarkable life of David B. Finkel, an honorable veteran, a dis-tinguished civil rights attorney, an esteemed elected official, and someone I was privileged to call a friend. David deeply impacted count-less lives by standing up for civil rights, free-dom of speech, affordable housing, and edu-cational equality for over six decades. David was also a longtime and devoted member of the Sholem community and will be remem-bered for his integrity and compassion as a ‘‘warrior for justice.’’ 
David, the son of Jewish immigrants fleeing 
persecution in Europe, lived through historical events such as the Great Depression and World War II. These heavy experiences 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:33 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29JY8.104 E29JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1190 July 29, 2015 
shaped David into a lifelong advocate for so-
cial justice by instilling deep values within him of humility and humanitarianism. In his youth, David served as Bal Torah at Temple B’nai Abraham under Rabbi Joachim Prinz, who ad-vocated for equality as a speaker at the 1963 March on Washington. This experience gave David a deeper understanding of human rights that he carried with him throughout his life. 
During the Cold War, David served in the 
U.S. Army and refused to sign the loyalty oath when his mother was brought before the House Un-American Activities Committee. David won a case before the U.S. Supreme Court when he argued that a son should not be forced to choose between the 10th Amend-
ment to honor country and the 10th Com-mandment to honor family. David’s involve-ment in this case carved a path for him to fol-low a career in law and justice. 
Through discipline and dedication, David ob-
tained his undergraduate degree from the Uni-versity of Chicago in 1951 and earned his Juris Doctorate from the University of South-ern California in 1959. In the 1960s, David worked during the Freedom Summer in Mis-sissippi, as well as a defense lawyer of con-scientious objectors during the Vietnam War. 
In his noteworthy legal career, David was 
known for his work ethic as he tried cases representing labor unions advocating for work-ing families, freedom of speech cases for pro-fessors and students, and discrimination cases promoting racial equality and protecting civil rights. 
David began his notable political career 
when he became a founding member of Santa Monicans for Renters Rights in 1981 and was elected to the Santa Monica Rent Control Board in 1983. David was first elected to the Santa Monica City Council in 1986, where he served a period as Mayor Pro-Tempore. David was then elected to the Los Angeles Superior Court in Santa Monica in 1984. Upon retire-ment from the bench, David began to humbly teach at Santa Monica City College in 2002 as he wanted to contribute more to the commu-nity. In 2006, David was recruited and elected to the Santa Monica College Board of Trust-ees, where he served until 2014. 
Those who knew David, remember him 
fondly as a compassionate, thoughtful, and brilliant advocate for his community. David worked with a great spirit and it was his stead-fast commitment to serving his community that made for a particularly extraordinary career and life. 
In heartfelt recognition and appreciation of 
the outstanding impact and contributions that David made to his community and country, I wish to send my sincere condolences to his wife, Bruria, his family, and to all who knew him. His work and legacy are immeasurable, and his presence in the community will be greatly missed. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE NORTH-
WEST FLORIDA STATE COLLEGE RAIDERS’ BASEBALL TEAM AS NATIONAL CHAMPIONS 
HON. JEFF MILLER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. MILLER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate the Northwest Florida State College Raiders’ baseball team on their 
victory in the 2015 JUCO World Series, bring-ing home the school’s first NJCAA Baseball National Championship. This hard-earned title is a testament to their dedication to excel-lence, commitment to teamwork, and unwaver-ing work ethic, and all of Northwest Florida celebrates their tremendous success. 
While the Raiders capped their season with 
a dominant 15–1 victory over McLennan Com-munity College in the championship game, the Raiders’ players, coaches, and staff proved throughout the season that they had the met-tle of true champions as they persevered through difficult stretches early in the season. Despite tough early season losses that saw the team drop to 4–5 in conference play, Raid-ers’ Head Coach Doug Martin and his players were undeterred, and they continued to work hard each day in pursuit of a championship. 
Even after an impressive late season run— 
which saw the Raiders win 14 of their last 16 games, including a seven-game winning streak that included a sweep of the Gulf Dis-trict/FCSAA State Tournament that qualified them for the World Series—the Raiders came into the JUCO World Series ranked 14th in the Nation. But, despite being an underdog, the Raiders pulled off impressive victories—de-feating three top ten teams, including the num-ber one ranked team in the country by a mar-gin of 10–0—en route to a rematch in the Na-tional Championship game with the only team that defeated them during the World Series: McLennan Community College. In the re-match, the Raiders put in a true team perform-ance and in the end they earned a well-de-served 15–1 victory to bring the national title back to Northwest Florida. 
Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the United States 
Congress, I am privileged to recognize the Raiders players—Aaron Palmer, Onix Mar-tinez, Danny Blanco, Corderias Dorsey, Tra’Mayne Holmes, Will Luft, Mack Hathcock, Hunter Beard, Avery Geyer, Evan Hebert, Ryan Leone, Dakota Dean, Andrew Deramo, James Granat, Tanner Halstead, Ross Goforth, Shawn Feltner, Rex Rutledge, Carlos Alayon, Brian Browning, Lukas Holub, Trey Lang, Jarren Pinkney, and Hunter Bening— Head Coach Doug Martin, Assistant Coaches Andrew Franco and Brett Stewart, Athletic Di-rector Ramsey Ross, and the entire Raiders staff and fans on their national championship. My wife Vicki and I congratulate the entire Raiders baseball program and wish them all the best for continued success in the future. 
f 
CONGRATULATING EDWARD LEE 
MCCLAIN HIGH SCHOOL 
HON. BRAD R. WENSTRUP 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to congratulate Edward Lee McClain High School of Greenfield, Ohio, on their 100-year anniversary and celebration. 
For a century, McClain High School has 
stood proudly at the heart of Greenfield, edu-cating the community’s next generation and preparing them for the future. 
Originally donated by Edward Lee McClain 
and his wife Lulu in 1915, McClain High School has since fulfilled its stated mission of ‘‘producing graduates who are well equipped 
to meet the challenges of education, work, and life.’’ 
Alongside the 100 years of quality education 
it has provided to the children of Greenfield, McClain has become famous for the historic art contained within its walls. 
Truly a jewel of culture, students are im-
mersed in a rich history of art and tradition, in-cluding murals, statues, and architecture. 
The institution and its graduates owe a debt 
of gratitude to the community of Greenfield, for the continued support in preserving and main-taining the magnificent building. 
McClain High School is a living legacy of 
Edward McClain’s hopes that the Greenfield school would be an institution which encour-aged ‘‘higher education, purer morals, and broader and better citizenship.’’ 
I am honored to represent a district which 
contains such a quality and historic edu-cational institution within its borders. I applaud Edward Lee McClain High School on this his-toric milestone, and I wish the school the very best over their next 100 years. 
f 
100TH ANNIVERSARY OF 
CLARKDALE FRUIT FARMS 
HON. JAMES P. McGOVERN 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on July 19th, 
I had the wonderful opportunity to attend the Centennial Event at the Clarkdale Fruit Farm in Deerfield, Massachusetts and celebrate 100 years of family business. 
The Clarkdale Fruit Farm has generated tre-
mendous good will and contributions to our community. I love this farm and all it stands for. Locally grown fresh fruit—apples, peach-es, nectarines, plums and pears—all on beau-tiful land preserved for farming. 
The Clark family are not only great farmers 
and great business people. They are not only great community activists. They’re really in-credible, nice people. 
This is a family who works hard and cares 
deeply about the community. 
I want to say a special thanks to Tom and 
Ben Clark for inviting me to join them on their beautiful farm—truly a gem in the Pioneer Val-ley. I also want to thank the rest of the Clark family: Becky Clark—Ben’s mother and Tom’s wife, Lori Clark—Ben’s wife, and Emerson Clark—Ben and Lori’s son. The farm is a won-derful place and they have so much to be proud of. 
It was a thrill to celebrate the 100th anniver-
sary of the Clarkdale Fruit Farms, which has a rich history and a special place in the agri-cultural heritage of Central Massachusetts. 
Clarkdale Fruit Farms is also a leading ex-
ample of what sustainable agriculture can ac-complish, supporting many of our region’s local businesses and communities. 
As we commemorate the 100th anniversary, 
we are not just celebrating the past. We are also celebrating the future. 
Clarkdale Fruit Farm is helping to keep 
Massachusetts agriculture vibrant and strong and I look forward to their continued success in the years to come. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:33 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY8.108 E29JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1191 July 29, 2015 
25TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE POW/ 
MIA FLAG 
HON. ELIZABETH H. ESTY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Ms. ESTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-
ognize the upcoming 25th anniversary of the POW/MIA flag. 
In May of 1970, the National League of 
Families of American Prisoners and Missing in Southeast Asia was founded in Washington, D.C. One year after the first official meeting, Mary Hoff, the wife of a service member des-ignated as missing in action during the Viet-nam War, introduced the idea of creating a flag to remember and honor military men and woman like her husband. 
Twenty-five years ago, on August 25, 1990, 
Congress designated the POW/MIA flag as ‘‘the symbol of our Nation’s concern and com-mitment to resolving as fully as possible the fates of Americans still prisoner, missing and unaccounted for in Southeast Asia.’’ Now, the POW/MIA flag flies for every man and woman who has given his or her life for our great country and remains captured or missing. 
To commemorate the 25th anniversary of 
the recognition of this flag, Wheeler-Young VFW Post 201 from Waterbury, Connecticut will lay a wreath at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier at Arlington National Cemetery on Au-gust 10, 2015. VFW Post 201 is a vibrant post involved in numerous activities in the Water-bury community. They recently celebrated the grand opening of their new location. Wheeler- Young VFW Post 201 exemplifies the promise of leaving no man behind and the mission to educate and promote veterans’ issues. Post 201 is a pillar of our community. 
Thank you to Post 201 for recognizing and 
honoring our nation’s Prisoners of War and personnel Missing in Action. I stand with you to ensure that they are not forgotten. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MERCY CORNING 
HOSPITAL 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to recognize and congratulate Mercy Corning Hospital of Corning, Iowa, for receiv-ing a Silver Safety Award. 
Each year the National Safety Council 
Greater Omaha Chapter recognizes busi-nesses, organizations, and individuals who demonstrate an outstanding commitment to safety. Mercy Corning Hospital was given this prestigious award for continuously promoting a culture of safety and accountability. Their hard work and commitment to serving others through a safe and healthy hospital environ-ment truly embodies our Iowa values. 
Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent the 
members of the Mercy Corning Hospital in the United States Congress, and it is with great pride that I congratulate them today. I know my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives will join me in congratulating them for receiving this award and thanking them for their commitment to serving others. I wish all the employees at Mercy Corning Hos-
pital nothing but the best moving forward. 
f 
REGULATIONS FROM THE EXECU-
TIVE IN NEED OF SCRUTINY ACT OF 2015 
SPEECH OF  
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
The House in Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 427) to amend chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, to provide that major rules of the executive branch shall have no force or effect unless a joint resolution of approval is enacted into law: 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Chair, yester-
day, the House voted on H.R. 427, Regula-tions from the Executive in Need of Scrutiny Act of 2015. I was unavoidably detained, but if I had been present, I would have opposed this legislation. While the bill claims to accom-plish well-meaning goals such as increasing ‘‘accountability for and transparency in the fed-eral regulatory process,’’ it only threatens the historic separation of legislative and executive powers. 
By requiring a joint resolution of approval 
from Congress before any ‘‘major’’ rules set forth by a federal agency come into effect, the REINS act attempts to undermine executive power and expand congressional regulatory authority. This partisan bill is a thinly vailed at-tempt to score political points by attacking the Obama Administration. And as Republican leaders take another ideological swipe at the Obama administration, a number of more pressing issues go unaddressed, especially as we leave for our District Work Period. 
Second-guessing agency standards and 
rules that are supposed to be governed by Congressional laws is not only redundant but is reflective of the Republican’s relentless pur-suit of removing important and necessary reg-ulations. Given that the bill also has a 70-day requirement to approve any new standards, the potential for delays in enacting public safe-guards is steep, particularly if bipartisan coali-tions can’t quickly draft joint resolutions. 
We have seen efforts to push this legislation 
through three times previously, and each time it has failed to pass both houses. I urge my fellow Members of Congress to reject this harmful piece of legislation once more. 
f 
REGULATIONS FROM THE EXECU-
TIVE IN NEED OF SCRUTINY ACT OF 2015 
SPEECH OF  
HON. CHRIS VAN HOLLEN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Tuesday, July 28, 2015 
The House in Committee of the Whole 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 427) to amend chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, to provide that major rules of the executive branch shall have no force or effect unless a joint resolution of approval is enacted into law: Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Chair, I rise today in 
opposition to H.R. 427, the so-called ‘‘Regula-tions from the Executive in Need of Scrutiny (REINS) Act of 2015.’’ 
The REINS Act is yet another attempt by 
House Republicans to limit the ability of fed-eral agencies to enforce commonsense rules and regulations. This legislation would require Congressional approval before an agency can issue any major new rule. Congress relies on agencies to promulgate rules, because they have expertise in a given area. However, this bill would require that congressional politics play a part in deciding complicated rules and regulations. As a result, this legislation is de-signed to protect special interests while under-mining the ability of federal agencies from doing their jobs and working to ensure there are safeguards in place to protect the public’s health and safety. 
Moreover, Congress already has consider-
able power to review and reject the rules issued by executive agencies. For the past two decades, Congress has had the authority to pass a joint resolution disapproving any rule within 60 days of receiving the rule. If the President signs the resolution of disapproval, the regulation is not implemented. In addition, President Obama has implemented significant reforms to the rulemaking process. In January 2010, he signed an Executive Order requiring agencies to determine if the benefits of pro-posed rules are justified considering their cost to society. 
At a time when Congress should be doing 
everything it can to create jobs and improve the economy, this bill is nothing but a distrac-tion. I urge my colleagues to oppose this legis-lation. 
f 
CONGRESSWOMAN SEWELL URGES 
IMMEDIATE REAUTHORIZATION OF THE EXPORT-IMPORT BANK 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  
Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, 
today I rise to urge the immediate reauthoriza-tion of the Export-Import Bank. The Ex-Im Bank has become a crucial driver of our econ-omy by offering loans, capital insurance, and other financial services to businesses who wish to invest in American products and grow their businesses. It fills the gap between do-mestic capital and domestic investment, en-suring that each and every opportunity to ex-pand our economy has the financial backing to do so. Furthermore, the Ex-Im Bank is an ex-ceptional government institution insofar that it both improves our economy and makes money. 
For these reasons, Ex-Im Bank reauthoriza-
tion has been relatively uncontroversial in the past. During the 112th Congress, my first term in office, we reauthorized the Ex-Im Bank with a vote that crossed party lines. However, I have witnessed the agreement and goodwill surrounding this issue deteriorate during my tenure. On July 1st, 2015, this burgeoning par-tisanship brought the Export-Import Bank to a screeching halt. Members of this congres-sional body refused to renew the charter for the Ex-Im Bank, allowing it to shut down en-tirely. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:33 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29JY8.112 E29JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1192 July 29, 2015 
Since the first day of this month, our obsti-
nacy has cost our nation over fifty million dol-lars. Every day that we allow this shut down to continue, we are shortchanging our tax-payers another two million dollars. This inac-tion is irresponsible, short-sighted, and detri-mental to our economy. The American people want us to create jobs and help small busi-nesses grow, not play political games. 
I urge my colleagues to reauthorize the Ex-
port-Import Bank immediately. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS 
Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, 
agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. 
As an additional procedure along 
with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  
on Monday and Wednesday of each week. 
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, 
July 30, 2015 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . 
MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
AUGUST 4 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Environment and Public 
Works 
Subcommittee on Superfund, Waste Man-
agement, and Regulatory Oversight 
To hold an oversight hearing to examine 
litigation at the Environmental Pro-tection Agency and Fish and Wildlife Service, focusing on impacts on the United States economy, States, local 
communities, and the environment. 
SD–406 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Re-
sources 
To hold hearings to examine the back- 
end of the nuclear fuel cycle and re-lated legislation, including S. 854, to establish a new organization to manage nuclear waste, provide a consensual process for siting nuclear waste facili-ties, ensure adequate funding for man-aging nuclear waste. 
SD–366 
Committee on Finance 
To hold hearings to examine preserving 
families and reducing the need for fos-ter care. 
SD–215 
Committee on Foreign Relations 
To hold hearings to examine the Joint 
Comprehensive Plan of Action, focus-ing on non-proliferation, inspections, and nuclear constraints. 
SD–419 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
To hold an oversight hearing to examine 
the Bureau of Prisons, focusing on first-hand accounts of challenges fac-ing the Federal prison system. 
SD–342 
2:30 p.m. 
Committee on Foreign Relations 
To hold hearings to examine the nomina-
tions of Ann Calvaresi Barr, of Mary-land, to be Inspector General, United States Agency for International Devel-opment, and David Malcolm Robinson, of Connecticut, to be an Assistant Sec-retary of State (Conflict and Stabiliza-tion Operations), and to be Coordinator for Reconstruction and Stabilization. 
SD–419 
3 p.m. 
Select Committee on Intelligence 
To hold closed hearings to examine cer-
tain intelligence matters. 
SH–219 AUGUST 5 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and 
Urban Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine the implica-
tions of sanctions relief under the Iran agreement. 
SD–538 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, 
and Pensions 
To hold hearings to examine reauthor-
izing the Higher Education Act, focus-ing on opportunities to improve stu-dent success. 
SD–430 
Committee on the Judiciary 
To hold hearings to examine the Depart-
ment of Justice’s legal obligation to ensure Inspector General access to all records needed for independent over-sight. 
SD–226 
AUGUST 6 
9 a.m. 
Committee on Homeland Security and 
Governmental Affairs 
Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and 
Federal Management 
To hold hearings to examine agency 
progress in retrospective review of ex-isting regulations. 
SD–342 
9:30 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services 
To hold hearings to examine the procure-
ment, acquisition, testing, and over-sight of the Navy’s Gerald R. Ford -class 
aircraft carrier program. 
SD–G50 
2:30 p.m. 
Select Committee on Intelligence 
To receive a closed briefing on certain 
intelligence matters. 
SH–219 
SEPTEMBER 10 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and 
Urban Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine the nomina-
tion of Adam J. Szubin, of the District of Columbia, to be Under Secretary for Terrorism and Financial Crimes, De-partment of the Treasury. 
SD–538 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:33 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JY8.116 E29JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D904 Wednesday, July 29, 2015 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S6089–6146 
Measures Introduced: Seventeen bills and two reso-
lutions were introduced, as follows: S. 1882–1898, and S. Res. 234–235.
                                              Page S6136 
Measures Reported: 
S. 373, to provide for the establishment of nation-
ally uniform and environmentally sound standards governing discharges incidental to the normal oper-ation of a vessel, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–96) 
S. 284, to impose sanctions with respect to for-
eign persons responsible for gross violations of inter-
nationally recognized human rights, with an amend-ment. 
S. 1596, to designate the facility of the United 
States Postal Service located at 2082 Stringtown Road in Grove City, Ohio, as the ‘‘Specialist Joseph W. Riley Post Office Building’’. 
S. 1632, to require a regional strategy to address 
the threat posed by Boko Haram, with an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute. 
S. 1826, to designate the facility of the United 
States Postal Service located at 99 West 2nd Street in Fond du Lac, Wisconsin, as the Lieutenant Colo-nel James ‘‘Maggie’’ Megellas Post Office.
     Page 6134 
Measures Passed: 
Authorize Printing: Senate agreed to S. Res. 234, 
to authorize the printing of a collection of the rules of the committees of the Senate.
                       Page S6144 
National Spinal Cord Injury Awareness Month: 
Senate agreed to S. Res. 235, designating September 2015 as ‘‘National Spinal Cord Injury Awareness Month’’.
                                                                          Page S6144 
Measures Considered: 
Hire More Heroes Act—Agreement : Senate con-
tinued consideration of H.R. 22, to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Vet-erans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act, after taking action 
on the following motions and amendments proposed thereto:
                                                                    Pages S6091–92 
Adopted: 
McConnell (for Inhofe) Amendment No. 2533 (to 
Amendment No. 2421), relating to Federal-aid high-ways and highway safety construction programs. 
                                                                                            Page S6092 
McConnell Amendment No. 2421 (to Amend-
ment No. 2266), of a perfecting nature.        Page S6091 
By 62 yeas to 38 nays (Vote No. 258), McConnell 
Modified Amendment No. 2266, in the nature of a substitute.
                                                                      Page S6092 
Rejected: 
McConnell Amendment No. 2417 (to the lan-
guage proposed to be stricken by Amendment No. 2266), to change the enactment date. (Senate tabled the amendment.)
                                                        Page S6091 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate 
also took the following action: 
McConnell Amendment No. 2418 (to Amend-
ment No. 2417), of a perfecting nature, fell when McConnell Amendment No. 2417 (to the language proposed to be stricken by Amendment No. 2266) (listed above), was tabled.
                                     Page S6091 
By 65 yeas to 35 nays (Vote No. 259), three-fifths 
of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, having voted in the affirmative, Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the bill.
                   Page S6092 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding for further consideration of the bill, post-clo-ture, at approximately 10:00 a.m., on Thursday, July 30, 2015; that the time until 12:00 p.m. be equally divided in the usual form; and that all time during the adjournment of the Senate count post-cloture on the bill.
                                                                   Pages S6144–45 
Surface Transportation and Veterans Health Care Choice Improvement Act—Agreement: A 
unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that if the Senate receives the papers for H.R. 3236, to provide an extension of Federal-aid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, to provide resource flexibility to the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs for health care services, that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:39 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D29JY5.REC D29JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D905 July 29, 2015 
at 1:45 p.m., on Thursday, July 30, 2015, Senate 
begin consideration of the bill and vote on passage, with no intervening action of debate, and that there be a 60 affirmative vote threshold for passage of the bill.
                                                                                   Page S6144 
Message from the President: Senate received the 
following message from the President of the United States: 
Transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on the 
continuation of the national emergency that was originally declared in Executive Order 13441 with respect to Lebanon; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. (PM–22)
                                                                         Page S6132 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-
lowing nominations: 
Allison Beck, of the District of Columbia, to be 
Federal Mediation and Conciliation Director. 
                                                                                            Page S6146 
Carol Fortine Ochoa, of Virginia, to be Inspector 
General, General Services Administration.    Page S6146 
Jeffrey Michael Prieto, of California, to be General 
Counsel of the Department of Agriculture. 
                                                                                            Page S6146 
1 Marine Corps nomination in the rank of general. 
                                                                                            Page S6146 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-
lowing nominations: 
2 Air Force nominations in the rank of general. 1 Navy nomination in the rank of admiral. Routine lists in the Air Force and Army. 
                                                                                    Pages S6145–46 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S6132 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S6132 
Measures Placed on the Calendar:               Page S6132 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                                    Page S6132 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S6132–34 
Executive Reports of Committees:       Pages S6134–36 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S6136–38 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S6138–43 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S6130–32 
Authorities for Committees to Meet: 
                                                                                    Pages S6143–44 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S6144 
Record Votes: Two record votes were taken today. 
(Total—259)                                                                 Page S6092 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and 
adjourned at 6:28 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Thursday, July 30, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on 
page S6145.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
JOINT COMPREHENSIVE PLAN OF ACTION 
Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine the impacts of the Joint Com-prehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) on United States interests and the military balance in the Middle East, after receiving testimony from John F. Kerry, Secretary of State; Ashton B. Carter, Secretary, and General Martin E. Dempsey, USA, Chairman, Joint Chiefs of Staff, both of the Department of Defense; Jacob J. Lew, Secretary of the Treasury; and Ernest J. Moniz, Secretary of Energy. 
PUBLIC AND PRIVATE SHIPYARDS 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Readi-
ness and Management Support concluded a hearing to examine best practices at public and private ship-yards, after receiving testimony from Ray Bagley, Huntington Ingalls Industries Newport News Ship-building, Newport News, Virginia; and Paul O’Con-nor, Portsmouth Naval Shipyard, Portsmouth, Maine. 
BANKRUPTCY REFORM 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: 
Subcommittee on Financial Institutions and Con-sumer Protection concluded a hearing to examine the role of bankruptcy reform in addressing too-big-to- fail, including S. 1840, to amend title 11, United States Code, to provide for the liquidation, reorga-nization, or recapitalization of a covered financial corporation, after receiving testimony from Randall D. Guynn, Davis Polk and Wardwell LLP, New York, New York, on behalf of the Bipartisan Policy Center Financial Regulatory Reform Initiative Fail-ure Resolution Task Force; John B. Taylor, Stanford University Hoover Institution, Palo Alto, California; Thomas H. Jackson, University of Rochester, Roch-ester, New York; and Simon Johnson, MIT Sloan School of Management, Cambridge, Massachusetts, on behalf of the Peterson Institute for International Economics. 
WIRELESS BROADBAND 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: 
Committee concluded a hearing to examine wireless broadband and the future of spectrum policy, after receiving testimony from Jessica Rosenworcel, Com-missioner, Federal Communications Commission; Meredith Attwell Baker, CTIA—The Wireless Asso-ciation, and Thomas M. Lenard, Technology Policy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:39 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D29JY5.REC D29JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D906 July 29, 2015 
Institute, both of Washington, D.C.; J. Pierre de 
Vries, University of Colorado Silicon Flatirons Center for Law, Technology and Entrepreneurship Spectrum 
Policy Initiative, Boulder; and Blair Levin, Brook-ings Institute Metropolitan Policy Program, Chevy Chase, Maryland. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee 
continued consideration of an original bill to provide for the modernization of the energy policy of the United States, but did not complete action thereon, and will meet again on Thursday, July 30, 2015. 
Committee recessed subject to the call. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: Com-
mittee ordered favorably reported the nominations of Vanessa Lorraine Allen Sutherland, of Virginia, to be Chairperson of the Chemical Safety and Hazard In-vestigation Board, Kristen Marie Kulinowski, of New York, to be a Member of the Chemical Safety and Hazard Investigation Board, Gregory Guy Nadeau, of Maine, to be Administrator of the Fed-eral Highway Administration, Department of Trans-portation, and Eric Martin Satz, of Tennessee, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Tennessee Valley Authority. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee ordered fa-
vorably reported the following business items: 
S. 284, to impose sanctions with respect to for-
eign persons responsible for gross violations of inter-nationally recognized human rights, with an amend-ment; 
S. 1632, to require a regional strategy to address 
the threat posed by Boko Haram, with an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute; 
S. 1875, to support enhanced accountability for 
United States assistance to Afghanistan, with an amendment; and 
The nominations of Michele Thoren Bond, of the 
District of Columbia, to be an Assistant Secretary (Consular Affairs), Sarah Elizabeth Mendelson, of the District of Columbia, to be Representative on the Economic and Social Council of the United Nations, with the rank of Ambassador, and to be an Alternate Representative to the Sessions of the General Assem-bly of the United Nations, Sheila Gwaltney, of Cali-fornia, to be Ambassador to the Kyrgyz Republic, Perry L. Holloway, of South Carolina, to be Ambas-sador to the Co-operative Republic of Guyana, Laura Farnsworth Dogu, of Texas, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Nicaragua, Peter F. Mulrean, of Massa-chusetts, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Haiti, Kathleen Ann Doherty, of New York, to be Ambas-sador to the Republic of Cyprus, James Desmond 
Melville, Jr., of New Jersey, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Estonia, Samuel D. Heins, of Min-
nesota, to be Ambassador to the Kingdom of Nor-way, Hans G. Klemm, of Michigan, to be Ambas-sador to Romania, Paul Wayne Jones, of Maryland, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Poland, all of the Department of State, Gayle Smith, of Ohio, to be Administrator, and Thomas O. Melia, of Mary-land, to be an Assistant Administrator, both of the United States Agency for International Development, and routine lists in the Foreign Service. 
JOINT COMPREHENSIVE PLAN OF ACTION 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded 
a hearing to examine the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, after receiving testimony from Mark Dubowitz, Foundation for Defense of Democracies Center of Sanctions and Illicit Finance, Washington, D.C.; and Nicholas Burns, Harvard Kennedy School, Boston, Massachusetts. 
FINANCIAL CRISIS IN GREECE 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on Eu-
rope and Regional Security Cooperation concluded a hearing to examine the financial crisis in Greece, fo-cusing on implications and lessons learned, after re-ceiving testimony from John B. Taylor, Stanford University Hoover Institution, Stanford, California; and Robert B. Kahn, Council on Foreign Relations, Washington, D.C. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-
fairs: Committee ordered favorably reported the fol-
lowing business items: 
S. 1864, to improve national security by devel-
oping metrics to measure the effectiveness of security between ports of entry, at points of entry, and along the maritime border; 
S. 1846, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 
2002 to secure critical infrastructure against electro-magnetic threats, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; 
S. 1869, to improve federal network security and 
authorize and enhance an existing intrusion detection and prevention system for civilian federal networks, with amendments; 
S. 1073, to amend the Improper Payments Elimi-
nation and Recovery Improvement Act of 2012, in-cluding making changes to the Do Not Pay initia-tive, for improved detection, prevention, and recov-ery of improper payments to deceased individuals, with amendments; 
S. 1868, to extend by 15 years the authority of 
the Secretary of Commerce to conduct the quarterly financial report program, with an amendment; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:39 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D29JY5.REC D29JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D907 July 29, 2015 
S. 1808, to require the Secretary of Homeland Se-
curity to conduct a Northern Border threat analysis, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; 
S. 779, to provide for Federal agencies to develop 
public access policies relating to research conducted by employees of that agency or from funds adminis-tered by that agency, with an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute; 
S. 1170, to amend title 39, United States Code, 
to extend the authority of the United States Postal Service to issue a semipostal to raise funds for breast cancer research; 
H.R. 1531, to amend title 5, United States Code, 
to provide a pathway for temporary seasonal employ-ees in Federal land management agencies to compete for vacant permanent positions under internal merit promotion procedures; 
S. 1596, to designate the facility of the United 
States Postal Service located at 2082 Stringtown Road in Grove City, Ohio, as the ‘‘Specialist Joseph W. Riley Post Office Building’’; 
S. 1826, to designate the facility of the United 
States Postal Service located at 99 West 2nd Street in Fond du Lac, Wisconsin, as the Lieutenant Colo-nel James ‘‘Maggie’’ Megellas Post Office; and 
The nomination of Denise Turner Roth, of North 
Carolina, to be Administrator of General Services. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Indian Affairs: Committee ordered favor-
ably reported S. 383, to provide for Indian trust asset management reform, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. 
ALCOHOL AND DRUG ABUSE OVERSIGHT 
Committee on Indian Affairs: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine the true costs of alcohol and drug abuse in Native communities, after receiving testimony from Robert G. McSwain, Principal Dep-uty Director, Indian Health Service, and Mirtha Bea-dle, Director, Office of Tribal Affairs and Policy, Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Admin-istration, both of the Department of Health and Human Services; Melanie Benjamin, Mille Lacs Band of Ojibwe, Onamia, Minnesota; John P. Walters, Hudson Institute Center for Substance Abuse Policy Research, Washington, D.C.; and Sunny Goggles, White Buffalo Recovery Center, Arapahoe, Wyo-ming. 
IRS TARGETING 
Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Over-
sight, Agency Action, Federal Rights and Federal Courts concluded a hearing to examine Internal Rev-enue Service targeting, focusing on progress of agen-cy reforms and congressional options, including S. 273, to amend title 18, United States Code, to pro-hibit the intentional discrimination of a person or 
organization by an employee of the Internal Revenue Service, after receiving testimony from John Koskinen, Commissioner, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury; Cleta Mitchell, Foley and Lardner LLP, Stephen Spaulding, Common Cause, Lawrence M. Noble, Campaign Legal Center, Diana L. Aviv, Independent Sector, Gregory L. Colvin, Adler and Colvin, on behalf of the Bright Lines Project, and Jay Alan Sekulow, American Cen-ter for Law and Justice, all of Washington, D.C.; Edward D. Greim, Graves Garrett, LLC, Kansas City, Missouri; Toby Marie Walker, Waco Tea Party, Waco, Texas; and Jenny Beth Martin, Tea Party Patriots, Inc., Woodstock, Georgia. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: Com-
mittee ordered favorably reported the following busi-ness items: 
S. 1400, to amend the Small Business Act to di-
rect the task force of the Office of Veterans Business Development to provide access to and manage the distribution of excess or surplus property to veteran- owned small businesses, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; 
S. 1756, to help small businesses take advantage 
of energy efficiency; 
S. 1857, to amend the Small Business Act to pro-
vide for expanded participation in the microloan pro-gram; 
S. 1866, to establish the veterans’ business out-
reach center program, to improve the programs for veterans of the Small Business Administration, with an amendment; 
S. 1870, to amend the Small Business Act to re-
quire the Administrator of the Small Business Ad-ministration to carry out a pilot program on issuing grants to eligible veterans to start or acquire quali-fying businesses, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; and 
An original bill entitled, ‘‘A Sense of the Com-
mittee on the Small Business Tax Compliance Relief Act of 2015’’. 
VETERAN HOMELESSNESS 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine ending veteran homelessness, after receiving testimony from Lisa Pape, Executive Director, Homeless Programs, Veterans Health Ad-ministration, Department of Veterans Affairs; Jen-nifer Ho, Senior Advisor on Housing and Services, Department of Housing and Urban Development; Lisa Tepper Bates, Connecticut Coalition to End Homelessness, Hartford; Michael Blecker, Swords to Plowshares, San Francisco, California; Baylee Crone, National Coalition for Homeless Veterans, and Jeff 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:39 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D29JY5.REC D29JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D908 July 29, 2015 
Steele, The American Legion, both of Washington, 
D.C.; and Edward Powers, HOPE Atlanta, Atlanta, Georgia. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 160 
public bills, H.R. 3273–3432; and 18 resolutions, H.J. Res. 62; H. Con. Res. 67–69; and H. Res. 392–405 were introduced.
                            Pages H5762–70 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H5775–77 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: 
H.R. 9, to amend title 35, United States Code, 
and the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act to make improvements and technical corrections, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–235); 
H.R. 1992, to reduce temporarily the royalty re-
quired to be paid for sodium produced on Federal lands, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–236); 
H.R. 3116, to extend by 15 years the authority 
of the Secretary of Commerce to conduct the quar-terly financial report program (H. Rept. 114–237); 
H.R. 1759, to amend title 5, United States Code, 
to provide for the publication, by the Office of Infor-mation and Regulatory Affairs, of information relat-ing to rulemakings, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–238, Part 1); and 
H.R. 1759, to amend title 5, United States Code, 
to provide for the publication, by the Office of Infor-mation and Regulatory Affairs, of information relat-ing to rulemakings, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 114–238, Part 2).
                                                      Page H5762 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Fleischmann to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                          Page H5595 
Recess: The House recessed at 11:30 a.m. and re-
convened at 12 noon.                                               Page H5605 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval 
of the Journal by voice vote.                 Pages H5605, H5653 
VA Accountability Act of 2015: The House passed 
H.R. 1994, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the removal or demotion of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs based on per-formance or misconduct, by a yea-and-nay vote of 256 yeas to 170 nays, Roll No. 489. 
                                                                Pages H5653–40, H5650–53 Rejected the Takano motion to recommit the bill 
to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs with instruc-tions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a recorded vote of 184 ayes to 241 noes, Roll No. 488.
                          Pages H5651–53 
Pursuant to the Rule, an amendment in the na-
ture of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Veterans Affairs now printed in the bill shall be considered as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the five-minute rule.
        Page H5631 
Agreed to: Benishek amendment (No. 1 printed in H. Rept. 
114–234) that reforms and improves the VA Inspec-tor General’s ability to report on problems and prob-lem employees at the VA; requires the IG to release reports including employee misconduct to the public and explain what changes the VA has requested, re-quires the IG to identify a manager responsible for fixing an identified problem, makes it easier to fire an identified employee, and targets the bonuses of employees that fail to solve problems.
    Pages H5635–40 
Rejected: Takano amendment in the nature of a substitute 
(No. 2 printed in H. Rept. 114–234) that sought to provide VA Secretary the authority to immediately suspend without pay any employee whose perform-ance or misconduct is a threat to health or safety; ensure back pay for whistleblowers unfairly termi-nated, and cap the payment of administrative leave to 14 days; make effective date of back pay provision October 1, 2015 (by a recorded vote of 191 ayes to 233 noes, Roll No. 487).
                              Pages H5650–51 
H. Res. 388, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bills (H.R. 1994) and (H.R. 3236) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 243 ayes to 183 noes, Roll No. 484, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 242 yeas to 180 nays, Roll No. 483.
                                                                Pages H5610–23 
Question of Consideration: The Chair announced 
that the bill (H.R. 3236) to provide an extension of Federal-aid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, and to provide resource flexi-bility to the Department of Veterans Affairs for health care services, contained an emergency designa-tion pursuant to section 4(g)(1) of the Statutory Pay- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:39 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D29JY5.REC D29JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D909 July 29, 2015 
As-You-Go Act of 2010. Subsequently, the House 
agreed to consider H.R. 3236 by voice vote. 
                                                                                            Page H5640 
Surface Transportation and Veterans Health Care Choice Improvement Act of 2015: The 
House passed H.R. 3236, to provide an extension of Federal-aid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, and to provide resource flexi-bility to the Department of Veterans Affairs for health care services, by a yea-and-nay vote of 385 yeas to 34 nays with one answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 486.
                                                                Pages H5640–50 
H. Res. 388, the rule providing for consideration 
of the bills (H.R. 1994) and (H.R. 3236) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 243 ayes to 183 noes, Roll No. 484, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 242 yeas to 180 nays, Roll No. 483.
                                                                Pages H5621–22 
Suspension—Proceedings Resumed: The House 
agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measure which was debated on Monday, July 27th: 
First Responder Anthrax Preparedness Act: 
H.R. 1300, amended, to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to make anthrax vaccines and antimicrobials available to emergency response pro-viders, by a 2/3 yea-and-nay vote of 424 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 485.
                    Page H5623 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that 
when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 1 p.m. on Friday, July 31.
                              Page H5653 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure—Commu-nication: Read a letter from Chairman Shuster where-
in he transmitted copies of resolutions to authorize 
nine alteration projects, two reprogramming prospectuses, two construction prospectuses, and two lease prospectuses, included in the General Services Administration’s FY2015 and FY2016 Capital In-vestment and Leasing Programs. The resolutions were adopted by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure on July 23, 2015.
              Page H5664 
Presidential Message: Read a message from the 
President wherein he notified Congress that the na-tional emergency with respect to Lebanon that was declared in Executive Order 13441 of August 1, 2007, is to continue in effect beyond August 1, 2015—referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed (H. Doc. 114–53). 
                                                                                            Page H5664 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate 
appears on page 5601. 
Senate Referrals: S. 614 and S. 242 were held at 
the desk. S. 764 was referred to the Committee on Natural Resources. S. Con. Res. 20 was referred to 
the Committee on Education and the Workforce, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, the Committee on the Judiciary, and the Committee on Energy and Commerce.
                                          Page H5761 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Four yea-and-nay votes and 
three recorded votes developed during the pro-ceedings of today and appear on pages H5621–22, H5622–23, H5623, H5650, H5651, H5652–53, and H5653. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-
journed at 8:28 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
DODD-FRANK TURNS FIVE: ASSESSING THE PROGRESS OF GLOBAL DERIVATIVES REFORMS 
Committee on Agriculture: Full Committee held a hear-
ing entitled ‘‘Dodd-Frank Turns Five: Assessing the Progress of Global Derivatives Reforms’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
POTENTIAL IMPLICATIONS IN THE 
REGION OF THE IRAN DEAL 
Committee on Armed Services: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘Potential Implications in the Re-gion of the Iran Deal’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Energy and Commerce: Full Committee 
concluded a markup on H.R. 985, ‘‘Concrete Ma-sonry Products Research, Education, and Promotion Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3154, ‘‘E-Warranty Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1344, ‘‘Early Hearing Detection and Intervention Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1462, ‘‘Protecting Our Infants Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1725, ‘‘National All Schedules Prescription Electronic Reporting Author-ization Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 2820, ‘‘Stem Cell Therapeutic and Research Reauthorization Act of 2015’’. The following bills were ordered reported, without amendment: H.R. 1462, H.R. 1725, H.R. 2820, and H.R. 3154. The following bills were or-dered reported, as amended: H.R. 1344 and H.R. 985. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES 
Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee con-
cluded a markup on H.R. 766, the ‘‘Financial Insti-tution Customer Protection Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1210, the ‘‘Portfolio Lending and Mortgage Access Act’’; H.R. 1317, to amend the Commodity Ex-change Act and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to specify how clearing requirements apply to certain affiliate transactions, and for other purposes; H.R. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:39 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D29JY5.REC D29JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D910 July 29, 2015 
1553, the ‘‘Small Bank Exam Cycle Reform Act of 
2015’’; H.R. 1737, the ‘‘Reforming CFPB Indirect Auto Financing Guidance Act’’; H.R. 1839, the ‘‘Reforming Access for Investments in Startup Enter-prises Act of 2015’’; H.R. 1941, the ‘‘Financial In-stitutions Examination Fairness and Reform Act’’; H.R. 2091, the ‘‘Child Support Assistance Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2243, the ‘‘Equity in Government Compensation Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2643, the ‘‘State Licensing Efficiency Act of 2015’’; H.R. 2912, the ‘‘Centennial Monetary Commission Act of 2015’’; H.R. 3032, the ‘‘Securities and Exchange Commis-sion Reporting Modernization Act’’; H.R. 3189, the ‘‘Fed Oversight Reform and Modernization Act of 2015’’; and H.R. 3192, the ‘‘Homebuyers Assistance Act’’. The following bills were ordered reported, without amendment: H.R. 766, H.R. 1210, H.R. 1941, H.R. 1553, H.R. 2091, H.R. 3192, H.R. 3032, H.R. 2912, H.R. 1737, and H.R. 2643. The following bills were ordered reported, as amended: H.R. 2243, H.R. 1839, H.R. 3189, and H.R. 1317. 
WOMEN UNDER ISIS RULE: FROM 
BRUTALITY TO RECRUITMENT 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Full Committee held a 
hearing entitled ‘‘Women Under ISIS Rule: From Brutality to Recruitment’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
THREATS TO PRESS FREEDOM IN THE 
AMERICAS 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on the 
Western Hemisphere held a hearing entitled ‘‘Threats to Press Freedom in the Americas’’. Testi-mony was heard from public witnesses. 
AVIATION SECURITY CHALLENGES: IS TSA 
READY FOR THE THREATS OF TODAY? 
Committee on Homeland Security: Full Committee held 
a hearing entitled ‘‘Aviation Security Challenges: Is TSA ready for the threats of today?’’. Testimony was heard from Peter V. Neffenger, Administrator, Transportation Security Administration, Department Homeland Security. 
INTERNET OF THINGS 
Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Courts, 
Intellectual Property, and the Internet held a hearing entitled ‘‘Internet of Things’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
FEDERAL AGENCIES’ SELECTIVE 
ENFORCEMENT OF ESA CONSULTATION 
Committee on Natural Resources: Full Committee held 
a hearing entitled ‘‘Federal Agencies’ Selective En-forcement of ESA Consultation’’. Testimony was heard from Michael Bean, Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Fish and Wildlife and Parks, Depart-
ment of the Interior; and Sam Rauch, Deputy Assist-ant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Fisheries. 
EPA MISMANAGEMENT, PART II 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full 
Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘EPA Mis-management, Part II’’. Testimony was heard from the following Environmental Protection Agency offi-cials: Ronald Harris, Equal Employment Oppor-tunity Specialist; Carolyn Bohlen, Chief, Enforce-ment Services Section #2, Superfund Division; Ross Tuttle, Senior Advisor; and Gina McCarthy, Admin-istrator; and a public witness. 
DATA ACT IMPLEMENTATION 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-
committee on Information Technology; and Sub-committee on Government Operations, held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘DATA Act Implementation’’. Tes-timony was heard from Gene L. Dodaro, Comptroller General of the United States, Government Account-ability Office; David Mader, Controller, Office of Federal Financial Management, Office of Manage-ment and Budget; David A Lebryk, Fiscal Assistant Secretary, Department of the Treasury; and Robert A. Taylor, Deputy Assistant Inspector General for Audit, Department of the Treasury. 
A REVIEW OF THE NUCLEAR REGULATORY 
COMMISSION’S LICENSING PROCESS 
Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Sub-
committee on Energy held a hearing entitled ‘‘A Re-view of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission’s Li-censing Process’’. Testimony was heard from Stephen Burns, Chairman, Nuclear Regulatory Commission. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see DAILY DIGEST , p. D865) 
H.R. 2499, to amend the Small Business Act to 
increase access to capital for veteran entrepreneurs, to help create jobs. Signed on July 28, 2015. (Public Law 114–38) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:39 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D29JY5.REC D29JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D911 July 29, 2015 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, 
JULY 30, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Military 
Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine whistleblower claims at the Department of Veterans Affairs, 10:30 a.m., SD–124. 
Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine 
the nomination of Admiral John M. Richardson, USN, to be Chief of Naval Operations, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. 
Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: business 
meeting to continue consideration of an original bill to provide for the modernization of the energy policy of the United States, S. 133, to approve and implement the Klamath Basin agreements, to improve natural resource management, support economic development, and sustain agricultural production in the Klamath River Basin in the public interest and the interest of the United States, S. 145, to require the Director of the National Park Serv-ice to refund to States all State funds that were used to reopen and temporarily operate a unit of the National 
Park System during the October 2013 shutdown, S. 146, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior or the Secretary of Agriculture to enter into agreements with States and political subdivisions of States providing for the contin-ued operation, in whole or in part, of public land, units of the National Park System, units of the National Wild-life Refuge System, and units of the National Forest Sys-tem in the State during any period in which the Secretary of the Interior or the Secretary of Agriculture is unable to maintain normal level of operations at the units due to a lapse in appropriations, S. 329, to amend the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act to designate certain segments of the Farmington River and Salmon Brook in the State of Connecticut as components of the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System, S. 403, to revise the authorized route of the North Country National Scenic Trail in northeastern Minnesota and to extend the trail into Vermont to connect with the Appalachian National Sce-nic Trail, S. 521, to authorize the Secretary of the Inte-rior to conduct a special resource study of President Sta-tion in Baltimore, Maryland, S. 583, to establish certain wilderness areas in central Idaho and to authorize various land conveyances involving National Forest System land and Bureau of Land Management land in central Idaho, S. 593, to require the Secretary of the Interior to submit to Congress a report on the efforts of the Bureau of Rec-lamation to manage its infrastructure assets, S. 610, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of P.S. 103 in West Baltimore, Maryland and for other purposes, S. 720, to promote energy savings in residential buildings and industry, S. 873, to designate 
the wilderness within the Lake Clark National Park and Preserve in the State of Alaska as the Jay S. Hammond Wilderness Area, S. 1103, to reinstate and extend the 
deadline for commencement of construction of a hydro-electric project involving Clark Canyon Dam, S. 1104, to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project involving the Gibson Dam, S. 1240, to designate the Cerro del Yuta and Rio San Anto-nio Wilderness Areas in the State of New Mexico, S. 1305, to amend the Colorado River Storage Project Act to authorize the use of the active capacity of the Fontenelle Reservoir, S. 1483, to direct the Secretary of the Interior to study the suitability and feasibility of des-ignating the James K. Polk Home in Columbia, Ten-nessee, as a unit of the National Park System, S. 1694, to amend Public Law 103–434 to authorize Phase III of the Yakima River Basin Water Enhancement Project for the purposes of improving water management in the Yak-ima River basin, and an original bill to provide for re-forms of the administration of the Outer Continental Shelf of the United States, 10 a.m., SD–366. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-
ine sanctions and the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Ac-tion, 10 a.m., SD–419. 
Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the 
nominations of Lucy Tamlyn, of New York, to be Am-bassador to the Republic of Benin, Jeffrey J. Hawkins, Jr., of California, to be Ambassador to the Central Afri-can Republic, David R. Gilmour, of Texas, to be Ambas-sador to the Togolese Republic, Daniel H. Rubinstein, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Tunisia, and Carolyn Patricia Alsup, of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Republic of The Gambia, all of the Department of State, 2 p.m., SD–419. 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: 
Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations, to hold hear-ings to examine the impact of the United States tax code on the market for corporate control and jobs, 9:30 a.m., SD–342. 
Committee on the Judiciary: business meeting to consider 
S. 1814, to withhold certain Federal funding from sanc-tuary cities, and S. 32, to provide the Department of Jus-tice with additional tools to target extraterritorial drug trafficking activity, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-
ing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Agriculture, Subcommittee on Livestock 
and Foreign Agriculture, hearing entitled ‘‘Examination of Federal and State Response to Avian Influenza’’, 8:30 a.m., 1300 Longworth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:39 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D29JY5.REC D29JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD912 July 29, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
10 a.m., Thursday, July 30 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Senate will continue consider-
ation of H.R. 22, Hire More Heroes Act, post-cloture, and vote on passage of the bill at 12 p.m. 
If Senate receives the papers for H.R. 3236, Surface 
Transportation and Veterans Health Care Choice Im-provement Act, Senate will begin consideration of the bill and vote on passage at 1:45 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
1 p.m., Friday, July 31 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: House will meet in Pro Forma ses-
sion at 1 p.m. 
Extension of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE 
Aderholt, Robert B., Ala., E1179 
Barletta, Lou, Pa., E1159 Beatty, Joyce, Ohio, E1173, E1184 Blumenauer, Earl, Ore., E1165, E1169, E1181 Bordallo, Madeleine Z., Guam, E1157 Brady, Kevin, Tex., E1171 Brownley, Julia, Calif., E1173, E1189 Burgess, Michael C., Tex., E1179 Butterfield, G.K., N.C., E1186, E1188 Capps, Lois, Calif., E1170 Carter, Earl L. ‘‘Buddy’’, Ga., E1156 Carter, John R., Tex., E1177 Cicilline, David N., R.I., E1162 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E1182 Conyers, John, Jr., Mich., E1169 Cook, Paul, Calif., E1167 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E1174, E1176, E1178, E1180, 
E1183, E1189 
Donovan, Daniel M., Jr, N.Y., E1161 Edwards, Donna F., Md., E1181 Ellison, Keith, Minn., E1161, E1162 Eshoo, Anna G., Calif., E1180 
Esty, Elizabeth H., Conn., E1180, E1191 Garamendi, John, Calif., E1186 Gibson, Christopher P., N.Y., E1182 Granger, Kay, Tex., E1156 Green, Gene, Tex., E1174 Griffith, H. Morgan, Va., E1177 Grijalva, Rau ´l M., Ariz., E1167 
Heck, Denny, Wash., E1175 Hudson, Richard, N.C., E1159 
Huelskamp, Tim, Kans., E1184 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E1161 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E1165, E1174, E1176, E1189 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E1175, E1182 Kato, John, N.Y., E1161 Keating, William R., Mass., E1176, E1184, E1188 Kelly, Mike, Pa., E1162 Kinzinger, Adam, Ill., E1155 Lee, Barbara, Calif., E1155, E1179, E1188 Levin, Sander M., Mich., E1170 Lofgren, Zoe, Calif., E1168 Long, Billy, Mo., E1166 Loudermilk, Barry, Ga., E1186 Lowenthal, Alan S., Calif., E1156 Maloney, Carolyn B., N.Y., E1165 Marchant, Kenny, Tex., E1170, E1172, E1177 McClintock, Tom, Calif., E1155, E1160 McCollum, Betty, Minn., E1185 McGovern, James P., Mass., E1166, E1171, E1190 McMorris Rodgers, Cathy, Wash., E1164, E1173, E1181 McSally, Martha, Ariz., E1179 Meehan, Patrick, Pa., E1169 
Meng, Grace, N.Y., E1183 Messer, Luke, Ind., E1164, E1178 Miller, Candice S., Mich., E1163 Miller, Jeff, Fla., E1172, E1190 Mooney, Alexander X., W.Va. E1178, E1185 Nolan, Richard M., Minn. E1180 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, 
E1177, E1187 
Pascrell, Bill, Jr., N.J., E1172 Price, Tom, Ga., E1182 
Radewagen, Aumua Amata Coleman, American 
Samoa, E1164 
Roby, Martha, Ala., E1156 Rogers, Mike, Ala., E1174 Ros-Lehtinen, Ileana, Fla., E1168 Roskam, Peter J., Ill., E1170, E1177, E1188 Roybal-Allard, Lucille, Calif., E1169 Ruiz, Raul, Calif., E1163 Ruppersberger, C.A. Dutch, Md., E1167 Sablan, Gregorio Kilili Camacho, Northern Mariana 
Islands, E1158, E1186 
Sanchez, Loretta, Calif., E1167 Schiff, Adam B., Calif., E1155, E1157 Scott, David, Ga., E1159 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E1191, E1191 Simpson, Michael K., Idaho, E1155 Smith, Adam, Wash., E1180, E1182, E1185, E1186, E1189 Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E1159 Thompson, Bennie G., Miss., E1163 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E1167 Tiberi, Patrick J., Ohio, E1161 Valadao, David G., Calif., E1166, E1174, E1178, E1183 Van Hollen, Chris, Md., E1191 Walberg, Tim, Mich., E1179, E1187 Walorski, Jackie, Ind., E1157 Webster, Daniel, Fla., E1158 Wenstrup, Brad R., Ohio, E1172, E1180, E1190 Wittman, Robert J., Va., E1179 Young, David, Iowa, E1168, E1173, E1176, E1178, E1179, 
E1181, E1183, E1187, E1188, E1191 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:39 Jul 30, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D29JY5.REC D29JYPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with DIGEST