Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United States
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6327 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 5, 2015 No. 126 
House of Representatives 
The House was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Friday, August 7, 2015, at 11 a.m. 
Senate 
WEDNESDAY , AUGUST 5, 2015 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was 
called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER 
The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-
fered the following prayer: 
Let us pray. Immortal, invisible, God only wise, 
continue to lead our lawmakers like a great shepherd. May they be watchful among the unwatchful and awake among those who sleep. Give them the wisdom to speak and act with such pure minds that joy will follow them like gentle winds. 
Lord, guide their consciences so that 
our Senators may faithfully serve our Nation and uphold Your values and truths. As we near the August break may our lawmakers appreciate that substantive things have been accom-plished, but much remains to be done. 
Thank You that the illumination of 
Your wisdom enables us to more clear-ly see Your truth. 
We pray in Your sacred Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE 
The President pro tempore led the 
Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the 
United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
BOOZMAN ). The majority leader is rec-
ognized. NUCLEAR AGREEMENT WITH IRAN 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, as 
the administration’s agreement with Iran comes under greater scrutiny, 
there is growing bipartisan concern. It is widespread, and it is well founded. The leading House Democrat on the Foreign Affairs Committee recently said the deal ‘‘troubled’’ him because ‘‘it doesn’t prevent Iran from having a nuclear weapon, it just postpones it.’’ 
Yesterday another House Democrat 
said the deal lacks ‘‘sufficient safe-guards’’ and ‘‘could lead to a dangerous regional weapons race.’’ She warned that the agreement would leave the international community with limited options to prevent Iran’s nuclear breakout. 
These are strong words, and they are 
from congressional Democrats who are otherwise supportive of the President. It is clear that this deal is making Members of both parties uneasy—and with good reason. 
America’s role in the world, its com-
mitment to global allies, and the kind of future we will leave our children are all tied up in this issue. That is why I have called for a debate worthy of the importance of the agreement when the Senate takes it up in September. 
I hope the President will echo this 
tone of seriousness in his remarks later today. I hope he will avoid tired, obvi-ously untrue talking points about this being some choice between a bad deal and war. Of course it isn’t. He knows it isn’t. He himself has said that no deal is better than a bad deal. 
There is also no need to insult the 
man who negotiated this agreement and the man who stood by his side when he announced it by falsely 
conflating debates from more than a decade ago with the unique and con-sequential realities of today. 
Now is a time to aim higher. Now is 
a time to dig deeper. What I am asking is for President Obama to join us in ris-ing to the moment. 
Senators and the American people 
are being asked to weigh the con-sequences of what it would mean to allow Iran to become a nuclear-thresh-old state with the power to dominate its neighbors, spread its influence, and threaten our allies. This is a serious decision to make with serious con-sequences for our country. America de-serves a debate worthy of it. 
I imagine the many Democrats with 
serious reservations about this deal feel the very same way. Nearly every Member of both parties voted to have this debate when they passed the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act this spring. Given the widespread bipartisan concern about this deal, it is clear that a serious and proper debate, followed by a vote on the agreement, is now just exactly what our country needs. 
f 
CYBER SECURITY 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, a 
cyber attack can feel like a very per-sonal attack on your privacy. A crimi-nal with your medical records, your credit cards, and your Social Security number; a stranger with emails from your boss, texts to your friends, and pictures of your kids—it is personally violating, financially crippling, and it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05AU6.000 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6328 August 5, 2015 
can be just plain creepy. But with ef-
fective cyber security legislation, we can help protect America’s privacy. 
It seems the White House agrees too. 
We were glad to see such a strong statement of support yesterday for the strong bipartisan and transparent cyber security bill before the Senate. The President’s spokesman said ‘‘the Senate should take up this bill as soon as possible and pass it.’’ That is what the President’s spokesman said just yesterday about the bill that is cur-rently on the floor. It is easy to see why. This bipartisan legislation would help the public and private sectors pro-tect America’s most private and per-sonal information by defeating cyber attacks. 
It contains important measures to 
protect ‘‘individual privacy and civil liberties,’’ as the top Democrat on the issue put it. It has been scrutinized and supported overwhelmingly—14 to 1—by both parties in the Intelligence Com-mittee. 
Our colleagues said they would be 
happy to consider the bill in a timely fashion—a couple of days ‘‘at the most’’ is what the Democratic leader told us—if allowed to offer some amendments. That seemed reasonable enough to me. That is why I offered a fair proposal yesterday that would have ensured at least 10 relevant amendments to be pending and debated for each party. That is actually more than what Democrats have been asking for. So I think everyone was a little taken aback when they chose to block the proposal anyway. 
I am still determined to see if we can 
find a way forward on this bipartisan bill. Republicans support it, Democrats support it, and President Obama sup-ports it. I am asking colleagues to join me to open debate on it today. With a little cooperation, we can pass a strong bipartisan cyber security bill this week. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO RUSS THOMASSON 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Now, Mr. Presi-
dent, on one final matter, I know my friend from Texas will have some words to say about the man who has been helping him run the whip operation so effectively the last few years, and I know Senator C
ORNYN won’t mind if I 
share a few thoughts first. 
Russ Thomasson is preparing to bid 
farewell to the Senate after many years in the trenches. He is one of the most approachable and good-humored staffers around here. He is also incred-ibly effective. 
This former intelligence officer al-
ways has his ear to the ground. When he takes the pulse of the Senate, it is with uncommon precision. 
Russ loves a good nail-biter too. And 
in a more open, more freewheeling, and, by definition, more unpredictable Senate, you are inevitably going to have a few of those as well. What is im-portant is that with Russ’s help, we al-most always seem to push through. Russ has all of the qualities you would 
look for in a highly successful member of our leadership team—always willing to take on the difficult but necessary tasks, unafraid to offer his candid ad-vice, working each vote until the gavel falls, and defined by loyalty and integ-rity. This is someone whose judgment I value greatly. 
I am glad Russ’s son Austin got to 
see him in action. He has had a front- row seat as a page here in the Senate. We hope Austin will be seeing more of his dad soon, the same with his sister Sasha and Russ’s wife Cindy. 
Thank you, Russ, for your service to 
the Senate. You have been an invalu-able member of our team, and you will be truly missed. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY 
LEADER 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
NUCLEAR AGREEMENT WITH IRAN 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, the Iran ac-
cord is the result of many years of hard work by lots of people. Congressional committees are conducting hearings to listen to the administration’s case and others. For example, this evening at 5 p.m., we will have an all-Senators clas-sified briefing. At that meeting, we will hear from Dr. Moniz, the Secretary of Energy, a man imminently qualified as a scientist—an MIT physics professor who is world famous for his scientific prowess—and Wendy Sherman, one of America’s truly great diplomats during the last 20 years. 
We have yet to see the language of 
the legislative response to the accord that has been negotiated. I know that Senator C
ORKER and Senator C ARDIN  
are working on that, but it is not out yet. It is incumbent on Congress to re-view this agreement with the thought-ful, level-headed process that an agree-ment of this magnitude deserves. 
Let’s hopefully remember that we all 
agree, and now the world agrees, that a nuclear-armed Iran is unacceptable and a threat to our national security, the safety of Israel, and the stability of the Middle East. Like many Senators, I am continuing to consider this matter. I am looking forward to the briefing to-night. It is altogether appropriate for Senators to consider this deliberately and with the understanding that this is very important. I admire those Sen-ators on both sides who have come to a conclusion on how they feel about this. A number of us have not and are look-ing for more information to better un-derstand this very important time in the history of the world. 
f 
FUNDING THE FEDERAL 
GOVERNMENT 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, on another 
matter, unless Congress acts, there will be a government shutdown on October 1. That is a short time away—less than 
2 months. Every day that passes we are another day closer to the crisis of an unfunded Federal government. 
For months we have been warning 
Republican leaders that there is a need to find a solution to these budget prob-lems. We have offered to meet with them. We have urged them to nego-tiate. The answer is always no answer. 
The Republican leader knows he 
must negotiate. Here is what he said yesterday: ‘‘Different parties control the Congress from control the White House, and at some point, we’ll nego-tiate the way forward.’’ I am sure that didn’t come out exactly the way he wanted, but I think I get the picture. He believes we have two Houses of Con-gress that are different from the White House. I am quite certain that is what he meant to say. 
Regardless, the question remains: 
Why does the Republican leader con-tinue to decline our invitation to sit down and craft a bipartisan solution and do it now? Why does he continue to tell us no? This should not come as a surprise, however, because Republicans are in the habit of governing by manu-factured crisis. We have seen that over the past 7 months. 
Their obvious distaste—some say ha-
tred—of government generally is so deep that many take pleasure in clos-ing it. We hear that from the state-ments that have been made over the last few days. That could explain why they keep fighting to not move forward on negotiations and finding excuses to simply close the government. Lately it has been women’s health. They are going to close the government because they don’t like the way women are get-ting their health care. 
In the 1990s Republicans shut the 
government to force cuts in Medicare. In 2013 they shut the government to force repeal of the Affordable Care Act. It is clear that both of those times were total failures. 
Earlier this year Republicans came 
within hours of shutting down the De-partment of Homeland Security. That is the agency which is tasked with keeping our homeland safe. They came within hours of closing down the whole Department. 
There is always a new reason—some 
grievance from the partisans at FOX News, some complaint from whiners on talk radio, some attack from radicals in the tea party. It makes one wonder: What will be next? Will the Repub-licans again use shutdown extortion to try to repeal ObamaCare or to attack immigrants or to cut Social Security or to privatize Medicare? 
As I just said, there is a new one. 
They are targeting the health of women in America. Could it be any more obvious that the Republican Party doesn’t care about the health of women? That is obvious from the state-ments that have been made. The legis-lation before this body says money that goes to this organization which they dislike—other agencies will take 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05AU6.002 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6329 August 5, 2015 
care of it. Well, we have learned that in 
Texas alone, hundreds of thousands of people simply wouldn’t be able to have the care they need. Yesterday Jeb Bush went so far as to say this, a direct quote: ‘‘I’m not sure we need half a bil-lion dollars for women’s health issues.’’ 
Unfortunately, the attack on wom-
en’s health is only one example of the many legislative riders Republicans are pursuing. This isn’t just talk; they have actually done it in the various bills that have come out of the House in the appropriations process and over here by the Republicans. These par-tisan riders have nothing to do with funding the government and every-thing to do with ideology and special interests. 
For example, there is a legislative 
rider to block implementation of the Affordable Care Act, which would deny health coverage to millions of Ameri-cans—that, after almost threescore dif-ferent attempts to repeal ObamaCare. Each of them turned out the same: They were defeated overwhelmingly. 
There is a legislative rider on behalf 
of Wall Street to protect institutions that are too big to fail, making tax-payers more vulnerable to future bail-outs. 
There is a legislative rider to under-
mine the President’s work to address the dangers of climate change. And the dangers of climate change exist. Spread across all the news today is the fact that the Forest Service is going to be spending 75 percent of its money fighting fires in the future. There will be no money left for anything other than fighting fires. 
There is a fire going on in California 
now. It is 15 or 20 percent contained. There are 7,000 or 8,000 firefighters try-ing to stop that fire from spreading even more. That is only one of the many fires burning as we speak. 
There is a legislative rider in their 
legislation attacking immigrants by undermining President Obama’s recent Executive actions. 
There is a legislative rider to block 
the Federal Communications Commis-sion from implementing its recent net neutrality order. Let’s not forget that this is what the Republican leader wanted; in fact, this is what he prom-ised. It was just last month that he told the Lexington Herald Leader that he and Republicans would ‘‘line the in-terior appropriations bill with every rider you can think of.’’ In this in-stance, he certainly is a man of his word. 
Democrats disagree with these Re-
publican attacks, and we are going to resist them. We believe in standing up not for billionaires and tea party ideologues but for everyday, working families. Take sequestration, for exam-ple. While Republicans want relief only for the Pentagon, we insist on equal, dollar-for-dollar treatment for the needs of America’s middle class—for jobs, for education, for health care. We insist on strengthening Social Security and Medicare, not cutting and privatizing them. And we insist on sup-
porting women’s health, not gutting it. 
We know that Republicans disagree 
with us about these middle-class prior-ities, but I hope these disagreements— serious though they are—won’t get in the way of keeping the government op-erating. Whatever our differences, we should act responsibly. We should at least be able to agree to not shut down the government. Republicans should not once again take legislative hos-tages to get some rightwing prize that is within their grasp. 
Mr. President, would the Chair an-
nounce the business of the day. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CYBERSECURITY INFORMATION 
SHARING ACT OF 2015—MOTION TO PROCEED 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under 
the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of the motion to proceed to S. 754, which the clerk will report. 
The bill clerk read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 28, S. 
754, a bill to improve cybersecurity in the United States through enhanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C OT-
TON). Under the previous order, the 
time until the cloture vote will be equally divided between the bill man-agers or their designees. 
The Senator from California. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, it is 
my understanding that although the Senate had been scheduled to vote at 10:30 on a cloture motion, that time might be changed. However, I wish to make some further remarks in addition to what I said yesterday on the Cyber-security Information Sharing Act. 
I think it is fair to say that I have 
been very disappointed over the past couple of days that we have not moved to this bill more quickly and that we haven’t reached an agreement to take up and begin considering amendments. There has been a lot of talk about com-mittee jurisdictions and germaneness of amendments and process issues that the American people just don’t care about and which, frankly, don’t make anyone safer. So I wish to take a few minutes to point out what we are real-ly talking about. 
Here are a few facts and figures. As I 
said in my remarks yesterday, cyber attacks and cyber threats are getting more and more common and more and more devastating. This isn’t going to stop. It is going to get worse, and it af-fects everyone. That is why last night the White House had a simple message, and I hope my colleagues will hear it. A White House spokesman said yester-day: ‘‘Cybersecurity is an important national security issue and the Senate should take up this bill as soon as pos-
sible and pass it.’’ 
Here is why this is so important. Last year the cyber security com-
pany McAfee and the Center for Stra-tegic and International Studies, which we call CSIS, estimated that the an-nual cost of cyber crime is more than $400 billion—that is the annual cost— and could cost the United States as many as 200,000 jobs. That is not my analysis; that is the analysis of secu-rity experts. Also last year the cyber security company Symantec reported that over 348 million identities were exposed through data breaches—348 million people had their data exposed. 
Poll information out this week from 
the Financial Services Roundtable shows that 46 percent of Americans were directly affected by cyber crime over the past year—that is almost one- half of the American population—and 66 percent are more concerned about cyber intrusions than they were last year. Why are people so concerned? Well, here is a list of 10 of the most noteworthy cyber breaches and attacks from the past year and a half. 
Of course, we all know OPM. June of 
this year, Office of Personnel Manage-ment. There was an announcement that roughly 22 million government employees and security clearance ap-plicants had massive amounts of per-sonal information stolen from OPM databases. 
Primera Blue Cross. In March of this 
year, Primera Blue Cross, a health in-surer based in Washington State, said 
that up to 11 million customers could have been affected by a cyber breach last year. 
Anthem. In February 2015, Anthem, 
one of the Nation’s largest health in-surers, said that hackers breached a database that contained as many as 80 million records of current and former customers. 
Sony Pictures Entertainment. In No-
vember of last year, North Korean hackers broke into Sony Pictures En-tertainment and not only stole vast amounts of sensitive and personal data but destroyed the company’s whole in-ternal network. 
Defense Industrial Base. A 2014 Sen-
ate Armed Services Committee inves-tigation found over 20 instances in the previous year of Chinese actors pene-trating the networks of defense con-tractors to the military’s Transpor-tation Command. 
JPMorgan Chase. In September of 
last year, it was reported that hackers broke in to their accounts and took the account information of 76 million households and 7 million small busi-nesses. 
Home Depot. In September of last 
year, Home Depot discovered that hackers had breached their networks and may have accessed up to 56 million credit cards. 
EBay. In May of last year, it was re-
ported that up to 233 million personal records of eBay users were breached. 
There are people here who are con-
cerned with personal information. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05AU6.003 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6330 August 5, 2015 
Look at the breach of personal infor-
mation that has taken place because we haven’t been able to stop it. 
Destructive attack on Sands Casino. 
In early 2014, Iran launched a cyber at-tack on the Sands Casino in Las Vegas that rendered thousands of their elec-tronic systems inoperable, according to public testimony of the Director of Na-tional Intelligence, James Clapper. 
Target. In December 2013, Target dis-
covered that up to 70 million customers may have had their credit card infor-mation taken by hackers. 
That is just the last year and a half. 
This Senator remembers, before this was disclosed in 2008, when hackers broke into Citibank and broke into the Royal Bank of Scotland and robbed in-dividuals in each one of more than $10 million. That was not made public for a long time because they didn’t want anybody to know. That was 2008. That was 7 years ago, and we haven’t done anything about it. 
Those are some of the breaches from 
the past year and a half. There are cyber crimes, theft of personal infor-mation, intellectual property, and money every single day. 
In 2011 and 2012, there were denial-of- 
service attacks against major Wall Street banks and Nasdaq, showing that our financial institutions are vulner-able. In 2012, Saudi Aramco, the world’s largest energy oil and gas company, had three-quarters of its corporate computers wiped out in a cyber attack. We are vulnerable and these attacks will continue. 
This legislation, which was approved 
by a 14-to-1 vote in March and has been significantly improved since then, will not end these attacks, but it will great-ly enhance the ability of companies and the U.S. Government to learn from each other about the threats they see and the defenses they employ. 
I would like to make a couple of com-
ments about the bill on specific points, if I may. We have made some 15 privacy information improvements in this bill, and I would like to read page 16 of the bill on ‘‘Removal of Certain Personal Information.’’ 
An entity sharing a cyber threat indicator 
pursuant to this Act shall, prior to such sharing— 
(A) review such cyber threat indicator to 
assess whether such cyber threat indicator contains any information that the entity knows at the time of sharing to be personal information of or identifying a specific per-son not directly related to a cybersecurity threat and remove such information; or 
(B) implement and utilize a technical capa-
bility configured to remove any information contained within such indicator that the en-tity knows at the time of sharing to be per-sonal information of or identifying a specific person not directly related to a cybersecu-rity threat. 
That is the first personal information 
scrub in this bill. 
The second scrub is left to the agen-
cies receiving the information. To that end, the Attorney General is directed to issue guidelines to all agencies once the information goes through the DHS portal and goes to the Defense Depart-
ment or FBI or any other agency. Page 25 of the bill has details on the agen-cies’ guidelines that will be developed to make a scrub: 
Not later than 60 days after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Attorney General shall, in coordination with the heads of the appropriate Federal entities and in consulta-tion with officers designated under section 1062 of the National Security Intelligence Reform Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee–1), de-velop, submit to Congress, and make avail-able to the public interim guidelines relating to privacy and civil liberties which shall govern the receipt, retention, use, and dis-semination of cyber threat indicators by a Federal entity obtained in connection with activities authorized in this Act. 
(2) F
INAL GUIDELINES .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Attorney General shall, in coordination with heads of the appropriate Federal enti-ties and in consultation with officers des-ignated under section 1062 of the National Security Intelligence Reform Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee–1) and such private entities with industry expertise as the Attorney Gen-eral considers relevant, promulgate final guidelines relating to privacy and civil lib-erties which shall govern the receipt, reten-tion, use and dissemination of cyber threat indicators by a Federal entity obtained in connection with activities authorized in this Act. 
Then there is a section on periodic 
review. 
Then there is a section on content: 
The guidelines required by paragraphs (1) 
and (2) shall, consistent with the need to pro-tect information systems from cybersecurity threats and mitigate cybersecurity threats— 
(A) limit the impact on privacy and civil 
liberties of activities by the Federal Govern-ment under this Act; 
(B) limit the receipt, retention, use, and 
dissemination of cyber threat indicators con-taining personal information of or identi-fying specific persons, including by estab-lishing— 
(i) a process. . . . 
And it goes on through page 27 of the 
bill. Everyone can pick it up and read it. 
Section (E) on line 27 says it must 
‘‘protect the confidentiality of cyber threat indicators containing personal information of or identifying specific persons to the greatest extent prac-ticable. . . . ’’ 
Somebody can pick up this bill and 
read the section, pages 25, 26, and 27, and see the second personal informa-tion scrub that is in this bill. It hap-pens, first, the company must scrub the information and then, second, the government must scrub the informa-tion. I think those are very substantial mandates. 
I have been very disappointed by our 
inability to move this bill. Yesterday I cited the procedural history. This is the third bill we have dealt with. It gets into a question of committee ju-risdiction, but the Intelligence Com-mittee has been working on this issue for 5 years now. We have worked with companies. We have worked with tech-nicians. Our staffs are very well aware of all the issues and the technical dif-ficulties in putting together a bill. The earlier bills were fragmented. 
This bill has a solid support from over 50 different companies and associa-tions. I want to read just a few of them. 
For the first time, the U.S. Chamber 
of Commerce supports the bill; the Software Alliance supports this bill; the Information Technology Council supports this bill; yesterday I received a letter from General Motors sup-porting this bill; the American Bankers Association; the American Financial Services Association; the American In-surance Association; Agricultural Re-tailers Association; Airlines for Amer-ica; Alliance of Automobile Manufac-turers; American Cable Association; American Chemistry Council; Amer-ican Fuel and Petrochemical Manufac-turers; American Gaming Association; American Gas Association; American Insurance Association; American Pe-
troleum Institute; American Public Power Association; American Water Works Association; Association of American Railroads; Association of Metropolitan Water Agencies; The Clearing House; Consumer Bankers As-sociation; Credit Union National Asso-ciation; Electronic Transactions Asso-ciation; Financial Services Forum; Independent Community Bankers of America; Investment Company Insti-tute. It goes on and on and on. 
I would point out Oracle and the Na-
tional Association of Manufacturers support it; IBM; as I said, General Mo-tors; and the U.S. Telecom Association support it. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that this list be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
SUPPORTERS OF THE CYBERSECURITY  
INFORMATION SHARING ACT OF 2015 
U.S. Chamber of Commerce; BSA: The 
Software Alliance; Information Technology Industry Council; American Bankers Asso-ciation; American Financial Services Asso-ciation; American Insurance Association; Agricultural Retailers Association; Airlines for America; Alliance of Automobile Manu-facturers; American Cable Association; American Chemistry Council; American Fuel & Petrochemical Manufacturers; American Gaming Association; American Gas Associa-tion; American Insurance Association; Amer-ican Petroleum Institute; American Public Power Association; American Water Works Association; ASIS International; Association of American Railroads. 
Association of Metropolitan Water Agen-
cies; The Clearing House; Consumer Bankers Association; Credit Union National Associa-tion; Electronic Transactions Association; Financial Services Forum; Financial Serv-ices Roundtable; Independent Community Bankers of America; Investment Company Institute; NACHA—The Electronic Payments Association; National Association of Federal Credit Unions; National Association of Mu-tual Insurance Companies; Property Cas-ualty Insurers Association of America; Secu-rities Industry and Financial Markets Asso-ciation; BITS—Financial Services Round-table; College of Healthcare Information Management Executives; CompTIA—The Computing Technology Industry Associa-tion; CTIA—The Wireless Association; Edi-son Electric Institute; Electronic Payments Coalition. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05AU6.005 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6331 August 5, 2015 
Electronic Transactions Association; Fed-
eration of American Hospitals; Food Mar-keting Institute; Global Automakers; GridWise Alliance; HIMSS—Healthcare In-formation and Management Systems Soci-ety; HITRUST—Health Information Trust Alliance; Large Public Power Council; Na-tional Association of Chemical Distributors; National Association of Manufacturers; Na-tional Association of Mutual Insurance Com-panies; National Association of Water Com-panies; National Business Coalition on e- Commerce & Privacy; National Cable & Tele-communications Association; National Rural Electric Cooperative Association; NTCA— The Rural Broadband Association; Property Casualty Insurers Association of America; The Real Estate Roundtable; Software & In-formation Industry Association; Society of Chemical Manufacturers & Affiliates. 
Telecommunications Industry Association; 
Transmission Access Policy Study Group; Utilities Telecom Council; Oracle; National Association of Manufacturers Association; 
IBM; General Motors (GM); US Telecom As-sociation. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. So I want to say 
something about jurisdiction of com-mittees. The Homeland Security Com-mittee is certainly free to do a bill. The Judiciary Committee is certainly free to do a bill. We have the one on the Intelligence Committee—and the Presiding Officer is a member of this committee—which has been working on this for a long time. We have done two bills previously. This bill, I believe, has hit the mark of support across the Na-tion, from the companies—both cor-porate and privately owned—that would have to use this. 
It is all voluntary. It does not force 
anybody to do anything they do not want to do. If one does share, and share according to the strictures of this bill, you are protected with liability insur-ance. If you reduce it to its basic ele-mental truth, it is the on-ramp to cyber security protection in this coun-try. It gives companies the ability to talk to each other about a well-defined cyber threat indicator, to talk with the government, and to be able to take ad-vice from the government. If they fol-low the bill, they don’t have to worry about a lawsuit. That is what this bill does. 
So this Senator must say we have 
made at least 15 different privacy amendments to meet individual Sen-ators’ needs. There is a managers’ package, a substitute amendment, if you will, that takes out any use of this information from being used for any other purpose—violent crime—other than cyber security because a number of Senators weighed in, and they felt it could be used to be monitored as a sur-veillance bill. 
This is not a surveillance bill. What 
it is meant to be is a voluntary effort that companies can enter into with some protection if they follow this law. It gives the Attorney General the obli-gation to come up with secure guide-lines to protect private information. 
It is very hard for me, candidly, to 
understand why this has become such a big issue because we protect privacy in-formation. Today out in this vast land of the Internet, there is very little pri-vacy protection. You can see that by 
the cyber interruptions. You can see that by the use of insurance data by company to company. You can see that by companies that are designed to ac-cumulate data about an individual so they can sell that data to other compa-nies, which can tell you who uses a credit card, how you use it, where you use it, and at what time you use it. To me that is a privacy violation. 
We have taken every step to prevent 
privacy violations from happening under this bill. Yet there are individ-uals who still raise that as a major concern. I believe it is bogus. I believe it is a detriment to us in taking this first step to protect our American in-dustries. If we don’t pass it, the thefts are going to go on and on and on. 
I understand that the cloture vote 
has been postponed until 2 o’clock. I will vote for cloture. I believe we have, in good faith—Senator B
URRand I, the 
committee as a whole, the staffs on both sides of the aisle—gone out of our way to listen to Senators, to present amendments where they felt they were workable and applicable to the bill. We need to get on with it because the lit-any I read in the last year and a half of almost half of the American people being affected by cyber crime cannot go on. 
I make these remarks and hope at 
least it can clear the air somewhat, so when a cloture vote does come at 2 o’clock, we will have the votes to pro-ceed to the bill. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, the 
Democratic leader and myself continue to discuss the way forward on cyber. I think we have made some progress, but to make that more possible for us to reach some kind of agreement, I now ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing the provisions of rule XXII, the cloture vote with respect to the motion to proceed to S. 754 occur at 2 p.m. today; further, that the manda-tory quorum call under rule XXII be waived. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. I suggest the ab-
sence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the time during quorum calls be charged equally to both sides. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. I suggest the ab-
sence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
NUCLEAR AGREEMENT WITH IRAN  
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, this is 
not the first time, nor will it be the last time that I speak in this Chamber about the Iran nuclear agreement. I lis-tened to some of the hearings on this subject in both the House and the Sen-ate, last week, and I want to provide a bit of my perspective on the challenge before us. 
I was a law student in Washington 
during the 1962 Cuban Missile Crisis. My wife and I were living probably 2 miles from the White House, and we were paying very close attention to what might happen. Afterward, as more of the history came out, we real-ized that some of President Kennedy’s top advisers and Members of Congress pushed for a military attack on Cuba— actually, a military attack against the then-Soviet Union. A war between the two nuclear superpowers would have at the very least risked the annihilation of both countries. Fortunately, Presi-dent Kennedy had the thoughtfulness, patience, and fortitude to resist the pressure to go to war. 
It is not easy to stick with the long 
road of tough negotiations when many are clamoring for a military solution rather than negotiations. It is the same today as it was back in the time of the Cuban Missile Crisis. 
Today we are considering an agree-
ment at the end of such negotiations between the United States and our al-lies, and Russia, China, and Iran to curb an illicit nuclear program that threatens the Middle East and the world. 
I know from my conversations with 
the President and with Secretary Kerry and Secretary Moniz how dif-ficult this was. I also know from my conversations with them that they were prepared to walk away rather than settle for a bad deal. But based on what I have heard so far, this is not a bad deal. 
There are aspects of the agreement 
that I and others have legitimate ques-tions about, but we already know a lot about it. 
We know that prior to negotiations, 
Iran’s nuclear program was hurtling forward despite multinational sanc-tions. 
I remember back in September of 
2012, I had been named the Senate dele-gate to the U.N., and Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu spoke. He warned that Iran was within months— months—of producing a nuclear bomb. Well, whether or not that was accurate then, it certainly is not accurate if this agreement is implemented. 
We know negotiations succeeded in 
freezing Iran’s nuclear development in place, and now we have an agreement to roll back Iran’s program. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05AU6.001 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6332 August 5, 2015 
We know that this is the most rig-
orous monitoring and inspection regi-men ever included in a nonprolifera-tion agreement. Actually, I think it is a lot more rigorous than many observ-ers predicted it would be. 
We know that without this deal, the 
monitoring and the onsite inspections would go away, and so would support for the international sanctions we painstakingly built. Remember, it took years for us to put together a coalition of other countries to impose the sanc-tions. Many of them did so at great economic cost to their own economies, but they stuck with us because they thought we would negotiate in good faith and that diplomacy could suc-ceed. If we walk away now, many of these countries are going to say: OK, you are in this by yourself. The United States can impose sanctions, but they will be nowhere near as effective as they were when we joined you. 
We know that the sanctions reprieve 
in this agreement is limited and revers-ible. It is structured so that many sanctions remain in place, sanctions in which other countries have joined us. If Iran fails to meet its commitments, we and our partners can revoke the lim-ited relief and we can impose addi-tional sanctions. 
Some criticized this agreement with-
in minutes of the agreement being an-nounced. They are long on scorn, but they are short on alternatives. 
Again, I remember that speech by 
Prime Minister Netanyahu years ago when he warned that Iran was just months away from building a nuclear weapon. Today, people are expressing concern about what may happen 15 years from now, not a few months from now. They ignore the fact that if Con-gress rejects this agreement, Iran can immediately resume its development of highly enriched uranium. Iran can build a nuclear weapon in far less than 15 years. I would ask, is that the alter-native they support? 
Or is it another war in the Middle 
East, which our senior military leaders say could spiral out of control and at best would delay the resumption of Iran’s nuclear weapons programs by 2 to 3 years, after which it would not be subject to international inspections? 
Some of the most vociferous critics 
of this agreement reflexively supported sending American troops to overthrow Saddam Hussein and occupy Iraq. We did this after having hearings and meetings in which the Vice President of the United States implied that Iraq was involved in the attack on 9/11 and made it very clear that they had weap-ons of mass destruction. 
I voted against that war because I 
read the intelligence files, and they were very clear that there was no cred-ible evidence that Iraq had weapons of mass destruction, and it was very clear that they had nothing to do with 9/11. That colossal mistake killed or maimed thousands of Americans, hun-dreds of thousands of innocent Iraqis, and by now has cost more than $2 tril-lion and the meter is still running—$2 
trillion. It is the first time in this Na-tion’s history when we went to war on a credit card; we didn’t enact a tax to pay for it. Even unpopular wars, like Vietnam and Korea, were paid for. 
Is it the critics’ alternative to reject 
this agreement and then somehow con-vince the other parties to it—Russia, China, and the rest of the P5+1—to im-pose even stronger multilateral sanc-tions? Have they bothered to ask offi-cials in any of those governments what the chances of that would be? Certainly the statements those officials have made make it very clear that those chances—to use a precise expression— are zilch. 
I am as outraged as anyone by Iran’s 
support of terrorism, its arbitrary ar-rests and imprisonment of Americans, its denial of due process, its use of tor-ture and other violations of human rights, and its summary executions of political opponents, just as I object to similar abuses by many countries we deal with every day. 
But as horrific as Iran’s behavior is, 
it pales compared to the havoc Iran could wreak if it obtains a nuclear weapon. A nuclear-armed Iran could commit acts of terrorism that dwarf by thousands or even millions of times over those it engages in today. There is simply no comparison. 
A workable agreement doesn’t just 
buy more time, it can also buy more opportunities. In Iran, the impetus for reforming its hostile and destabilizing foreign policy comes from the Iranian people. For decades, the Iranian middle class has been smothered—first by a revolution that crushed their aspira-tions and then by a regime that im-posed the harsh consequences of its own criminal behavior on the Iranian population. 
Ordinary Iranians overwhelmingly do 
not want an empire; they want more economic opportunities, freedom of ex-pression, and to reengage peacefully with the world. With this agreement, the Iranian middle class can continue to be a factor in future negotiations. 
It is well understood that in the Con-
gress, we agree or disagree, we debate, and we vote. That is one of the reasons I wanted to be a Member of this body. Ideally, we do so in a manner that re-flects the respect each of us owes to this institution. For a nation of over 300 million Americans, there are only 100 of us who have the privilege at any given time to serve in this body. We are but transitory occupants of the seats the voters have afforded us the opportunity to occupy. In carrying out our responsibilities, we should do our best to live up to the standards of those who created what we take pride in calling the world’s oldest democ-racy. 
I mention this because, as I said ear-
lier, I listened to portions of the hear-ings in the various House and Senate committees on the Iran nuclear agree-ment at which the Secretaries of State and Energy testified. Presumably, they were asked to testify because the mem-
bers of those committees had questions and concerns about those agreements and wanted to hear the witnesses’ re-sponses. However, rather than a re-spectful, substantive exchange, what has too frequently occurred has been an embarrassing display of political theater. 
What we have heard is a series of 
speeches often containing assertions or accusations that are either contra-dicted by the actual words of the agree-ment or without factual basis, and then they are followed by questions the witnesses were unable to answer be-cause when they tried, they were inter-rupted or told the time had expired. 
Many Vermonters have talked to me 
about those hearings. They were often embarrassing to watch, and they did a disservice to the American people who deserve to know that their representa-tives are engaged in a substantive, in- depth exchange of views on the hugely important issue of how to prevent Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon. 
I have questions myself because, 
short of unilateral surrender by one party, every agreement involves com-
promise. That is as true for inter-national diplomacy as it is for the Sen-ate. Neither side gets everything it wants. Anyone who suggests that was a possible outcome here is fooling them-selves or, even worse, deceiving the voters who sent them here. 
The President has been unwavering 
in his insistence that the goal of this agreement is to prevent Iran from ob-taining a nuclear weapon. I commend him for his vision and resolve. I have spoken with him at length about this. 
I will say to my colleagues what I 
said to the President. It is now up to Congress to carry out its oversight re-sponsibility. We can strive to make this work, keeping in mind the vital national security interests at stake for our country and for our allies, or we can impulsively sabotage this chance. 
But we should engage in this process 
in a manner that enhances the image of the U.S. Senate and that affords those in our government who spent years forging this agreement the re-spect and appreciation they deserve. 
Mr. President, there have been many 
thoughtful articles and opinion pieces written about the Iran nuclear agree-ment. I am sure there will be many more. I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD one of those ar-
ticles, authored jointly by Eric Schwartz and Brian Atwood, two former Assistant Secretaries of State. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[Commentary, July 30, 2015] 
CHEERLEADERS FOR WARARESTILL SO WRONG  
CONGRESS NEEDS TO ‘‘PRACTICE HISTORY ’’ AND 
OK THE AGREEMENT . 
(By Eric Schwartz and Brian Atwood) 
In ‘‘Practicing History,’’ historian Barbara 
Tuchman observed that there are ‘‘two ways of applying past experience: One is to enable us to avoid past mistakes and to manage bet-ter in similar circumstances next time; the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05AU6.034 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6333 August 5, 2015 
other is to enable us to anticipate a future 
course of events.’’ 
Tuchman would find it strange today that 
many of the loudest opponents of the Iran nuclear agreement are the same prominent individuals and organizations who unequivo-cally supported the most significant national security blunder by the U.S. in recent mem-ory, the war of choice in Iraq. 
As evidence has accumulated since the 
failure to find weapons of mass destruction in Iraq, the price of that foreign policy en-gagement has become obvious to most. The cost to the U.S. includes trillions of dollars lost to future generations of Americans, tens of thousands killed or injured, the opening of a Sunni-Shia Pandora’s box of sectarian strife, the ascendance of Iran and the dimin-ished influence of the U.S. in the Middle East. 
Remarkably, there are still unrepentant 
cheerleaders for that war, as well as those who argue that the U.S. invasion was a good idea in principle that was just executed poor-ly. And they are among the most influential voices opposed to the agreement with Iran. 
Why does it matter that the pundits who 
were so convinced about invading Iraq more than a decade ago now pursue with pas-sionate certainty the defeat of the diplo-matic effort involving Iran? 
It matters because, then and now, these 
voices suffer from a greatly exaggerated view of the ability of the U.S. to unilaterally dictate geopolitical outcomes that we desire. In the case of Iraq, this was perhaps best ex-pressed by former Vice President Dick Che-ney who, when pressed before the war on our capacity to remake Iraqi society, argued that we would be ‘‘greeted as liberators.’’ Of course, the experience in Iraq, the resulting ascendance of Iran and reduced U.S. influ-ence in the region have only further dimin-ished our capacity to act without the sup-port of others and have underscored the im-portance of smart power—diplomacy backed with all of the resources at our disposal to achieve our objectives. 
The nuclear agreement, now endorsed 
unanimously by the United Nations Security Council, is long and complex, and it is pre-sumed that Congress will study carefully the details. Are the verification provisions ade-quate and does the International Atomic En-ergy Agency have the resources to monitor compliance? What is the process by which sanctions could be reimposed if violations occur? Are all paths to a nuclear bomb blocked? What are the alternatives to this approach and are they acceptable to the American people? 
Our expectation is that a serious examina-
tion of this agreement should win over a bi-partisan majority. The agreement’s substan-tial reductions in uranium stockpiles and in-stalled centrifuges, robust inspection regime and dramatically diminished capacity for an Iranian breakout and ‘‘race to a bomb’’ pro-vide unprecedented means to ensure Iran will meet its stated commitment to never build a nuclear weapon. 
But these elements will not win over those 
with an unrealistic view of the capacity of the U.S. to play the Lone Ranger in inter-national politics. And while opponents say they support diplomacy, the so-called alter-natives they would prefer—like pressing for a harder line on sanctions relief—would put us at odds with our allies, be rejected by Iran and increase the risks of another war in the Middle East that would be tragic for both the U.S. and for Israel. 
The nuclear agreement will of course pose 
challenges for U.S. policymakers, as sanc-tions relief will provide benefits to Iran and opportunities to make mischief in the re-gion. But through our continued presence, support of regional friends and allies, and an enforceable nuclear agreement, we have the 
strongest capacity to manage such chal-lenges effectively. 
Americans must hope that Congress will be 
preoccupied with the substance of the Iran agreement and the poor alternatives to it, and not be influenced by voices of the past that cling to dangerous views about our prospects as a go-it-alone superpower. Con-gress should ‘‘practice history’’ and recog-nize that this agreement has the potential to interrupt the downward spiral in the region, from conventional war and terrorism to nu-clear conflict. 
Forcing the president to veto a rejection 
resolution would reflect badly on the Con-gress and the United States of America. Even worse, overriding a presidential veto would have grave implications for the U.S., for Israel and for the region for many years to come. 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I will 
speak further on this subject, but I see no other Senators seeking the floor. While I do appreciate the opportunity to be here, I must admit that, looking at the weather and live views of Vermont this morning, I will look for-ward to the time we complete our work because after the last vote of this week, I will be on the first flight I can get on and look forward to being in Vermont. I will miss all of you, of course, but not so much I want you all to come and join me. 
With that, Mr. President, I suggest 
the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
WORKING TOGETHER IN THE SENATE  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, as 
Senators get ready to head home for the August recess, I think it is a good time to look back at what we have been able to achieve so far this year. 
I would say, by any measure, the 
record of the Senate this year has been one of great accomplishments and bi-partisan achievements because we have worked together to find solutions to help the country move ahead. 
With Republicans in charge, the Sen-
ate set a very fast pace for the first 100 days of the new Congress. We have kept up that pace now over the first 6 months of the Congress, and we are going to continue to build on that mo-mentum for the rest of the year and, I believe, achieve even greater success on behalf of all Americans. 
Under Majority Leader M
ITCH 
MCCONNELL , Senate Republicans are 
now governing, and we are doing it in a bipartisan way, just as we promised. 
The Senate passed the first budget 
resolution with the House since 2009— the first one since 2009. The Appropria-tions Committee passed all 12 spending bills for the first time in 6 years. We passed the longest reauthorization of the highway trust fund in almost a dec-ade. The Senate passed trade pro-motion authority for the first time 
since 2002. We passed a permanent doc fix to prevent Medicare payment cuts— after 17 temporary patches since 2002. 
And the Senate ended Washington’s test-based education policies by mak-ing States responsible and accountable. 
A lot of people in Washington have 
written about gridlock, and they had gotten used to the gridlock when Democrats ran the Senate. Now they are starting to realize the Senate real-ly is working again. They realize we can actually get things done. That is not me speaking. That is what the Bi-partisan Policy Center recently said. This is a group of former Republican and Democratic Members of Congress. They came out with a report called their ‘‘Healthy Congress Index.’’ They did it for the first 6 months of 2015. 
The headline of the report was ‘‘Con-
tinued Signs of Life in Congress.’’ Con-tinued signs of life—imagine that—ac-tual signs of life and activity taking place in Congress this year. 
This bipartisan group reported that 
the total number of days worked is up from previous years—15 more days worked just so far in the first 6 months of the Senate compared to last year. That is 3 more weeks of work on the Senate floor than the year before under H
ARRY REID. 
The Bipartisan Policy Center also 
said the committees are actually work-ing again. ‘‘Congressional committees have been extremely active, reporting a significantly larger number of bills than the previous two Congresses.’’ That is because the committees are working again. In the first 6 months of this year we had 102 bills reported out of committees in the Senate, compared to just 69 in the first 6 months of the last Congress and just 42 in the Con-gress before that. Now, that is just through the end of June. Our commit-tees have produced even more bills since then. So committees are work-ing—and we are working together—to push out bipartisan bills. 
Right now both Houses of Congress 
are in a 60-day period of scrutinizing the Iran nuclear agreement. We are able to do that because the Iran Nu-clear Agreement Review Act had unan-imous support in the Foreign Relations Committee—Republicans and Demo-crats voting together—and then it got overwhelming bipartisan support on the Senate floor. That is just one more way the Senate is working again. 
So far in this Congress we passed 
more than 64 different bills. The high-way trust fund legislation was bipar-tisan. It will fund highways and trans-portation all across the country, and 26 Democrats voted in favor of that legis-lation. We passed the education reform bill with 40 Democrats in favor. When we passed the trade promotion author-ity, 14 Democrats joined Republicans to get that done. These important pieces of legislation are just part of our commitment to work together to solve problems for the American people. 
Even Tom Daschle—Tom Daschle, 
the former Democratic Senate leader— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05AU6.002 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6334 August 5, 2015 
recently said: ‘‘The good news is that 
Congress is continuing to move in the right direction: staying in session more often, empowering committees to work together.’’ That is from a former Democratic majority leader in the Sen-ate, Tom Daschle. He is exactly right. The Senate is working again, we are moving in the right direction, and we are just getting started. I am hopeful that we can continue to work together to find solutions on more issues that matter to the American people. 
There is still a lot of work to be 
done, specifically related to our econ-omy. People want a healthy economy. But there is still far too much redtape and regulation coming out of Wash-ington, and it continues to strangle our economy. 
New numbers came out last week 
about the slow pace of economic growth over the first half of the year. One of the headlines came out last Fri-day about the slow pace and it said: ‘‘Worst Expansion Since World War II Gets Even Worse.’’ ‘‘Worst Expansion Since World War II Gets Even Worse.’’ The article says: ‘‘The economy ex-panded at a 2.3 percent annual rate in the second quarter [of the year], once again falling short of projections for a decisive rebound and raising concerns that the six-year old expansion will never pick up steam’’—will never pick up steam, ever. So the recovery from the last recession has been far weaker than recoveries from other recessions under Presidents Reagan and Clinton. 
One reason is that the Obama admin-
istration has tied the hands of those who hire others. It makes it much harder to get our economy going again. Hard-working families are still strug-gling because their wages are not grow-ing. 
That is what another set of govern-
ment numbers said on Friday. Accord-ing to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, employment costs had their worst gains ever in the second quarter of the year. 
What does the White House plan to 
do about it? What is President Obama’s plan for ‘‘Worst Expansion Since World War II Gets Even Worse’’? What does the President want to do about it? Well, on Monday President Obama and the administration announced its so- called—so-called—Clean Power Plan, and it is going to mandate massive new redtape and job-crushing regulations. It is a national energy tax. 
More Americans will lose their jobs, 
and more hard-working families across the country will be hit with higher electric bills. Congress can stop this costly and destructive regulation from taking effect, and that is where we are headed. 
The way to do it is by passing a bi-
partisan piece of legislation called the Affordable Reliable Electricity Now Act. 
The American people have seen that 
Congress is capable of coming together to take on important issues, and this is certainly one. Hardworking Americans are ex-
tremely anxious for us to continue working together to solve some of these problems that continue to face our country. We have done it before, and we can do it again, as long as we have a willing partner. 
The Senate passed the bipartisan 
Keystone XL Pipeline jobs bill. Then President Obama vetoed it. 
We passed an appropriations bill out 
of committee that funded the Depart-ment of Defense at the levels the Presi-dent requested, and the Democrats here in the Senate have blocked those funds for our troops. In fact, Demo-crats are blocking all of the appropria-tions bills, including ones that passed out of the committee with bipartisan support. 
The American people want their 
elected representatives in the Senate to deal with these issues. The Amer-ican people want to see us get past the gridlock once more—as we have al-ready done so many times this year. The American people want us to tear down the barriers to stronger economic growth so they can get back to work, they can earn a decent wage, and they can take care of their families. 
This Senate has accomplished a lot 
in the first half of the year. I believe we can do even more in the second half of the year. That is the commitment Republicans made to the American people, and we are keeping that com-mitment. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Mr. DURBIN. I ask unanimous con-
sent to speak as in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
NUCLEAR AGREEMENT WITH IRAN  
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I have 
had the honor of serving in the Senate now for three terms, and I’m in my fourth term. I have been on the Senate floor a major part of my public life and witnessed a lot of things that have oc-curred here. I remember quite a few of them, but the one that sticks in my memory goes back to 2002. It was the end of September or the beginning of October—I will get the exact date—and there was a critical debate taking place on the floor of the Senate that went late into the night. The final vote happened around midnight. The ques-tion was whether the United States should be authorized to invade Iraq. 
I remember that debate because we 
were still reeling from the tragedy of 9/ 11. We were still determined to keep America safe. We worried about our vulnerabilities and our strengths. The George W. Bush administration, after several months of preparing for this de-bate, led most Americans to believe 
that Saddam Hussein, the leader in Iraq, possessed weapons of mass de-struction. Some of the testimony even suggested those weapons could threat-en our allies, our friends, and even the United States of America. 
It was in that context that a decision 
was made to invade Iraq, but first the decision had to come through Congress. The American people had their chance through their elected representatives in the Senate and the House to make that decision. 
The public sentiment behind the war 
in Iraq was overwhelmingly positive as we voted. The belief was that we had to stop Saddam Hussein before there was another attack on the United States like 9/11. Sentiments ran very high. The rhetoric was heated. 
I remember that night. I remember 
there were two of my colleagues on the floor after everyone had gone home. One was Kent Conrad, the Senator from North Dakota, and the other was Paul Wellstone, the Senator from Min-nesota. Now, 23 of us had voted no on authorizing the war in Iraq. It included the three of us who remained. 
I was up for reelection, as was Sen-
ator Wellstone. I went to Paul Wellstone in the well of the Senate and I said: Paul, I hope that vote doesn’t cost you the election in a few weeks. 
Paul Wellstone said to me: It is all 
right if it does. This is who I am and this is what I believe, and the people of Minnesota expect nothing less. 
The story unfolds. In the ensuing 
weeks Paul Wellstone died in a plane crash before the election took place, but I still remember that moment, and I remember what I considered to be an act of conscience by my friend and col-league from Minnesota. 
I thought about the thousands of 
votes that I have cast in the House and the Senate, and only a handful are still right there in front of me. They include the votes that you cast that relate to war. You know if you vote to go to war even under the right circumstances, in-nocent people will die. Americans will die. There is no more serious or grave responsibility than to take those ques-tions of foreign policy as seriously as or more seriously than virtually any other issue. 
Fast forward to where we are today. 
We will leave this week and be gone for 4 or 5 weeks and return in September. The first item of business will be the Iran agreement. I view this vote on the Iran agreement in the same class as the vote on the war in Iraq. It is a question, a serious foreign policy ques-tion, about whether Iran will be stopped from developing a nuclear weapon. We have added into this con-versation the decision of Congress as to whether they approve the President’s treaty. That doesn’t often happen, but it will in this case. 
We have to look at the possibility 
that Congress will reject the Iran trea-ty. Even if the President vetoes it, there is still a question as to whether 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05AU6.012 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6335 August 5, 2015 
Congress would override that veto. We 
have to ask ourselves: What happens if this Iran agreement comes to an end? Military action—some form of military action. 
One of the Senators on the other side 
of the aisle assured us 4 days—we will take care of the Iranian nuclear prob-lem in 4 days. He wasn’t here when we were told the war in Iraq would last 2 weeks. So 4,844 American lives later, with tens of thousands injured, and trillions of dollars spent, that war ended with a result that none of us really view as a success for American foreign policy. Now we face that same question. Those who would reject the Iranian agreement have a responsi-bility to come to this floor and explain what happens next. 
Yesterday we called a meeting. I 
asked the Ambassadors from the five nations that joined us in the negotia-tions with Iran to come meet with Members of the Senate on the Demo-cratic side. We had the Ambassador from Russia, the Ambassador from China, the Ambassador from the United Kingdom, and the Deputies Chief of Mission from Germany and France. About 30 Democratic Senators gathered to ask questions in a com-pletely off-the-record, informal atmos-phere. 
The first question asked was, what 
happens if Congress rejects this Iranian agreement? What happens the next day? What is the next step? They said the notion that we will sit back down at the table with the Iranians, in the words of one of these Ambassadors, is far-fetched. 
We have spent 35 years bringing Iran 
to this table. These nations joined us in an effort to try to stop Iranians from developing a nuclear weapon. These nations are satisfied that what we have put together is an agreement that is verifiable with inspections. 
When I think back to Ronald Reagan, 
I didn’t agree with him on a lot of things, but I sure agreed with what he said when it came to these agreements, ‘‘trust, but verify.’’ There is verifica-tion in this agreement. The IAEA, which is the United Nations group that inspects atomic facilities around the world, is tasked with inspecting and re-porting and continuing to investigate Iran throughout the life of this agree-ment. 
Can we trust them? Well, just as a 
historic reminder, it was the IAEA that said to the United States: There are no weapons of mass destruction that we can find in Iraq. 
We ignored them. We invaded. We 
paid a heavy price for it. It turns out they were right. Some of our leaders were just plain wrong. The agency has credibility, it has a track record, and it is authorized under this agreement to move forward. 
What struck me, as I looked at those 
Ambassadors sitting across the table from 30 Members of the Senate yester-day, was how historic this moment is. China, Russia, the United Kingdom, Germany, France, and the United 
States were all together negotiating, trying to bring at least some modicum of peace to the Middle East. Some of the statements that were made were compelling. 
A gentleman from the German side 
said: I won’t go into the history of Ger-many—you know it well—but I will tell you we are more committed to the sur-vival of Israel than any nation in Eu-rope. 
Any student of history knows exactly 
what he was speaking of. Now we have an opportunity to turn to diplomacy to avoid the military and avoid war. And what do we find? In April of this year, 47 Senators on the other side of the aisle sent a letter to the Ayatollah in Iran, the Supreme Leader of Iran, and said: Do not negotiate with President Obama and the United States. What-ever you think you have agreed to is subject to congressional approval, and don’t expect the next President of the United States to abide by any agree-ment. 
Forty-seven Senators from the other 
side of the aisle signed that letter. What would have happened if 47 Demo-cratic Senators had sent a letter to Saddam Hussein before the invasion of Iraq and said the same thing: Don’t ne-gotiate with President Bush. Don’t even think that you can avoid a war. 
I think they would have had us up on 
charges. At least Vice President Che-ney would have. But in April, before the agreement was even announced on the other side of the aisle, 47 Senators said: Don’t waste your time negoti-ating. I think they are wrong. 
I think we ought to go back to the 
words of John Kennedy. John Kennedy said: We should never negotiate out of fear, but we should never fear to nego-tiate. 
Leaders in our country—Republican 
Presidents—have stepped up to that ne-gotiating table with a flurry of criti-cism that they would even sit down with these enemies of the United States and try to find a more peaceful world. Ronald Reagan sat down with Gorbachev looking for containment of nuclear weapons. It was Richard Nixon, another Republican President, who sat down with the Chinese to open rela-tions with them while the Chinese were supplying and fortifying the North Vi-etnamese fighting American forces. De-spite that criticism, they had the cour-age to sit down and look for a diplo-matic way to find a more peaceful world, and that is what we face today. 
This Iran agreement is our oppor-
tunity to test diplomacy, and I invite Israel, our friends and allies in Israel, to join us in holding Iran to the letter of the law in this agreement. Join us in reviewing these inspections. Join us in calling for the availability of these fa-cilities so we know exactly what is going on with Iran from this point for-ward. Let’s join together in a force to make this a more peaceful world. I think this is our chance. I know this is a vote of conscience for me, and I am sure it is for all of my colleagues. I 
hope there will be the courage to try diplomacy before we turn to war. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oklahoma. 
Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, in 
the days ahead, we are facing one of the most consequential issues we will face as a nation—this issue of an agree-ment with Iran. Some people want to make this into a partisan conversation. It is not a partisan conversation. It is a national security issue, and it is a world security issue. 
The Senate has already held multiple 
hearings on Iran and on this particular agreement with the Intelligence Com-mittee I sit on, the Armed Services Committee, and the Foreign Relations Committee. I personally met with Sec-retary of Treasury Jack Lew, Sec-retary of Energy Ernest Moniz, and Secretary of State John Kerry. I have been through the agreement and the classified portion of this agreement in every detail. 
I wish I could also go through the 
IAEA information about how the in-spections will actually occur because the agreement itself gives broad state-ments. The IAEA agreement will be the narrow, practical version of how they will actually do inspections. I have been told over and over again by the administration and by officials that the United States will not have a role in determining how the inspections will be done and that they will not even see the methods of how we will do inspections before they actually begin. 
They told me they have been orally 
briefed on the process, but they have not actually seen it, which means since they haven’t seen it, I can’t see it. It seems odd to me that the final aspect of the agreement that actually gives the greatest detail of how the inspec-tions will occur none of us can actually see. It is difficult to have this ‘‘trust, but verify’’ attitude when we were not given the ability to verify how they are verifying it and to see how much trust is actually being given in this process. 
The White House has told us over and 
over again that if you don’t like this deal, there are two options—it is either war or provide a better solution. I am telling everyone: Let’s slow down. Let’s look at both of those things, and let’s also back up and see where we are. 
For years the United States and the 
United Nations said that Iran should not enrich uranium. In fact, there are six U.N. resolutions saying that Iran should not enrich uranium. Why? Be-cause Iran is the single largest state sponsor of terrorism in the world. Iran has propped up the Assad regime in Syria. They are paying the soldiers to walk side by side and to fight with Assad right now and hold up that Syr-ian Government. Iran is paying for and propping up the coup that is in Yemen right now on Saudi Arabia’s southern border. They are still chanting in the streets ‘‘Death to America,’’ and they are actively pursuing larger and larger 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05AU6.014 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6336 August 5, 2015 
weapons. I think there is a reason to 
take this seriously. 
Now, back to the statement by the 
White House. They have said: If you don’t agree with this agreement, then it is either war or you come up with a better option. 
I will briefly touch on those two 
issues. I think in many ways this agreement actually pushes us faster to a process towards war. Why would I say that? Because the conventional weap-ons ban is lifted under this agreement, and Iran can freely purchase weapons from around the world that have been banned by a U.N. treaty, and that is now lifted under this agreement. 
To pacify the Gulf States and Israel, 
the administration immediately went to the Gulf States and said: We under-stand the conventional weapons ban is being lifted there, so we are going to provide you greater technology and weapons, and we are going to provide you greater access to weapons and help to be able to get those weapons. 
So help me understand why encour-
aging the Middle East to start dialing up with more and more weapons on both sides of this doesn’t actually push us towards war even faster? 
Then there is this statement about 
providing a better solution, as if this is the only option that is sitting out there. Well, the agreement itself was written in such a way that the U.N. would approve this first, the European Union would approve it second, and then the U.S. Congress would get it third. That was intentionally done to try to add pressure to this Congress to say: You can’t turn away from this. The rest of the world has signed on to it, so you can’t turn away from it. 
This Congress should not process 
things under fear, and this Congress should not process things by saying: You are the last in line so you better sign up to where the rest of the world is. 
We have to look at this because we 
are directly affected by this issue. Re-member, Iran has said over and over again that the United States is the great Satan in the world. Anyone who believes that Iran wants to be able to come alongside us and be a peaceful member of the club is not listening to what Iran is actually saying, not to mention this whole theory of, if you don’t sign onto this agreement, there is no better deal. 
Last week Bloomberg reported that 
the French senior diplomat, Jacques Audibert—the senior diplomatic ad-viser to President Hollande, the indi-vidual who led the French diplomatic team in discussions with Iran in the P5+1 group, and the one who was in the room—earlier this month directly dis-puted Kerry’s claim that a congres-sional rejection of the Iran deal would result in the worst of all words, the collapse of sanctions, and Iran racing to a bomb without restrictions. 
The French senior diplomat actually 
said: If Congress votes this down, there will be saber-rattling and chaos for a year or two, but in the end nothing will 
change and Iran will come back to the table and negotiate a better deal that will be to our advantage. 
I will run that by again. He said he 
thought if Congress votes this down, we will get a better deal. That means two things: He believes, again, that Iran will come back to the table on this, and he also believes there is a better deal out there, and that this is not the best deal we can get. 
After going through the agreement, I 
have very serious concerns about it. I am concerned there are loopholes in this agreement that are big enough to drive a truck through. Specifically, this truck is the truck that is big enough to drive it through. 
I will go through some of my con-
cerns. This agreement assumes that the intelligence community can iden-tify locations in a country the size of Texas—all the locations—for a possible inspection, notify the IAEA which places they should go, and that we would be able to contact Iran and get permission from them to visit those sites, which takes approximately 1 month—I will go into greater detail on that—and that we will actually access those sites and find the information we want there. 
The IAEA is reporting that they can 
actually only track for uranium. So all of the other research that goes into building a nuclear weapon, they couldn’t actually track that after 24 days, but if there was uranium there, they feel confident they could actually track that. So basically, if we are in the final stages of their assembling something, and we catch them and we are able to get permission to get in there, we could get to it. Not to men-tion the fact that the Iranian leaders have said over and over again since the agreement was signed that there is no way that the IAEA will get access to military sites in Iran. That is a loop-hole big enough to drive this truck through. 
The IAEA has to give 24 hours’ notice 
of its intent to inspect, and then Iran has 14 days to let the inspectors in. Of course, they can stall for 10 more days in the agreement itself. That is 25 days, minimum, to hide whatever they are working on. That is a lot of time to be able to move computer equipment and all sorts of installed things. At the end of it, the IAEA would say, we can actu-ally determine if there were ever ura-nium there even after 25 days, but basi-cally nothing else. 
We have incredible people who work 
for us in the intelligence community that most Americans will never see and never meet. There are some amazing, patriotic Americans, but they can’t see everything and they can’t catch every needle in the haystack that is in Iran. It would help the intelligence commu-nity, and it would help us in our in-spections, if we had access to the pre-vious military dimensions for the nu-clear weapons program that Iran has had on board. But the agreement itself only says we have to get all things 
from right now forward, that we don’t have to have the documents previous. And if we do, Iran will actually pick the documents that we will see pre-vious in their nuclear practice. 
So now we have to find a location 
with no previous documents, with no way to be able to really see what re-search they have done and how far ad-vanced they are. We are looking for dif-ferent things, if there are different stages of their research and develop-ment on a nuclear weapon. To say in the agreement we are not going to have to get all the previous research they have done in the past is an enormous loophole and it is a definite detriment to what we are doing in our own dis-covery. 
Iran has to dramatically decrease the 
number of centrifuges that are spin-ning and cascading to enrich uranium. That is true, and I am glad for that. They have to pull out what is a known stockpile and reduce it. I am glad of that, and that is a positive thing. But Iran can continue to enrich uranium with 5,000 cascading centrifuges, just in smaller amounts and using their older centrifuges. Again, that sounds like a win. But there is no reason, if they have peaceful purposes for uranium, to keep 5,000 centrifuges spinning—if they are only doing it for peaceful purposes. 
Iran can continue testing their ad-
vanced centrifuges in small cascades— their IR–6s, their IR–8s. 
Iran can continue doing research and 
development on their most advanced form of centrifuges. Worst of all, they can keep over 1,000 of their most ad-vanced centrifuges still in a cascade in their most heavily fortified facility. They just have to promise they won’t put uranium in there. But they can continue to do testing and development so when that time comes, they will be ready to accelerate uranium faster. So, basically, they can do everything in the process, except include uranium at that point. 
We are allowing them time to in-
crease their research, with 1,000 cen-trifuges in their most advanced level. Why would we agree to that? That doesn’t seem to be a pathway to peace-ful purposes. That seems to be a path-way to high-grade uranium and the de-velopment within country. 
I have already mentioned that within 
just a very few years, the conventional weapons ban is lifted in this agree-ment, allowing additional conventional weapons to flood into the single largest state sponsor of terrorism in the world—not to mention the fact that what is flooding in before all of those conventional weapons are billions of dollars that have been held in sanc-tions. 
Now, again, there has been no change 
on tactics of terrorism. There has been no change of statement from the lead-ership of Iran, but they are getting bil-lions of dollars. Under sanctions, they used their money to prop up Yemen to form a coup there and to prop up Assad 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05AU6.016 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6337 August 5, 2015 
in Syria. What are they going to do 
with an additional $60 billion, $70 bil-lion? 
The administration has said they 
desperately need that money so they can do infrastructure. They are getting billions of dollars. No one is going to tell me a major portion of that is not going to be used for terrorism. 
As the administration has said, we 
have built in snapback sanctions so that if Iran violates something, imme-diately we will snap back the sanc-tions. But if we actually look at the de-tails of how those snapback sanctions happen, it is months and months in the process of getting everyone back to-gether and forming an agreement that we are going to do that. And if we snap back sanctions, written into the agree-ment it says Iran can then—if we snap back sanctions—kick out their part of the agreement as well and consider it a violation of the agreement and walk away, and now there are no restric-tions on them. So, basically, we are the ones that are punished if we ever snap back sanctions. If we snap back sanc-tions, Iran could say, see, I told you so, and then immediately kick into the normal process they were into before. By the way, their advanced centrifuges are already spinning. They are still continuing. Nothing was diminished. I haven’t even mentioned that their re-search and development can continue on all of their weapons systems. All of that is unabated. The only limitation seems to be around enriched uranium, but everything else continues the same. 
I was also appalled as I went through 
this agreement and saw the leader of the Quds Force, General Suleimani, who personally coordinated the cre-ation, distribution, and installation of improvised explosive devices in Iraq de-signed to kill Americans. This leader personally was engaged in killing hun-dreds of American soldiers in the war in Iraq—hundreds. The sanctions on that general are lifted so he can have normalized relationships worldwide, and four American hostages remain. Can someone tell me why for the mur-derer-of-Americans general, his sanc-tions are lifted, but American citizens still remain hostages in Iran? 
I have to tell my colleagues, I was 
stunned by many things that were in this agreement and how many loop-holes were built into it, but none sur-prised me more than the part of the agreement that we made as a country, apparently, that if Iran is attacked, the United States will now come to their defense. Help me understand this. As they continue a nuclear weapons program, if a country steps in and at-tacks them and says no, you can’t do that, that is a violation and we are going to stop that, the United States is now agreeing to come defend Iran as they are advancing their nuclear pro-gram? Have we lost our mind? 
Now, the administration, when asked 
about this, just said it won’t happen. If it won’t happen, why did we put it in the agreement? Why is it there at all? 
There seems to be a struggle to be able to get an agreement more than it is a struggle to say we have to prevent the world’s largest sponsor of terrorism from getting a nuclear weapon at any cost. This is not about slowing their nuclear program. It should be about stopping their nuclear program. 
This cannot come to our doorstep. 
This cannot come to the Middle East. And while the Middle East further weaponizes to prepare for a more ag-gressive Iran, we continue to step up and say we will help you weaponize, and I don’t see how that is deterring us from war. 
There is a better agreement out 
there, and we should push to get it. We should take care of the loopholes that are big enough to drive a truck through. We should resolve this issue. We should not pretend this is a par-tisan issue. This is not about Repub-lican versus Democrat. This is about peace. This is about trying to work out the differences—and the differences are strong—with all nations and Iran. Let’s work that out together, and let’s keep pushing until we get this resolved. 
I cannot support this agreement with 
Iran. 
With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maine. 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I rise 
today to speak in favor of the Cyberse-curity Information Sharing Act of 2015. 
I wish to first recognize the hard 
work of Chairman B
URR and Vice 
Chairman F EINSTEIN and their leader-
ship on this very important legislation. As a member of the Senate Intelligence Committee, I am well aware of the need to strengthen our computer net-works against our adversaries, whether they be nation-states, such as China, Russia, and Iran, or terrorist groups or international criminal gangs or hacktivists. 
Along with former Senator Joe Lie-
berman, I authored the Intelligence Re-form and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004. This bill implemented many of the recommendations of the 9/11 Com-mission report in the wake of Al Qaeda’s terrorist attack on our country that took the lives of nearly 3,000 peo-ple. Many of the reforms enacted in our 
law were well-known and recommended prior—far before—the attacks on our country on 9/11, but they simply were never implemented, despite the clear and present threat posed by Al Qaeda. 
Today, my concern is that we are re-
peating much the same mistake when it comes to the cyber domain. Our Na-tion has unparalleled strength, but cyber space allows much weaker adver-saries to target our people, our econ-omy, and our military. 
Just as modern passenger planes de-
signed in the United States were turned against us and used as weapons back in September of 2001, so too could the digital tools designed in the United States be turned against us to deal a devastating blow to our economy, our national security, and our way of life. We already know many of the steps 
necessary to reduce the likelihood of a cyber 9/11, yet many of these actions have not yet been taken in either the government or the private sector. As one former official told the 9/11 Com-mission last year in preparation for its 10th anniversary report, ‘‘we are at September 10th levels in terms of cyber preparedness.’’ How many experts have to tell us that it is not a matter of if we are going to be the subject of a major cyber attack but when? How many more serious intrusions do we have to have in the private sector with banks, major retailers affected or in the public sector, where we have had the huge and serious OPM breach which affects some 21 million Ameri-cans? How many more of these do we have to have occur before Congress fi-nally acts? 
Consider the fact that the economic 
and technological advantages that the United States enjoys today required decades of research and development and investment of literally billions of dollars. Yet these competitive edges are eroding because hackers and other countries are stealing the intellectual property that gives us our competitive edge in the world. 
Three years ago, when I stood on the 
Senate floor with Senator Joe Lieber-man to urge the passage of the Cyber Security Act of 2012, which we wrote, I quoted the then-NSA chief, General Keith Alexander, who said that we are in the midst of the greatest transfer of wealth in our Nation’s history. Yet this transfer of wealth continues and accel-erates. Information sharing remains fragmented, and the private sector is still hesitant about sharing and receiv-ing information with government. We have lost 3 years and endured endless, expensive data breaches since the Sen-ate refused to stop a filibuster on our cyber bill in 2012. I urge my colleagues: Let’s not make the same mistake today. 
Passing the Cybersecurity Informa-
tion Sharing Act of 2015 would make it easier for public and private sector en-tities to share cyber threat vulnerabil-ity information to stop the theft of trade and national security secrets, to stop the theft of personally identifiable information, and to help stop the theft of important information that all of us hold dear and consider to be private. 
The bill would eliminate some of the 
legal and economic disincentives im-peding voluntary two-way information sharing between private industry and government. It is a modest but essen-tial first step, especially for businesses, large and small, trying to protect their networks and information. 
Just this week, I met with an indi-
vidual whose trade association has been compromised, according to the FBI. Indeed, back in 2012, when we were debating whether to bring the Lieber-man-Collins cyber security bill to the Senate floor, one of the chief opponents was being hacked at that very time but did not know it until the FBI went to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05AU6.017 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6338 August 5, 2015 
that business organization and in-
formed them. 
While this bill promotes sharing be-
tween the government and the private sector—and that is an important and essential step—it does little to harden the protection of Federal networks or to guard the critical infrastructure on which we rely every day. Thus, I am in-troducing, with several of my col-leagues, two amendments to further strengthen our Nation’s cyber security posture. It would be a good first step if we could just pass this bill as it was re-ported by the Intelligence Committee, but I believe also strengthening the ci-vilian side of the Federal Government and our critical infrastructure is essen-tial for us to do the job completely and effectively. 
I want to make clear that I recognize 
there is no law we could ever write that is going to prevent every cyber at-tack. That is not possible. But there are effective actions we can and should take that would lessen the chances of these attacks occurring and that would decrease the opportunities for these in-trusions. So we must act. It is incum-bent upon us. 
For the millions of current, former, 
and retired Federal employees whose personal data was stolen from the poor-ly secured databases at the Office of Personnel Management, the threat posed by adversaries to inadequately protected Federal networks is all too real. As the FBI Director testified be-fore the Intelligence Committee in open session last month, this breach is a ‘‘huge deal’’ and represents a treas-ure trove of information for potential adversaries. But this cyber hack also points to a broader problem—the glar-ing gaps in the process for protecting sensitive information stored in Federal civilian agency networks. 
To respond, 2 weeks ago I introduced 
bipartisan legislation with Senators W
ARNER , MIKULSKI , COATS , AYOTTE , and 
MCCASKILL that would strengthen the 
security of the networks of Federal ci-vilian agencies. Most importantly, our legislation would grant the Depart-ment of Homeland Security the author-ity to issue binding operational direc-tives to Federal agencies to respond in the face of a substantial or imminent threat to Federal networks to ensure that immediate action is taken. 
Think of all those IG reports that 
OPM leaders completely ignored. They go back to 2008. Last fall the IG issued a report which sounded a warning which was so serious that he rec-ommended that certain networks be taken down until they were better pro-tected. But OPM officials largely ig-nored those warnings, those calls for action. That is why we need to em-power the Department of Homeland Se-curity in a situation like that to act, just as NSA acts to protect the dot-mil domain, the military and intelligence agencies in the Federal Government. 
I am pleased to report that all of the 
key elements of our bill were incor-porated into legislation unanimously approved last week by the Senate 
homeland security committee. I thank the chairman, Senator R
ONJOHNSON , 
and the ranking member, Senator T OM 
CARPER , for making those improve-
ments in their bill and incorporating our bill. We have joined together to file an amendment to add the committee- approved bill to the cyber security leg-islation. 
The primary problem our amendment 
would solve is that the Department of Homeland Security has the mandate to protect the dot-gov domain, but it only has limited authority to do so. As I said, this approach contrasts sharply with how the National Security Agen-cy defends the dot-mil domain, the in-formation in the military and intel-ligence agency networks. The Director of the NSA has the responsibility and the authority from the Secretary of Defense to monitor all DOD networks and to deploy countermeasures on those networks. If the Director finds that there is an insecure computer sys-tem and wants to take it off the net-work, he has the authority to do so. 
Although the Secretary of Homeland 
Security is tasked with a similar re-sponsibility to protect Federal civilian networks, he has far less authority to accomplish this task. Yet—think about it—Federal civilian agencies, such as OPM, the Internal Revenue Service, the Social Security Administration, and Medicare, are the repositories of vast quantities of very sensitive per-sonal data of Americans that must be better protected. We have that obliga-tion. Our bill would help ensure that occurs. 
Our amendment would harden Fed-
eral computer networks from cyber threats. I urge my colleagues to sup-port the Johnson-Carper-Collins-War-ner amendment. 
I have also filed a second amendment 
aimed at protecting our country’s most vital critical infrastructure from cyber attacks. For 99 percent of private sec-tor entities, the voluntary information sharing framework established in this cyber legislation will be sufficient, and the decision to share cyber threat in-formation should be left up to them. It should be voluntary. 
A second tier of reporting is nec-
essary to protect the critical infra-structure that affects the safety, health, and economic well-being of every American. My amendment would create a second tier of reporting to the government that would be mandatory but only for critical infrastructure where a cyber intrusion could reason-ably be expected to result in cata-strophic regional or national threats on public health or safety, economic security, or national security. 
The Department of Homeland Secu-
rity has already identified fewer than 65 entities—that is all we are talking about—out of all the hundreds of thou-sands of businesses and private sector entities in the United States, they have identified 65 entities where dam-age caused by a substantial but single cyber attack could cause catastrophic 
harm. How is ‘‘catastrophic harm’’ de-fined? It is defined as causing or having the likelihood to cause $50 billion in economic damage, 2,500 fatalities, or a severe degradation of our national se-curity. My amendment would just take that definition and require reporting from those entities—that would be mandatory if there were a cyber at-tack—and no one else. 
Without information about intru-
sions into our most critical infrastruc-ture, our government’s ability to de-fend our country against advanced per-sistent threats will suffer in a domain where speed is critical. 
Let me further explain why this 
amendment is necessary. The fact is that 85 percent of our country’s critical infrastructure is owned by the private sector, and we are not nearly as pre-pared as we should be for a cyber at-tack that could cause deaths, destruc-tion, and devastation. A recent study by the University of Cambridge and Lloyds Insurance found that a major cyber attack on the U.S. electric grid could result in a blackout in 15 States and Washington, DC, that could cause more than $1 trillion in economic im-pact and $71 billion in insurance claims. 
Under my amendment, the owners 
and operators of our country’s most critical infrastructure would be re-quired to report significant cyber in-trusions, similar to the manner in which incidents of communicable dis-eases must be reported to public health authorities and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Think about the ironic situation we have. Does it make sense that we require a single case of measles to be reported to the Federal Government but not an intru-sion into the industrial controls con-trolling a piece of critical infrastruc-ture that if it were attacked success-fully could result in the deaths of 2,500 people? 
The threats to our critical infra-
structure are not hypothetical; they are already occurring in increasing fre-quency and severity. ADM Mike Rog-ers, the Director of NSA, has described the cyber threat posed against critical infrastructure this way: ‘‘We have . . . observed intrusions into industrial con-trol systems. . . . What concerns us is that . . . this capability could be used by nation-states, groups or individuals to take down the capability of the con-trol systems.’’ 
Multiple natural gas pipeline compa-
nies were the targets of a sophisticated cyber intrusion campaign beginning in December of 2011, and our banks have been under cyber attacks repeatedly, most likely from Iran during the past 2 years. 
By implementing this tiered report-
ing system for our country’s critical infrastructure at greatest risk of a dev-astating cyber attack, our government can develop and deploy counter-measures to protect its own networks as well as the information systems of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05AU6.019 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6339 August 5, 2015 
other critical infrastructure and help 
these critical infrastructure owners and operators to better safeguard their systems from further attacks. 
Simply put, the current threat is too 
great and the existing vulnerability too widespread for us to depend solely on voluntary measures to protect the critical infrastructure on which our country and citizens depend. 
Again, I want to emphasize, 99 per-
cent of private sector entities would just have a voluntary system. I am talking about fewer than 65 entities that operate critical infrastructure that the Department of Homeland Se-curity has identified as at risk and has described that the consequences would be either $50 billion in economic dam-age, 2,500 deaths or a severe degrada-tion of our national security. 
Surely, if we have a cyber attack of 
that severity, we want to know about it. We will need to act. Our laws have simply not kept pace with the digital revolution. We must not wait any longer to make these reforms or be lulled into the mistaken belief that small incremental steps will be enough to stay ahead of our adversaries in cyber space or, worse yet, that we take no action, that we allow a filibuster against even a modest bill to help us be more secure. 
By adopting the underlying legisla-
tion, plus the two amendments my col-leagues and I have offered, we can begin the long overdue work of secur-ing cyber space. In doing so, we will be securing our economic and national se-curity for the next generation. 
I was in the Senate on that terrible 
day in September of 2001, on 9/11/2001, when our Nation was attacked. I was assigned the responsibility, along with Joe Lieberman and the other members of what was then the Governmental Af-fairs Committee, to look at whether that attack could have been prevented if the dots had been connected. The 9/11 Commission’s conclusion was that most likely it could have been. 
I don’t want to be here after a mas-
sive cyber attack that has resulted in the deaths of thousands of our fellow Americans, severe economic damage or a terrible degradation of our national security and ask the question: Why did we not act? I am not saying any law can prevent every attack. Clearly, that is not the case. Our adversaries are in-finitely creative, and they will keep probing our computer systems, our cyber networks, but surely we ought to be doing everything we can to make it far more difficult for any of these at-tacks to be successful, surely we ought to pass the bill reported with only one dissenting vote by the Intelligence Committee, and surely we ought to strengthen the protection of our crit-ical infrastructure and our Federal ci-vilian agencies. 
We need to make sure we are doing 
everything we responsibly can do to lessen the possibilities of a cyber 9/11. I urge my colleagues to proceed to con-sider this important bill. I suggest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
S
ASSE). The clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, for the 
information of my colleagues, I just wanted to list the cosponsors of the amendment that I described having to do with critical infrastructure. I listed the cosponsors of the amendment that deals with protecting civilian agencies but neglected to do so on the other. It is a bipartisan amendment. It is co-sponsored by three other members of the Intelligence Committee: Senator W
ARNER , Senator C OATS , and Senator 
HIRONO . 
I just wanted that to be clear. I think 
it is significant that those members of the Intelligence Community do believe we need to go further in this arena. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from South Dakota. 
REMEMBERING DAVID ‘‘DAVE ’’ RUHL  
Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, I rise to 
honor a fallen hero, David or ‘‘Dave’’ Ruhl of Rapid City, SD. Dave was an engine captain on the Mystic Ranger District of the Black Hills National Forest near Rapid City. Since June 14, Dave had been serving our country on a temporary assignment as the assistant fire management officer on the Big Valley Ranger District on the Modoc National Forest near Adin, CA. 
Dave had been bravely and selflessly 
fighting the Frog Fire near Alturas, CA, along with many other firefighters who were risking their lives to protect the people and communities near that fire incident. Friends say he took this voluntary assignment to learn more about firefighting and improve his skills because he was so passionate about his profession. 
Tragically, the team lost contact 
with Dave on Thursday evening, July 30. Search and rescue teams worked diligently to locate Dave with the hope that he would be found safe. Sadly, Dave did not survive. 
An investigation will reveal details 
about this very unfortunate and tragic loss of life, and there will be a learning which comes from this. His death is a great loss to the State of South Da-kota, and his legacy and heroism will not be forgotten. Dave will be memori-alized forever on the South Dakota Firefighter Memorial in Pierre, his name etched in history for all to honor. 
Professionally, Dave will be remem-
bered as a passionate, knowledgeable, and well-trained firefighter. That is ac-cording to his colleagues who admired him and respected him. His commit-ment to helping others was evident throughout his life. Dave began his Forest Service career in 2001 as a sea-sonal forestry technician. Prior to that, he served in the U.S. Coast Guard and as a correctional officer with the 
State of South Dakota. 
Dave will also be remembered person-
ally as a dad, a husband, and a selfless public servant who longed to help oth-ers. Dave leaves behind his wife Erin and their two children Tyler and Ava of Rapid City. To them, I offer my deepest sympathy. 
While we cannot take away the hurt, 
please know we will never forget the sacrifice Dave made, and we will not forget the sacrifice that you as his family have made. Not everyone is willing to put their life on the line to protect us, but Dave did just exactly that. He put others before himself. Dave is a true hero. 
We ask the Good Lord to bless the 
Ruhl family and their friends during this difficult time and we ask all Americans to keep the Ruhl family in their thoughts and in their prayers. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
NUCLEAR AGREEMENT WITH IRAN  
Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, one 
thing we all agree on is that Iran can-not obtain a nuclear weapon. That has been the foundation of American pol-icy. For a long time, it has been at the root of these negotiations. That has been our guidepost as a body. It cer-tainly has been my guiding principle as I review the course of these negotia-tions and the agreement that is now before us. That is because we know what a nuclear-armed Iran would mean for U.S. security, for Israeli security, and for regional security. Not only would it make their provocations in the region even more dangerous by giv-ing them a nuclear cover of protection, but it would also lead to a nuclear arms race in the region. 
That doesn’t mean Iran’s unaccept-
able conduct begins and ends with its pursuit of a nuclear weapons program. This is one of the largest state spon-sors of terrorism in the world. This is a 
country that has called for the obliter-ation of the Jewish State still to this day, chants for ‘‘Death to America,’’ a country that denies basic human rights and political liberties to its own citi-zens, and executes and imprisons thou-sands upon thousands of people who disagree with the regime. 
But this agreement and these nego-
tiations from the beginning have been about the nuclear issue. It has not at-tempted to resolve all of these other very dangerous and malevolent behav-iors that Iran engages in, in the region. We are focused on the nuclear issue be-cause we frankly believe we are more likely to deal with this other activity if we remove the question of a poten-tial nuclear weapons arsenal cover from the equation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05AU6.020 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6340 August 5, 2015 
So the test for this agreement is sim-
ple: Is Iran less likely to obtain a nu-clear weapon with this deal than with-out it? Because I answer yes to this question—because I believe they are less likely to get a nuclear weapon with this agreement than without it— I am going to support the agreement when it comes before the Senate for a vote this September. 
That doesn’t mean there aren’t parts 
of this agreement that I find distaste-
ful. I would have preferred for the dura-tion of the agreement to be longer than the 10 to 15 years of many of its compo-nents. I would have preferred to see fewer conditions on the inspections and on our access to contested sites. I would like for Congress’s ability to im-pose new sanctions on nonnuclear ac-tivity of Iran to be clearer and less clouded as part of this agreement. 
That being said, I think we achieved 
our objectives. Our negotiators achieved their objectives that they set out at the beginning. We have length-ened the breakout time from 2 to 3 months to now over a year. We have re-duced by 95 percent the amount of stored nuclear material that is housed within Iran’s borders. We get an inspec-tion regime which is absolutely unprec-edented. No other country has been subject to this kind of an inspection re-gime, not just as a declared site, not just the ability to get to undeclared sites but a view of the entire supply chain that backs up their nuclear pro-gram. 
There is an ability to snap back sanc-
tions should they cheat, an ability that is not conditioned on the support of countries such as Russia and China, and then an international consensus that undergirds this entire agreement. 
To me, this isn’t a referendum on the 
agreement, the decision we are going to make in the Senate; it is a choice. It is a choice between one set of con-sequences that flow from supporting the agreement and then another set of consequences that flow from a congres-sional rejection of the agreement. 
The set of consequences that occur if 
Congress rejects this agreement are pretty catastrophic. I would argue it would result in a big win for Iranians. What would happen? First, the sanc-tions would fray, at best; at worst, they would fall apart. Iran would re-sume their nuclear program. Maybe they wouldn’t rush to a bomb, but they would get closer. Inspectors would be kicked out of the country so we lose eyes on what Iran is doing. 
For those who believe we should just 
come back to the table and get a better deal, you have a very high bar to argue. You have to make a case that there are going to be a set of condi-tions that will cause Iran to come back to the table and agree to something different, more strenuous, and more rigorous than they did today. How does that happen if the sanctions are weak-er and their nuclear program is strong-er? It doesn’t. So this idea that you can get a better deal to me appears to be pure fantasy. Finally, I wish to spend a few min-
utes talking about this juxtaposition that the President has created that I know has caused some in this Chamber to blanch—the idea that this is a choice between this agreement or going to war. I understand that feels and sounds very unfair because no one who votes against this agreement believes they are voting to go to war. I want to make the case it is not as unfair as some may think it is because if there is no deal, if there is no ability to stop Iran from getting a nuclear weapon through a negotiation, and if we accept the premise that we are not going to stand still, do nothing, and take a wait-and-see approach if they were to move closer to a bomb, then the only option is the military option. And I frankly think it is time we start tak-ing seriously the rhetoric we are hear-ing from some Members of this body. Senator C
OTTON said this week that we 
could bomb Iran back to day zero if we took a military route to divorcing Iran from a nuclear weapon. 
Let us get back to reality for a sec-
ond about what a military strike would mean. You can set back Iran’s nuclear program for a series of years, but you cannot bomb Iran back to day zero un-less you are also prepared to assas-sinate everyone in Iran who has worked on the nuclear program. Why? Because you can’t destruct knowledge. You can’t remove entirely from that country the set of facts that got them within 2 to 3 months of a nuclear weap-on. 
So I know Members bristle at this 
notion the President is suggesting that it is a choice between an agreement or war, but there are Members of this body who are openly cheerleading for military engagement with Iran, who are oversimplifying the effect of mili-tary action, who are blind to the re-ality of U.S. military activity in that region over the course of the last 10 to 15 years. This belief in the omnipotent unfailing power of the U.S. military is not based in reality. 
We could set back a nuclear program 
for a series of years, but the con-sequences to the region would be cata-strophic. So I get that people don’t like the choice the President presents, but at some point we have to take Senator C
OTTON and his allies seriously when 
they continue to make a case for war and oversimplify the effects of a mili-tary strike. 
But let us be honest. This is all just 
a political agreement we are talking about here today. So we do have to re-serve the possibility that if all else fails and there is no other way to stop Iran from getting a nuclear weapon, we may have to take military action. None of us have taken that wholly off the table. But a military strike, if it is necessary, is made more effective if this deal is in place. 
We will have more international le-
gitimacy if we try diplomacy first and Iran rushes to the bomb in the context of this deal. We would have more part-ners in this military action if we stuck 
together on this agreement. 
I won’t say war isn’t an option, but I 
know it is more likely to be successful and effective in the context of this agreement than without it. And I cer-tainly would challenge anyone—Sen-ator C
OTTON and others—who try to 
simplify the effects of a military strike or suggest that it is the immediate al-ternative to this agreement. 
In 1993, Yitzhak Rabin said, when 
talking about Israel’s decision to rec-ognize the PLO, that ‘‘you don’t make peace with your friends, you make it with very unsavory enemies.’’ Diplo-macy is never easy, and the results of diplomacy are never pretty. 
This isn’t peace with Iran. We still 
reserve the right to fight them tooth and nail on their support for terrorism, on their denial of the right of Israel to exist, and their miserable human rights record. But the question still re-mains: Is the world better off with this agreement or is the world better off if this agreement falls apart at the hands of the Congress and we are right back to square one? 
I believe Iran is less likely to become 
a nuclear weapons state with this agreement than without it, and I am going to support it. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
P
ERDUE ). The Senator from Iowa. 
WHISTLEBLOWERS  
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I 
come to the floor, as I often do, to speak about the efforts of whistle-blowers. Many of you know my belief in and my respect for those patriotic people—men and women who, often at great cost to their own careers and per-sonal well-being, raise their voices when they see things happening they know are wrong, usually against the law or the misuse of taxpayer money. So it was with great joy that I partici-pated just last Thursday with about two dozen whistleblowers and hundreds of their families, friends, and sup-porters in the first annual congres-sional celebration of National Whistle-blowers Day. 
In my remarks to that group, I said 
that agency leadership needs to follow the example my colleagues and I set with the Whistleblower Protection Caucus. They need to send a strong sig-nal that whistleblowers are valued and that retaliation will not be tolerated. After all, the need to protect whistle-blowers is not new and it is not going away. 
In the midst of the whistleblowers 
appreciation day celebration, I re-ceived yet another harsh reminder that retaliation is alive and well in the ex-ecutive branch’s bureaucracies. At the very time several of my colleagues and I shared our appreciation for whistle-blowers, U.S. Marshals Service whistle-
blowers told me the hunt was on for folks in that agency who disclosed wrongdoing to my office. 
How ironic, as we recognized the 
bravery and the benefits of whistle-blowers in the past, a new set of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05AU6.025 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6341 August 5, 2015 
truthtellers were facing harsh con-
sequences that all too often come with their brave action in exposing wrong-doing. 
Agencies use many pretexts to hunt, 
to punish, and to intimidate whistle-blowers. So what is the pretext the Marshals Service is using? I am told the Marshals Service has launched an internal affairs investigation to find what they describe as a leak to the media and what harm a leak to the media does. 
Well, this is a dubious claim. For 
one, news stories about the problems at the Marshals Service are not new. Sec-ond, there are many stories in several different magazines and newspapers that strongly suggest there are many sources of those news leaks. 
Finally, I understand the Marshals 
Service internal affairs has allegedly seized the personal property of at least one of its so-called targets. I also un-derstand this personal property con-tains privileged communications with the target’s attorneys and protected disclosures to Members of Congress. 
I wish to note some things for leaders 
at the Marshals Service and at any Federal agency. First, protection for whistleblowers under the Whistle-blowers Protection Act is not just there for reporting to Congress or re-porting to the inspector general or re-porting to the Office of Special Coun-sel. The Supreme Court has said disclo-sures to media may be covered if the disclosure is not specifically prohibited by statute or Executive order, even if such disclosure violates an agency rule. 
So not only does this investigation 
appear to be retaliatory, but its sup-posed justification is obviously not le-gitimate. 
Second, even if there were nothing 
suspicious or retaliatory about the so- called investigation, it cannot be true that investigators need protected and privileged material to carry it out. 
Third, the recent track record of the 
Marshals Service on whistleblower pro-tection is pretty dismal. The internal affairs inquiry follows months of inves-tigation by Congress, the inspector general, and the Office of Special Coun-sel into allegations of misconduct at the U.S. Marshals Service. It also fol-lows at least two inaccurate and mis-leading responses from the Marshals Service and the Justice Department to letters from my committee. And it fol-lows numerous letters reporting allega-tions of widespread retaliation and very deep fears that employees have of such reprisal. 
Just so we are very clear, over 60 cur-
rent and former U.S. Marshals Service employees have made disclosures to my office since March. That is over 1.1 percent of the agency. Many of the re-ports include allegations that the Mar-shals Service frequently uses internal affairs investigations as mechanisms for reprisal. Reprisal for what, one might ask—for engaging in activities that are explicitly protected by law. 
Multiple whistleblowers from all 
across the Marshals Service have also told me that internal affairs does what-
ever it can to charge employees with misconduct, regardless of what the evi-dence actually says. So I thought the Justice Department would understand why I have concerns about this inves-tigation and about the way the mar-shals are apparently handling it. 
Remarkably, the Justice Department 
has told me that is all none of my busi-ness, and, of course, I strongly dis-agree. When you hear these sorts of things once or twice, there is a bit of a problem. When you hear them more than 60 times, coming directly to my office in less than 5 months, you start to understand there is a pattern out there. 
From where I sit, it seems to me the 
best thing for the agency to do is to get some outside input into this so-called investigation. The Department should be willing to work with me, other Members of Congress, the inspector general, and the Office of Special Coun-sel to ensure that whistleblower rights are fully protected as the law intends. But officials won’t even sit down and talk to us about it. 
Senator L
EAHY and I sent a joint let-
ter to the Attorney General last Friday asking for a briefing as soon as pos-sible. The answer? They claimed it would be inappropriate to discuss it with the two of us. I will tell you what would be inappropriate: using internal administrative inquiries to hunt down whistleblowers and stiff-arm a congres-sional scrutiny. That is what would be inappropriate. 
If the Justice Department and the 
Marshals Service think I am going to go away or give up on this, they are even less competent than I fear. 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
(The remarks of Mr. S
ULLIVAN per-
taining to the introduction of S. 1944 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under 
‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) 
Mr. SULLIVAN. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New Mexico. 
Mr. HEINRICH: Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
NUCLEAR AGREEMENT WITH IRAN  
Mr. HEINRICH. Mr. President, in the 
first decade of this century, when the policies of President George W. Bush entangled our Nation firmly in the war in Iraq, Iran’s nuclear program surged ahead rapidly and unchecked. They added thousands and thousands of cen-trifuges. They built numerous and complex nuclear facilities. They stock-piled highly enriched uranium. As we 
evaluate the proposed nuclear accord with Iran, it is important to compare what we have achieved with our allies 
against this reality. 
I firmly believe that as we work to 
ensure that Iran is never able to de-velop nuclear weapons, facts, data, and details actually matter far more than the rhetoric you hear here in Wash-ington, DC. Perhaps it is just the engi-neer in me, but when the accord be-came public, I sat down that morning and I started highlighting numbers. People in Washington are amazingly adept at arguing that up is down and that right is left. But numbers and data are a little harder to bend to our rhetorical will. 
Let’s start with this most important 
and critical data point: Without a deal, Iran has enough nuclear material stockpiled that they could acquire enough highly enriched material for a bomb in 2 to 3 months. That is what you hear talked about on the news as breakout time. Today Iran’s breakout time is 2 to 3 months. They have enough material that were they to move forward, they could break out in just a matter of months. With this ac-cord in place, their pathway forward is blocked. What is more, the breakout time is pushed back to over a year, giv-ing us and our allies around the world enough time to make sure they don’t move down this very dangerous path. 
Let’s move on to another key data 
point. If you went back to 2003, Iran only had 164 centrifuges. They surged forward—adding centrifuges, adding more advanced and complex cen-trifuges—to where they now have 19,000 centrifuges today. 
With this deal, once again, that num-
ber has rolled back. It has rolled back by two-thirds. But more importantly, of the 6,000 that remain, 1,000 of those cannot be used for enrichment, and all of them are the most basic and primi-tive IR–1 models. 
In addition, without a deal, Iran has 
amassed 12,000 kilograms, which is over 26,000 pounds of enriched uranium. This slide shows the public a representative example of what that would look like today. Under this accord, that is rolled back by 98 percent to just 300 kilo-grams. So starting from over 26,000 pounds, or 12,000 kilograms, and reduc-ing it by 98 percent, they no longer have the capacity or the stockpile to be able to quickly move forward to a weaponization scenario. 
In addition, it is important to realize 
Iran had enriched some of its stockpile to 20 percent. That is a very dangerous figure because 20 percent is actually a lot closer to weapons grade, and that would enable them to move quickly to weapons grade. It actually takes far longer to get to 4 percent than it does to get from 20 percent to a weaponized enrichment level. 
Under this accord, what previously 
was an enormous stockpile—and where some of that stockpile had actually reached dangerous levels of enrich-ment—will be rolled back to a point 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05AU6.038 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6342 August 5, 2015 
where all of the very limited 300 kilo-
grams have to be below 4 percent, a level of concentration and enrichment that is appropriate for peaceful energy purposes but not for a weapons pro-gram. 
In addition, without this accord, 
Iran’s uranium stockpile today is large enough to yield 10 to 12 nuclear bombs. With this accord, they won’t have enough stockpile—enough material—to produce even a single nuclear bomb. 
Now, we all know that verification is 
key to success, and under this deal Iran must allow 24/7 inspections and contin-uous video monitoring at its nuclear infrastructure, including Natanz, Fordow, the Arak reactor, and all of its uranium mining, milling, and proc-essing facilities. Furthermore, there is a mechanism in place that will allow inspections of any additional sites, should we suspect covert action is being taken to build a bomb outside of their existing supply chain. Con-sequently, this accord breaks each and every pathway that Iran has developed to create a weaponized nuclear device, including any potential covert effort that they might pursue. We should wel-come each of those developments as a major step toward both regional and international security. 
I have thought about these issues for 
a long time. I have thought about both the science and the politics of the nu-clear age since I was a young boy. I re-member growing up listening to my dad because he was there when this age started. He watched nuclear devices being exploded in the Marshall Islands in the South Pacific. He told me stories of what it was like to watch a mush-room cloud form over Enewetak Atoll. 
When I was studying engineering at 
the University of Missouri, I worked at one of the largest research reactors in the country. I know what it is like to look down into that blue glow of a re-actor pool. As a Senator from the State of New Mexico, I have seen firsthand many of the world’s centrifuges which are housed in my home State of New Mexico and dedicated to the peaceful production of energy. 
Serving on the Armed Services Com-
mittee, I helped set policy on non-proliferation and nuclear deterrence. As a member of the Senate Select Com-mittee on Intelligence, I have received numerous briefings on both Iran’s nu-clear program and their capabilities. I am well acquainted with the steps nec-essary to successfully construct a nu-clear weapon and the steps necessary to detect that kind of activity. It is be-cause of this familiarity that I am con-fident in this accord. 
The comprehensive, long-term deal 
achieved earlier this month includes all of the necessary tools to break each potential Iranian pathway to a nuclear bomb. Further, it incorporates enough lead time—the breakout time that we talked about before, which we cur-rently are in dire need of—so that should Iran change its course in the fu-ture, the United States and the world can react well before a device can be 
built. We hope that scenario never oc-curs, but should that happen—even with this accord—it truly leaves all of our options on the table, including the military option. 
Some of my colleagues in the Senate 
object to this historical accomplish-ment, saying that we could have done better; however, none of them have of-fered any realistic alternatives. The only concrete alternative, should Con-gress reject this deal, has been to en-gage in a military strike against Iran. While the military option will always remain on the table for the United States, even as we implement this ac-cord, it should remain our absolute last resort. 
As one can imagine, our military and 
intelligence leaders have looked at the potential repercussions should a direct military conflict with Iran occur. That dangerous path would provoke retalia-tion, instability, and would likely lead to a nuclear-armed Iran in a matter of just a few years rather than decades or never. Needless to say, this would be an irresponsible mistake. 
As former Brigadier General and Dep-
uty to Israel’s National Security Advi-sor Shlomo Brom has said, ‘‘This agreement represents the best chance to make sure Iran never obtains a weapon and the best chance for Con-gress to support American diplomacy— without taking any options off the table for this or future presidents.’’ 
For too long, our country has been 
engaged in overseas military conflicts that have cost our Nation dearly in both blood and treasure. We must al-ways be ready at a moment’s notice to defend our country, to defend our al-lies, and even our interests, but we must also look to avoid conflict when-ever a diplomatic option is present and possible. At this extraordinary mo-ment, I am convinced that this accord is in the best interest of our Nation and that of our allies. 
I am still deeply distrustful of Iran’s 
leadership. To make peace, you nego-tiate with your enemies, not with your friends. Obviously any deal with Iran will not be without risk, but the risks and the consequences of rejecting this deal are far, far more dire. This deal sets the stage for a safer and more sta-ble Middle East and, for that matter, a more secure United States of America. We must seize this historic oppor-tunity. 
I yield the rest of my time. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
B
OOZMAN ). The clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
T
OOMEY ). Without objection, it is so or-
dered. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent to withdraw the cloture motion with respect to the motion to proceed to S. 754. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that at a time to be determined by the majority lead-er, in consultation with the Demo-cratic leader, the Senate proceed to the consideration of Calendar No. 28, S. 754; I further ask that Senator B
URR then 
be recognized to offer the Burr-Fein-stein substitute amendment and that it be in order for the bill managers or their designees to offer up to 10 first- degree amendments relevant to the subject matter per side. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCONNELL. For the informa-
tion of all Senators, the first amend-ments on the Republican side will be the following: Paul No. 2564, Heller No. 2548, Flake No. 2582, Vitter No. 2578, Vitter No. 2579, Cotton No. 2581, Kirk No. 2603, Coats No. 2604, Gardner No. 2631, Flake No. 2580. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
Democratic leader. 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I assume 
we would alternate with Republican and Democrat amendments; is that right? 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Yes. 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the agreement be modified to allow 11 Democratic amendments instead of 10. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. REID. They will be as follows: 
Carper No. 2627, Coons No. 2552, Franken No. 2612, Tester No. 2632, Leahy No. 2587, Murphy No. 2589, Whitehouse No. 2626, Wyden No. 2621, Wyden No. 2622, Mikulski No. 2557, and Carper No. 2615. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. I suggest the ab-
sence of quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREEMENT —H.J. RES. 61 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that following leader remarks on Tuesday, September 8, the Senate proceed to the consider-ation of H.J. Res. 61 and that the ma-jority leader or his designee be recog-nized to offer a substitute amendment related to congressional disapproval of the proposed Iran nuclear agreement. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
The Democratic leader. Mr. REID. Mr. President, reserving 
the right to object, I want the debate we are going to have in a matter of weeks to be—and I think all of us do— dignified and befitting the gravity of one of the most important issues of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05AU6.044 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6343 August 5, 2015 
day. This is a step forward, and I do not 
object. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The majority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, 
with this agreement, we set up expe-dited consideration of the cyber bill and the Iran resolution. The Senate will hold voice votes on Executive nominations, but there will be no fur-ther rollcall votes this week. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oregon. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, so that 
all are clear with respect to where mat-ters are with the cyber security legisla-tion, a couple of days ago it was my fear that this bill would be brought up—it is a badly flawed bill—with no opportunity for Senators on either side of the aisle to fix the legislation. I was afraid that it would come up with no amendments and people would say ‘‘Oh my goodness, there are serious cyber threats.’’ And that is unquestionably correct. My constituents in Oregon, for example, have been hacked by the Chi-nese. I was concerned that people would say ‘‘We have all of these cyber threats; we have to act’’ and there would be no real opportunity to show how the legislation in its current form creates more problems than it solves. 
So that all concerned understand 
where things are, there are going to be more than 20 amendments to this badly flawed bill. Those of us who want to make sure there is a full airing of the issues have come to understand that there is no time limit that has yet been agreed to on those amendments. So there is going to be a real debate, and, of course, that is what the Senate is all about. 
I particularly wish to commend the 
millions of advocates around the coun-try who spoke out. I understand there was something like 6 million faxes that were sent to Members of this body. 
I am going to take a few minutes—I 
see my colleagues are here as well—to describe where I think this debate is and give a sense of what the challenge is going forward. 
I start with the basic proposition 
that we have a very serious set of cyber security threats, and I touched on see-ing it at home. Second, information sharing can be valuable. There is cer-tainly a lot of it now. It can be con-structive. Information sharing, how-ever, without vigorous, robust privacy safeguards, will not be considered by millions of Americans to be a cyber se-curity bill. Millions of Americans will say that legislation is a surveillance bill. 
So what I am going to do tonight— 
just for a few minutes because it is my understanding there are colleagues who would also like to speak—is describe exactly where this debate is. 
As written, the cyber security legis-
lation prevents law-abiding Americans from suing private companies that in-appropriately share their personal in-formation with the government. When I say personal information, I am talk-
ing about the contents of emails, finan-cial information, basically any data at all that is stored electronically. CISA, as the bill is called, would allow pri-vate companies to share large volumes of their customers’ personal informa-tion with the government after only a cursory review. Colleagues who want to 
look at that provision ought to take a look at page 16 of the bill. 
We were told repeatedly that this 
legislation is voluntary. The fact is, it is voluntary for the companies, but for the citizens of Pennsylvania, the citi-zens of Oregon, citizens across this country, it is not voluntary. The peo-ple of Pennsylvania won’t be asked first whether they want their informa-tion sent to the government. Orego-nians won’t have the chance to say whether they want that information sent. For them, this legislation is man-datory. 
To explain the damage that I believe 
this legislation would do, I want to take a minute to explain how cyber se-curity information sharing works now. Right now the Department of Home-land Security operates a national cyber security watch center 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. This watch center re-ceives cyber security threat informa-tion from around the Federal Govern-ment and from private companies, and this watch center sends out alerts and bulletins to security professionals to provide them with technical informa-tion about cyber security threats. In fiscal year 2014, this watch center sent out nearly 12,000 of these alerts to more than 100,000 recipients. That hap-pens today, with lots of companies par-ticipating. 
The system that is in place today in-
cludes rules to protect the privacy of law-abiding Americans. These rules en-sure that companies have a strong in-terest in protecting the privacy of their customers. But the legislation as it has been written now overrides those rules. The bill in front of us prevents individual Americans from suing com-panies that have mishandled their pri-vate information. As a result, compa-nies would suddenly, in my view, not have the same incentives with respect to caring about sharing their cus-tomers’ personal information with the government. And my concern and the concern, I believe, of millions of Amer-icans is that the interests of some who are overzealous—overzealous in govern-ment, overzealous in the private sec-tor—would overwhelm the interests of all of those customers who voluntarily handed over their information. 
I thought I would give a couple of ex-
amples of the problems the bill in its current form causes. Imagine that a health insurance company finds out that millions of its customers’ records have been stolen. If that company has any evidence about who the hackers were or how they stole this informa-tion, of course it makes sense to share that information with the government. But that company shouldn’t simply say ‘‘Here you go’’ and hand millions of its 
customers’ financial and medical infor-mation over to a wide array of govern-ment agencies. 
The records of the victims of a hack 
should not be treated the same way that information about the hacker is treated. If companies are sharing infor-mation for cyber security purposes, they ought to be required to make rea-sonable efforts to remove personal in-formation that isn’t needed for cyber security before that information is handed over to the government. And those government agencies ought to focus on using that information to combat a cyber security threat. 
That, I say to my colleagues, is not 
what the bill says. Page 16 of the bill would very clearly authorize compa-
nies to share large amounts of personal information that is unnecessary for cyber security, after only a cursory re-view. 
Now I wish to speak about just one 
other issue specifically that I think Senators are not familiar with, and that is the issue of cyber signatures. Cyber signatures are essentially rec-ognizable patterns in online code. A number of informed observers have raised the concern that once individual cyber signatures are shoveled over to the government by private companies, they could be used as the basis for broad surveillance affecting law-abid-ing Americans. I am not going to con-firm or deny any of the press reports that have raised concerns about cyber signatures being used in this way, but I believe Senators should understand that this is certainly—and it is being widely discussed in the public arena—a theoretical possibility, and that helps underscore the importance of including a strong requirement for private com-panies to remove unrelated personal in-formation about their customers before dumping data over to the government. 
In wrapping up, I would be remiss if 
I didn’t note that a secret Justice De-partment legal opinion that is clearly relevant to the cyber security debate continues to be withheld from the pub-lic. This opinion interprets common commercial service agreements, and in my judgment it is inconsistent with the public’s understanding of the law. So once again we have this question of what happens when the people of Penn-sylvania, Virginia, or Oregon think there is a law because they have read it in the public arena or on their iPad at home and then there is a secret inter-pretation. 
I have urged the Justice Department 
to withdraw that secret Department of Justice opinion that relates directly to the cyber security debate. They have declined to do so. I suspect many Sen-ators haven’t had the chance to review it. As I have done before on this type of topic, I would urge Senators or their staffs to take the time to read it be-cause I believe that understanding the executive branch’s interpretation of these agreements is an important part of understanding the relevant legal landscape on cyber security. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05AU6.046 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6344 August 5, 2015 
I am going to close by speaking 
about the question of effectiveness. I think we all understand that we are facing very real cyber threats. I am of the view that this bill in its present form would do little, if anything, to stop large, sophisticated cyber attacks like the Office of Personnel Manage-ment had. 
I don’t think Senators ought to just 
take my word for it. In April, 65 tech-nologists and cyber security profes-sionals expressed their opposition to the bill in a letter to Chairman B
URR 
and Vice Chairman F EINSTEIN . In refer-
ring to the bill and two similar bills, they wrote: 
We appreciate your interest in making our 
networks more secure, but the legislation proposed does not materially further that goal, and at the same time it puts our users’ privacy at risk. 
As they wrap up their letter, this 
group of technologists and cyber secu-rity professionals state: 
These bills weaken privacy law without 
promoting security. 
That has always been my concern. If 
we look back at our experiences, we have tried to write these new digital ground rules. Fortunately, we took a step in the right direction as it related to NSA rules. The challenge has always been the same. The people of our coun-try want to be safe and secure in their homes and in their businesses and in their communities, and they want their liberty. Ben Franklin said any-body who gives up their liberty to have security doesn’t deserve either. 
What troubled me and why I am glad 
that the Senate has stepped back from precipitous action where we would have just passed this bill without any amendments—we will have a chance in the fall to look at ways to address cyber security in a fashion that I think does respond to what our people want, and that is to show that security—in this case, cyber security—and liberty are not mutually exclusive. It is sen-sible policies worked out in a bipar-tisan way that will respond to the needs of this country in what is un-questionably a dangerous time. 
With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Virginia. 
ISLAMIC STATE  
Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, we are 
about to start our traditional August recess. Congress is in an interesting place because we not only get a re-cess—a vacation—as many Americans do, but we are legally required to take one. That is right. By an act of Con-gress, Congress is required, absent a separate agreement, to take a month off during August. I learned that just yesterday during a great presentation from one of our Senate Historians, Kate Scott. 
This mandated August adjournment 
is part of the Legislative Reorganiza-tion Act of 1970. The act provides that in odd-numbered years, the Houses ad-journ from the first Friday in August until the Tuesday after Labor Day. There is an exception: The mandated 
recess ‘‘shall not be applicable if on July 31 of such year a state of war ex-ists pursuant to a declaration of war by Congress.’’ Again, the mandated recess is not applicable if on July 31 of such year a state of war exists pursuant to a declaration of war by Congress. This provision makes basic sense, doesn’t it? Congress shouldn’t go out for a manda-tory 30-day vacation when the Nation is at war. It is not right that American troops should risk their lives overseas far from home while Congress takes a month off. The Congress that passed this bill in 1970 had an expectation about how serious war was and how Congress—the institution charged with declaring war—would treat such a seri-ous obligation. 
Well, we are about to go on a 1- 
month adjournment with the Nation at war. In fact, this Saturday, August 8, marks 1 year since President Obama initiated U.S. airstrikes against the Is-lamic State in northern Iraq. 
In the past year, more than 3,000 
members of the U.S. military have served in Operation Inherent Resolve— and thousands are there now—launch-ing more than 4,500 airstrikes, carrying out Special Forces operations, and as-sisting the Iraqi military, the Kurdish Peshmerga, and Syrians fighting the Islamic State. Virginians connected with the USS Roosevelt carrier group are stationed there right now. 
We have made major gains in north-
ern Iraq and, more recently, in north-ern Syria, but the threat posed by the Islamic State continues to spread in the region and beyond. The war has cost over $3.2 billion through mid- July—an average of $9.5 million a day— and seven American servicemembers have lost their lives serving in support of the mission. 
Recently we have heard that the ad-
ministration may be expanding the scope of the war to defend U.S.-trained Syrian fighters against attacks, includ-ing from the Assad regime. We are ex-panding our cooperation with Turkey in the region. We even hear rumors of a U.S.-Turkish humanitarian zone in northern Syria. Each of these steps is potentially significant and could lead to even more unforeseen expansions of the ongoing war. We have already had testimony by military leaders to sug-gest that the war will likely go on for years. 
But as the war expands and our 
troops risk their lives far from home and as we prepare to go on our tradi-tional 1-month recess, a tacit agree-ment to avoid debating this war per-sists in Washington. 
The President maintains that he can 
conduct this war without authorization from Congress. He waited more than 6 months after the war started to even send Congress a draft authorization of the mission. 
Congressional behavior has been even 
more unusual. Although vested with the sole power to declare war by article I of the Constitution, Congress has re-fused to meaningfully debate or vote 
on the war against the Islamic State. A Congress quick to criticize any Execu-tive action by the President has never-theless encouraged him to carry out an unauthorized war. As far as our allies, the Islamic State, or our troops know, Congress is indifferent to this war. 
I first introduced a resolution to 
force Congress to do its job and to de-bate this war in September of 2014. That led in December to an affirmative vote by the Senate Foreign Relations Committee to authorize the war with specific limitations. But the matter wasn’t taken up on the floor because the Senate was about to change to a new majority, and that party wanted to analyze the issue afresh. 
Six months then went by, and Sen-
ator J
EFFFLAKE and I introduced, fi-
nally, a bipartisan war resolution in June to prod the Senate to take its constitutional responsibility seriously after so many months of inaction. We wanted to show there is a bipartisan consensus against the Islamic State. The result: a few discussions in the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, but otherwise silence. 
One year of war against the Islamic 
State has transformed a President who was elected in part because of his early opposition to the Iraq War into an Ex-ecutive war President. It has stretched the 2001 Authorization for Use of Mili-tary Force that was passed to defeat the perpetrators of 9/11 far beyond its original meaning or intent. It has shown to all that neither the Congress nor the President feels obliged to fol-low the 1973 War Powers Resolution, which requires the President to cease any unilateral military action within 90 days unless Congress votes to ap-prove it. And it has demonstrated that Congress would rather avoid its con-stitutional duty to declare war than have a meaningful debate about wheth-er and how the United States should militarily confront the Islamic State. 
This 1-year anniversary also coin-
cides a few minutes ago with a vig-orous congressional effort to challenge U.S. diplomacy regarding the Iranian nuclear agreement. The contrast be-tween congressional indifference to war and its energetic challenge to di-plomacy is most disturbing. 
So, why isn’t Congress doing its job? 
Last month I asked Marine Com-
mandant Joseph Dunford, nominated to be the next Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, whether congressional action to finally authorize the war against the Islamic State would be well received by American troops. His an-swer said it all. ‘‘I think what our young men and women need—and it’s really all they need to do what we ask them to do—is a sense that what they’re doing has purpose, has mean-ing, and has the support of the Amer-ican people.’’ 
A debate in Congress by the people’s 
elected representatives and a vote to authorize the most solemn act of war is how we tell our troops that what they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05AU6.055 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6345 August 5, 2015 
are doing—what they are risking their 
lives for—‘‘has purpose, has meaning, and has the support of the American people.’’ Otherwise, we are asking them to risk their lives without even both-ering to discuss whether the mission is something we support. Can there be anything—anything—more immoral than that—to order troops to risk their lives in support of a military mission that we are unwilling even to discuss? 
One year in, our servicemembers are 
doing their jobs, but they are still waiting on us to do ours. And as I con-clude—oh, yeah, what about that Au-gust recess? How can we go away and adjourn for a month in the midst of an ongoing war? 
Why, that is easy. The part of the 
statute that creates an exception for the mandatory August adjournment applies only if there has been ‘‘a dec-laration of war by the Congress.’’ Be-cause we haven’t even bothered to de-bate or authorize this war in the year since it started, we are still entitled by statute to take the month of August off. 
I yield the floor. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Washington. 
ECONOMIC SECURITY FOR AMERICAN WORKERS  
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, in to-
day’s economy, too many of our work-ers across this country are underpaid, they are overworked, and they are treated unfairly on the job. In short, they lack fundamental economic secu-rity. 
In Congress, we have got to act to 
give our workers much needed relief. We need to grow our economy from the middle out, not the top down. And we should make sure our country works for all Americans, not just the wealthi-est few. There is no reason we can’t get to work on legislation to do just that. That is why I am here this afternoon, joining my colleagues in calling for us in the Senate to move on some impor-tant policies that will help restore eco-nomic security and stability to more of our workers. 
Mr. President, I understand that we 
are waiting for one of my Republican colleagues to come to the floor before I ask unanimous consent, so I will pause for just a minute. 
But I will say while we are waiting 
that we are very concerned about many Americans today who make few dollars an hour, who don’t have paid sick leave, who are told to go to work at hours that they cannot control or know about, and we are introducing legislation or asking to introduce leg-islation today to deal with all of those issues. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —S. 1150 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that at a time to be determined by the majority leader, following con-sultation with the Democratic leader and no later than Friday, October 30, the HELP Committee be discharged from further consideration of S. 1150, the Raise the Wage Act; that the Sen-ate proceed to its immediate consider-ation; that the bill be read a third 
time; that the Senate vote on passage of the bill, and the motion to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
The Senator from Texas. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, on be-
half of the chairman of the HELP Com-mittee, Senator A
LEXANDER , I object. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —S. 497 
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that at a time to be determined by the majority leader, fol-lowing consultation with the Demo-cratic leader, and no later than Friday, October 30, the HELP Committee be discharged from further consideration of S. 497, the Healthy Families Act; that the Senate proceed to its imme-diate consideration; that the bill be read a third time; that the Senate vote on passage of the bill, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
The Senator from Texas. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, on be-
half of the chairman of the HELP Com-mittee, Senator A
LEXANDER , I object. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
The Senator from Massachusetts. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT REQUEST —S. 1772 
Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that at a time to be determined by the majority leader, fol-lowing consultation with the Demo-cratic leader and no later than Friday, October 30, the HELP Committee be discharged from further consideration of S. 1772, the Schedules That Work Act; that the Senate proceed to its im-mediate consideration; that the bill be read a third time; that the Senate vote on passage of the bill, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
The Senator from Texas. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, on be-
half of the chairman of the HELP Com-mittee, Senator A
LEXANDER , I object. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-
tion is heard. 
The Senator from Washington. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, re-
claiming the floor, it is disappointing to us that the Republican majority has objected to bringing these bills forward and blocking our efforts to provide some much needed economic stability and security for our workers in this country. Our workers have been wait-ing a long time for relief from the trickle-down system that has hurt our middle class. 
This Senator wants to put the Senate 
on notice that the Democrats are going to keep working on ways to grow our economy from the middle out, not the 
top down, and we are going to be work-ing to make sure our workers and our families have a voice at the table. We are going to continue to focus on mak-ing sure our country works for all Americans, not just the wealthy and few. 
Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. 
G
ARDNER ). The Senator from Texas. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, the 
Senator from Washington knows how much I admire and respect her. We have had great opportunity to work to-gether in a very productive way, but what we have just seen from our friends across the aisle is not designed to actually get anything done. It was a show to try to claim political advan-tage and to try to create a narrative which simply isn’t borne out by the facts. 
The facts are that these costly pro-
posals are unfunded mandates designed to make it hard for Americans to find jobs or become employers and create jobs for millions of people working for a step up the economic ladder. What Americans need, rather than show votes, are more job opportunities, more flexibility at work, and the freedom to negotiate a schedule that works for them. 
Our friends across the aisle have been 
in charge and we have seen the results: an economy that grew last year at 2.2 percent—as a matter of fact, in at least one quarter it actually contracted. So we know what the fruit of these poli-cies are because they have had their chances. 
Their policies will destroy jobs, 
smother innovative startups in job cre-ators like Uber, and perpetuate the Obama part-time economy, which has left a shocking 6.5 million Americans in part-time work as they search in vain for full-time work—and, I might add, a 30-year low of the labor partici-pation rate—the percentage of people actually in the workforce that are em-ployed, people that would otherwise want to work. We have seen what the results are. 
The voters last November decided to 
try something different. They have given us a chance to show what we can do while we are in the majority, and I think the results are pretty good. We passed a budget for the first time since 2009. We passed a 6-year highway bill just recently, and we are still working with the House to try to figure out how to do that on a bicameral, bipartisan basis. We passed unanimously the Jus-tice for Victims of Trafficking Act to fight the scourge of human trafficking, which targets teenage girls predomi-nantly for sex. We have passed the De-fense authorization bill to make sure our men and women in uniform have the authority and what they need in order to keep us safe here and abroad. 
We actually have had a very produc-
tive year so far in the 114th Congress under Republican leadership. What our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05AU6.057 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6346 August 5, 2015 
Democratic colleagues want to do is 
take us to the past with slow economic growth and policies that simply don’t work. 
That is why I am happy to stand here 
today and object to these show re-quests that aren’t actually designed to do anything but are designed for fund-raising, press releases, and other pub-licity stunts that simply are not what is going to help the American people the most. 
TRIBUTE TO RUSS THOMASSON  
Mr. President, on another note, I 
want to talk a little bit about my chief of staff who is leaving. My chief of staff in the whip office is Russ Thomasson, who I hope is somewhere around here. He is at the back of the Chamber. His son Austin is down here as one of our pages. 
The bottom line is, Russ and I 
learned together from the time he came as my military legislative assist-ant in 2003. From that time until now, we learned how to be effective on be-half of the 27 million people I work for in the State of Texas and to work with all of our colleagues to try to produce positive results for the American peo-ple. 
He is leaving now for greener pas-
tures. I mean that not exactly lit-erally, but he is going into the private sector where he will no doubt be com-pensated for what his skills and experi-ence are worth. 
Back when I started in the Senate, 
Russ came on board as my military legislative assistant. He brought with him great experience as an Air Force intel officer. He is an engineer; I am not. It was helpful to bring with him the attention to detail that engineer-ing training brings. He is also a Rus-sian specialist, which we didn’t need a lot of in my office in Texas, but he brought great knowledge and experi-ence to the forefront, helping me in my job on the Armed Services Committee, given that great background. 
We had some big challenges in 2005 as 
all of our colleagues here at the time remember. That was the Base Closure and Realignment Commission. Texas likes to tout the fact that 1 out of every 10 persons in uniform comes from Texas. Our military is very important to us. I was raised in a military family. Being effective on behalf of our men and women in uniform who happen to call Texas home is particularly impor-tant to me, and Russ did a tremendous job there and elsewhere. 
As a matter of fact, he did such a 
good job as my MLA, my military leg-islative assistant, that when the oppor-tunity came, he was promoted to legis-lative director. There he got to apply his knowledge and expertise far beyond just national security and foreign af-fairs and helped me navigate all of the various policy issues we confronted during the time he was my legislative director from 2007 to 2012. 
Some of these are issues that par-
ticularly hit home in Texas, things like immigration, Supreme Court nomina-tions, and the ObamaCare debate. Not 
only did Russ bring valuable policy perspectives to that role as legislative director, but he was also able to help on the communications side because he understands it is not just important for us to do a decent job—or at least to the best of our ability—it is important to be able to communicate what you are doing in a way so the American people, and in particular the people of Texas, can understand. Yet he also understood the politics that go along sometimes with the job we have in the Senate. 
Perhaps just as importantly, he 
brought with him his good judgment to help me hire an outstanding legislative staff. I believe firmly that part of my responsibility—and I am sure the Pre-siding Officer and our other colleagues feel the same way. I believe one of the most important things we can do is hire the best and brightest staffers be-cause if we do that, and we work with them, we can benefit tremendously and our constituents benefit tremendously from their advice. 
Russ has set a high bar as my legisla-
tive director. He is a tireless worker who has given a lot of himself. 
Then I would like to say just a word 
about his job as my chief of staff—as the whip. When I became the whip, he came with me to the whip office. We have found ourselves in a few nail-bit-ing situations in tense moments, and Russ’s calmness and personality, his calm demeanor and his diligence have simply helped us get the job done for the Senate and for the new majority. 
Whether it is trafficking, trade, high-
ways, funding the government, a budg-et—the first budget that we have passed since 2009—his fingerprints are all over those, along with those of other members of my whip staff who have done a great job. As I learned from the majority leader, he wants to know where the votes are before the vote is actually cast. My whip team, both staff and my deputy whip team, of which the Presiding Officer is one, have done a great job providing that essen-tial information and knowledge to the majority leader so we can efficiently and effectively represent our constitu-ents in the Senate. 
By the way, I would say that Russ’s 
intelligence background has proven to be invaluable—gathering information, talking to people, and understanding the situational awareness that is so necessary in order to be as effective as we can be. The results prove he has made a big contribution to helping us turn the Senate around, going from dysfunction to function and actually producing important results for the American people. 
So here is how Russ describes the 
task ahead in the Senate. He likes to talk about the four P’s. This is sup-posedly the key to what makes the Senate work and how to be effective in the Senate. The first P is policy. The second is pressure. The third is poli-tics. The fourth is power. So I think by his four P’s, he encapsulates one of the ways to be most effective in the Sen-
ate. 
I guess, in the end, everything comes 
down to people and our relationships, the level of trust we are able to build working with each other because that is what helps us be effective and helps Russ be an effective chief of staff in the whip office. The truth is, as I have gone from No. 99 in the Senate when I came here, sitting in that back row over there, down to this desk over the last 12 years, I could not have done it with-out great staff like Russ Thomasson and all of my staff, both in the whip of-fice as well as my staff in my official office. Many of them I know are here sitting in the back. 
So on behalf of all of Team Cornyn, I 
want to wish Russ, his wife Cindy, Sasha, and Austin all the very best in the next chapter of their lives. We used to kid that it is sort of like the Eagles song ‘‘Hotel California,’’ you can check out, but you can never leave, once you become part of Team Cornyn. That is as true today as it was then. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Maine. 
NUCLEAR AGREEMENT WITH IRAN  
Mr. KING. Mr. President, I have 
never faced a more difficult decision than the vote on the Iran nuclear weapons agreement which is currently scheduled for mid-September. The stakes could not be higher, the issues more complex or the risks more dif-ficult to calculate. In approaching this decision, I have taken a two-pronged path. The first is to have learned ev-erything I possibly could about the agreement itself and then carefully analyzed the alternatives. 
This second step is critically impor-
tant, particularly in this case. No ne-gotiated agreement is perfect. It is easy to pick apart whatever agreement is before you, but the question is, Com-pared to what? Often, an imperfect agreement is preferable when compared to the likely alternatives. Starting with a close reading of the agreement over several nights and early mornings back in July, and following hearings, classified briefings and sessions, meet-ing with experts inside and outside the administration, extensive readings about the agreement and its implica-tions and discussions with my col-leagues, this is where I have come out: First, if implemented effectively, I be-lieve this agreement will prevent Iran from achieving a nuclear weapon for at least 15 years and probably longer; sec-ond, at the end of that 15 years, if we take the right steps, we will have the same options then that we have today if Iran moves toward the building of a bomb; third, the current alternatives, if this agreement is rejected, are either unrealistic or downright dangerous. 
So based upon what we know now, I 
intend to vote in favor of the agree-ment. This is why: The deal itself, I be-lieve, is strong and explicit in terms of the burdens it places upon Iran’s nu-clear program for the first 15 years—a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05AU6.059 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6347 August 5, 2015 
98-percent reduction in their current 
stockpile of enriched uranium, strict numerical limits on further enrich-ment, the effective dismantling of the plutonium reactor at Arak, and dis-mantlement of two-thirds of their cur-rent fleet of enrichment centrifuges. 
But many argue that after 15 years, 
Iran could become a nuclear threshold state, which is certainly a possibility we need to be prepared to address, but Iran is a nuclear threshold state today. To be arguing about what may or may not be the case in 15 years and ignore the fact that they are a nuclear thresh-old state today, it seems to me, is the height of folly. If they decided to build a bomb today, they could get there in 2 to 3 months. After the rollbacks re-quired in this agreement, however, this period is extended to at least 1 year, and we would know almost imme-diately if they were on track to a bomb. 
I might mention that we will have a 
much greater insight into their activi-ties if this agreement is enacted than we do today. The inspection and verifi-cation provisions, as I mentioned, which will be monitored and enforced by the International Atomic Energy Agency, coupled with the tools and ca-pabilities of the U.S. intelligence com-munity and those of our international partners which, by the way, is an im-portant part of the verification regime. 
There is a lot of discussion about the 
IAEA, as if those are the only people who will be watching, but indeed the intelligence agencies of at least half a dozen countries will also be watching. I believe the combination of the IAEA and our intelligence assets provide us with a high level of confidence that any attempt by Iran to cheat on its en-richment program will be detected. 
IAEA inspections at known nuclear 
sites indeed are anytime, anywhere, and include Iran’s entire uranium sup-ply chain. While it is true that inspec-tions at hidden sites—sites we don’t know about—could be delayed for up to 24 days from when the IAEA requests access and that some covert work at such a site could be harder to detect, it is in the nature of uranium that traces can be detected long after 24 days, no matter how much they try to clean it up. 
The half-life of uranium-235 is 700 
million years. They are not going to be able to clean it up in 24 days. In the end, to build a bomb, there has to be nuclear material. But what about after 15 years when most of the restrictions on enrichment are lifted? If the Ira-nians try to break out at that point, we have the some options we have today, including the reimposition of sanctions or a military strike. 
In other words, we are in a similar 
place in 15 years to where we are now, but we will have achieved 15 years of a nuclear weapon-free Iran. If Iran vio-lates the terms of the agreement at that point, I believe reimposing the ef-fective international sanctions involv-ing the rest of the world would be stronger and more likely than it would 
be today because it would be Iran breaching the agreement, not us walk-ing away from it. I cannot argue, nor can anyone, that this deal is perfect. For example, I would prefer that the 15-year limits be 20 or 25 or 30 years or that the U.S. arms embargo would re-main in place indefinitely. I would pre-fer to see that in the agreement. 
In fact, I think Congress can and 
should have a role to play in seeking to ensure the strict enforcement of the agreement and to mitigate some of its weaknesses, as well as reassuring our regional allies and partners and further strengthening our ability to ensure Iran never becomes a nuclear weapons state, but then we get to the central 
question. As I said, it is easy to pick apart a deal: I don’t like this aspect. I don’t like that. I think it should be longer. I think it should be shorter. 
But the question is, Compared to 
what? What are the alternatives? What happens next if we reject this agree-ment? The usual answers I have heard in this body, in hearings, and in meet-ings over the last month or so are sort of vague references to reimposing or strengthening the sanctions, bringing Iran back to the table, and getting a better deal. 
The problem with this is that the 
countries which have joined us in the sanctions—and by doing so have con-siderably strengthened the impact of those sanctions on Iran—believe this deal is acceptable. They have accepted it. Our unilateral rejection would al-most certainly lead to those sanctions eroding rather than getting stronger. I would not argue they will collapse, but they will definitely erode. It is hard to argue that the sanctions will get stronger when the countries that have helped us to enforce and make those sanctions effective believe we should endorse and enter into this agreement. 
If that happens, we have the worst of 
all worlds: Iran is unfettered from the terms of the agreement, and they are subject to a weaker sanctions regime. It is important to remember, and this often is not conveyed much in the in-formation that is shared, this is not simply an agreement between the United States and Iran, this is an agreement between the United States and Germany and Great Britain and France and China and Russia and Iran. This is not a unilateral agreement. This is an agreement that has been en-tered into by the major world powers. They have found it acceptable. 
The other option, if we cannot some-
how find our way to a better deal—and I have not heard anybody credibly argue why or how that would happen. The only other option, of course, is a military strike, which the experts esti-mate would only set the Iranian nu-clear program back between 2 and 3 years. Where are we then? Are we in a position where there would have to be follow-on strikes to prevent the recon-stitution of Iran’s nuclear facilities every 2 or 3 years? That would be at an unpredictable and incalculable cost. It is true that as a result of Iran’s ac-
ceptance of the limitations of the agreement, they get relief from the nu-clear sanctions and the release of ap-proximately $50 billion of restricted foreign assets that they will be able to spend, but it is important to remember they only get that after they comply with the limitations. If we sign on to this agreement, they don’t get the money the next day. They have to meet the limitations in the agreement and the IAEA has to verify that. Let me repeat. There is no sanctions relief until Iran implements and the IAEA verifies that its nuclear commitments have been met. To get that relief is why they entered into these negotia-tions in the first place. And to get them into the negotiations is why we led the imposition of the nuclear weap-ons sanctions in the first place. 
In other words, sanctions relief in ex-
change for acceptance of limitations on their nuclear program is the essence of the deal. Neither the sanctions nor the negotiations were ever about Iran foreswearing terrorism or recognizing Israel or releasing hostages. All of those things are things I wish we could do. I believe those are good policies, but that isn’t what this negotiation was about. To try to add them now or argue that the deal falls short because they aren’t included is simply unreal-istic. 
The United States, along with our al-
lies and partners, must redouble our ef-forts outside of the nuclear agreement to address these issues. They are criti-cally important issues. We need a strategy to deal with an expansionist Iran that is completely separate from the nuclear issue—I don’t deny that— and to deal with Iran’s malign activi-ties in the region. It is also important to reiterate that all U.S. sanctions on Iran related to terrorism and human rights will remain in place. 
When President Kennedy was negoti-
ating the removal of the Soviet mis-siles from Cuba, he did not throw in that Cuba had to depose Castro or that the Soviets had to foreswear their dan-gerous enmity to the West. The phrase they used was this: ‘‘We will bury you.’’ 
He simply wanted to get those mis-
siles out. He didn’t try to settle all the issues in the Cold War. And, indeed, so it is with this deal. The idea is to con-strain. The idea has always been to constrain Iran’s nuclear capability, not settle all the issues of the Middle East—no matter how desirable that might be. 
In my book there is only one thing 
worse than a rogue Iran seeking to make trouble for its neighbors and us, and that is a rogue Iran seeking to make troubles for its neighbors and us armed with nuclear weapons. That is the issue before is. 
Finally, of equal importance as the 
terms themselves of the nuclear agree-ment is ensuring that it is effectively implemented. One of the principles of my life is that implementation and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05AU6.061 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6348 August 5, 2015 
execution are as important as vision. If 
this agreement is approved, that is day 1 of the critical implementation and execution period. There is a real risk, I believe, that as time wears on, the at-tention of the international commu-nity on this issue will diminish. It will be vital to the United States, across successive Presidents, to maintain focus on implementing and enforcing the terms of the agreement. 
Congress also will have a crucial role 
to play, both in oversight of the deal’s implementation and in making certain that the IAEA and our intelligence agencies have the resources they need to monitor and assure compliance, and more broadly to ensure that all of our options to prevent Iran from devel-oping a nuclear weapon—whenever they may decide to take that step—re-main viable if the agreement collapses. 
I have negotiated lots of contracts 
over the years, and one side or the other rarely wins in a negotiation. The idea is that all sides get something they want or need, and, in the end, I believe that is what happened here. If this deal is implemented properly, I be-lieve it will accomplish our national security objectives, while preserving or improving all of our existing options to ensure that Iran never develops a nu-clear weapon. 
There is no certainty when it comes 
to this question. As I said at the begin-ning, I believe this is the most difficult decision I have ever had to make. There are risks in either direction, and there are credible arguments on both sides. But, in the end, I have concluded that the terms of this agreement are preferable to the alternatives—and that is the crucial analysis; what are the alternatives—and that it would be in the best interests of the United States to join our partners in approv-ing it. 
I intend to remain deeply engaged in 
this issue in the weeks and months ahead because the process does not end the day of our vote. If this agreement moves forward, it will fall to future Presidents and future Congresses to oversee it and make it work. We owe the American people our best judg-ment, and it is my belief that this agreement, if implemented effectively and in conjunction with the other measures we must take to ensure its ongoing vitality, will serve our Nation, the region, and the world. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Arizona. 
Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I wish to 
say a few words about the deal nego-tiated between the P5+1 and Iran to deny Iran’s access to a nuclear weapon. 
First, I commend the administration 
and others involved in the negotiations for seeking a diplomatic solution. There always needs to be a credible threat of military force to deny Iran a nuclear weapon, but it is incumbent upon us to test every avenue for a peaceful solution before resorting to such force. I am mindful that—like any agree-
ment involving multiple parties that are friendly, belligerent, and some-where in between—this agreement can’t be used against the ideal. It has to be judged against the alternative. On the whole, this agreement measured against the ideal doesn’t look all that good. Against the alternative, it is a much closer call. 
I must say that I am not as sanguine 
as some of my colleagues about the ability to reassemble the multilateral sanctions regime that has brought Iran to the negotiating table. 
On the nuclear side, Iran’s ability to 
amass sufficient fissile material to as-semble a nuclear weapon would be se-verely curtailed for up to 15 years. The inspections regime to ensure compli-ance, at least as it pertains to known nuclear facilities, is fairly detailed. That is no small achievement. Much credit is due to the scientists and oth-ers who assisted with the negotiations. 
On the other hand, I have grave con-
cerns regarding our ability—and if not our ability, our willingness—to respond to nefarious nonnuclear activities that Iran may be involved with in the re-gion. 
We are assured by the administration 
that under the JCPOA, Congress re-tains all tools, including the imposi-tion of sanctions, should Iran involve itself in terrorist activity in the re-gion. However, the plain text of the JCPOA does not seem to indicate this. In fact, it seems to indicate otherwise. Iran has made it clear that it believes that the imposition of sanctions simi-lar to or approximating those cur-rently in place would violate the JCPOA. 
My concern is that the administra-
tion would be reluctant to punish or deter the unacceptable nonnuclear be-havior by Iran in the region if it would give Iran the pretext not to comply with the agreement as it stands. I don’t believe this is an idle concern. The de-gree to which the administration has resisted even the suggestion that Con-gress reauthorize the Iran Sanctions Act, for example, which expires next year, just so that we might have sanc-tions to snap back, makes us question our willingness to confront Iran when it really matters down the road. 
Now, if this were a treaty, that could 
be dealt with with what are called RUDs—or reservations, understandings and declarations—where we could clar-ify some of these misunderstandings. But since this was presented to Con-gress as an Executive agreement, we don’t have that option. 
We have had numerous hearings and 
briefings in the Senate Foreign Rela-tions Committee. I commend Senator C
ORKER , the chairman of the com-
mittee, and the minority ranking member, Senator C
ARDIN , for the man-
ner in which they have engaged in these hearings and briefings. 
We have had a lot of questions raised. 
Some have been answered; some have not. These hearings will continue. I will leave from this Chamber to go to 
another briefing that we are having. I expect to hear more in the coming weeks and will seek to answer ques-tions that I still have about the agree-ment. The bottom line is I can only support an agreement that I feel can endure—not just be signed but that can endure—and that will serve our na-tional interests and the interests of our allies. 
Again, I commend those who have 
been involved in this process. I com-mend those involved in ensuring that Congress had a say here. I will con-tinue to evaluate this agreement based, as I said, not on the ideal but the alter-native. There are many questions I wish to have answered. 
I encourage the administration to 
work with Congress in the coming weeks on legislation that would clarify some of these misunderstandings. It would take the place of so-called RUDs if this were a treaty. 
I have mentioned before that this 
kind of legislation is going to come. It will come prior to implementation day, and I think it behooves the administra-tion and the Congress to begin now to work together on items that we can agree on that clarify this, assuming that this agreement will go into effect. It ought to be clarified now and not down the road. That would make it far more likely to be an enduring docu-ment rather than one that is simply signed and forgotten later. 
With that, I yield the floor. Mr. President, I suggest the absence 
of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
proceeded to call the roll. 
Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The Senator from Utah. 
f 
RECESS 
Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I ask unani-
mous consent that the Senate stand in recess until 6:15 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 5:05 p.m., 
recessed until 6:15 p.m., and reassem-bled when called to order by the Pre-siding Officer (Mr. T
ILLIS ). 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio. 
f 
DRINKING WATER PROTECTION 
ACT 
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I 
come to the floor once again to make an attempt at passing a very impor-tant, commonsense piece of legislation that is bipartisan. It helps to ensure that the drinking water supplies in northern Ohio, Lake Erie, and through-out our State, the freshwater res-ervoirs and other lakes that are pro-viding water—and also around the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05AU6.066 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6349 August 5, 2015 
country—to make sure that will be 
something the U.S. Federal Govern-ment is helping with as much as pos-sible through new legislation to get the EPA more involved. 
I bring this legislation to the floor 
for the third time in the last several days to try to pass it. I do so with the hopes that we can get this done to-night. 
I thank my colleague from Ohio, 
S
HERROD BROWN , who has been cospon-
soring and supporting this effort. I thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for working with us. We have been working for several weeks to get this cleared. Most recently, we had an issue with regard to legislation the Democrats wanted to add to it. I think we have now resolved those issues. I thank Robert Duncan of the floor staff for working so closely with us on this. I thank my colleague from Rhode Is-land, Senator W
HITEHOUSE , for working 
with us. This is legislation which is both important and urgent. 
This week marks the 1-year anniver-
sary since the water supplies in Toledo, OH, had to be cut off because there were toxic algal blooms in the lake that were going into the water intake system. There were 500,000 people who were told they couldn’t drink the water. It was a crisis. I was there. I was given bottled water along with others. 
Unfortunately, this year we are see-
ing toxic algal blooms growing again. We are seeing it not just near the water intake valve for the city of To-ledo but also near other water intake valves where 3 million Ohioans get their drinking water, from Lake Erie. By the way, about 8 million people from other States get water from Lake Erie, including Michigan and other States represented here in this Cham-ber. 
I am also very concerned by the fact 
that we have other reservoirs in Ohio that are seeing increased levels of toxic algal blooms. This includes Grand Lakes St. Marys, Buckeye Lake, and it includes the reservoirs in Columbus. 
It is time to ensure that we are doing 
everything we possibly can at the local, State, and Federal level to en-sure that we can deal with this issue and that it can be resolved. 
Finally, I will say this is not just 
about drinking water; it is also about the recreational value of these water-ways, including Lake Erie, which is an incredibly important economic asset for the State of Ohio, our No. 1 destina-tion for tourism. Having been on the lake a couple of weeks ago fishing, I will tell you that toxic algal blooms make a huge difference and create a real problem for the recreational value of fishing but also people being able to use the beaches, people being con-cerned about having their pets in the water, and people being concerned that their kids may not be safe even being close to these bodies of water. 
We passed legislation previously to 
help get the Federal Government more involved. About a year ago, we passed legislation to get EPA but also 
NOAA—the National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration—USGS, and other Federal entities more involved and engaged and working together bet-ter. 
We also passed legislation to try to 
help with regard to getting EPA to give us what the standards ought to be in terms of the drinking water. 
Now it is time to pass this legislation 
that requires the EPA to put out a re-port on how to mitigate the problem and how to encourage the local com-munity and incentivize the local com-munity to do more in terms of ensuring that the intake valves are in the right place, ensuring that the treatment is done properly, and provide the good science and the best practices that only the EPA can provide to be able to help with regard to the very serious problem we face on Lake Erie and throughout the State of Ohio. 
With that, I ask unanimous consent 
that the Senate now proceed to H.R. 212, which is at the desk, and that the bill be read a third time and the Senate vote on passage of the bill with no in-tervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 212) to amend the Safe Drink-
ing Water Act to provide for the assessment and management of the risk of algal toxins in drinking water, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
The bill was ordered to a third read-
ing, and was read the third time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there 
is no further debate, the bill having been read the third time, the question is, shall the bill pass? 
The bill (H.R. 212) was passed. Mr. PORTMAN. I ask unanimous 
consent that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The Senator from Rhode Island. 
f 
AMENDING THE FEDERAL WATER 
POLLUTION CONTROL ACT TO REAUTHORIZE THE NATIONAL ESTUARY PROGRAM 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Envi-ronment Public Works Committee be discharged from further consideration of S. 1523, the National Estuary Pro-gram, and the Senate proceed to its im-mediate consideration. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1523) to amend the Federal Water 
Pollution Control Act to reauthorize the Na-tional Estuary Program, and for other pur-poses. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I 
further ask unanimous consent that the Whitehouse amendment, which is at the desk, be agreed to; the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed; and that the motion to recon-sider be made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 2639) was agreed 
to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To modify the authorization of 
appropriations) 
On page 3, line 17, strike ‘‘$27,000,000’’ and 
insert ‘‘$26,000,000’’. 
The bill (S. 1523), as amended, was or-
dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 1523 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. NATIONAL ESTUARY PROGRAM RE-
AUTHORIZATION; COMPETITIVE AWARDS. 
Section 320 of the Federal Water Pollution 
Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1330) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (g), by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(4) C OMPETITIVE AWARDS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Using the amounts 
made available under subsection (i)(2)(B), the Administrator shall make competitive awards under this paragraph. 
‘‘(B) A
PPLICATION FOR AWARDS .—The Ad-
ministrator shall solicit applications for awards under this paragraph from State, interstate, and regional water pollution con-trol agencies and entities, State coastal zone management agencies, interstate agencies, other public or nonprofit private agencies, institutions, organizations, and individuals. 
‘‘(C) S
ELECTION OF RECIPIENTS .—The Ad-
ministrator shall select award recipients under this paragraph that, as determined by the Administrator, are best able to address urgent and challenging issues that threaten the ecological and economic well-being of coastal areas, including— 
‘‘(i) extensive seagrass habitat losses re-
sulting in significant impacts on fisheries and water quality; 
‘‘(ii) recurring harmful algae blooms; ‘‘(iii) unusual marine mammal mortalities; ‘‘(iv) invasive exotic species that may 
threaten wastewater systems and cause other damage; 
‘‘(v) jellyfish proliferation limiting com-
munity access to water during peak tourism seasons; 
‘‘(vi) flooding that may be related to sea 
level rise or wetland degradation or loss; and 
‘‘(vii) low dissolved oxygen conditions in 
estuarine waters and related nutrient man-agement.’’; and 
(2) by striking subsection (i) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(i) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—There is authorized to be 
appropriated to the Administrator $26,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 for— 
‘‘(A) making grants and awards under sub-
section (g); and 
‘‘(B) expenses relating to the administra-
tion of grants or awards by the Adminis-trator under this section, including the award and oversight of grants and awards, subject to the condition that such expenses may not exceed 5 percent of the amount ap-propriated under this subsection for a fiscal year. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:37 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05AU6.114 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6350 August 5, 2015 
‘‘(2) A LLOCATIONS .— 
‘‘(A) C ONSERVATION AND MANAGEMENT  
PLANS .—Not less than 80 percent of the 
amount made available under this sub-section for a fiscal year shall be used by the Administrator for the development, imple-mentation, and monitoring of each conserva-tion and management plan eligible for grant assistance under subsection (g)(2). 
‘‘(B) C
OMPETITIVE AWARDS .—Not less than 
15 percent of the amount made available under this subsection for a fiscal year shall be used by the Administrator for making competitive awards under subsection (g)(4).’’. 
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I 
thank the Senator from Ohio for the way we have worked together. There was a slight toll to be paid on the ma-jority side for getting the National Es-tuary Program passed, but it was one we could live with, and I think these are both good pieces of legislation. I am glad we were able to pass them to-gether. 
If I could just briefly read from an 
editorial that was recently published 
by the Westerly Sun. Westerly is one of Rhode Island’s cities. The area that Westerly is in is called South County, RI. There is a South County coastkeeper whose name is David Pres-cott, and he went out in a boat that be-longs to an environmental group in Rhode Island called Save the Bay. He took some press folk down the Pawcatuck River with elected leaders from both Rhode Island and Con-necticut. 
I will read from the editorial: 
Prescott shared a jarful of smelly green 
algae from the bottom of Little Narragan-sett Bay to illustrate how lawn fertilizer, en-gine oil and all manner of interesting items flushed down storm drains end up below the surface of what appears to be a bucolic set-ting around Watch Hill, Napatree Point and Sandy Point. 
‘‘If we went further up the watershed, we 
would actually see stuff that came right off the land, down the stormwater outfalls,’’ Prescott said. ‘‘This is the stuff that we know is in our developed areas. We see stuff such as oil and gas and grease and sand and trash and dog waste, and guess where it ends up? Eventually, it ends up here in the Pawcatuck River estuary and into Little Narragansett Bay.’’ 
Based on his eight-year study of the river 
and bay area using water sampling, Prescott urged leaders from both states to heed Save the Bay’s ‘‘call to action,’’ which would re-quire developing stormwater management plans to better filter runoff, ensuring septic systems are regularly tested, encouraging homeowners to reduce or eliminate use of lawn fertilizers and pesticides, and enforcing ‘‘no-discharge’’ laws. 
The newspaper concluded: 
The Wood-Pawcatuck watershed, from 
Worden’s Pond in South Kingstown to Watch Hill, filters the water in our aquifers and provides a quality of life many envy. We need to protect all aspects of our watershed and treat the Pawcatuck River and Little Narragansett Bay with more respect than has been shown over the decades. 
I thank the Westerly Sun for those 
thoughts. I think they are very helpful. I am glad to have the chance to put them here into the record on the Sen-ate floor. 
The reason I read this is because the 
work of doing that upland planning that allows an estuary to be clean for 
swimming, fishing, boating, and all of the things that Rhode Islanders and our summer visitors enjoy, is through this National Estuary Program. It shows the common link of the algae problem David Prescott referred to with the algae problem Senator P
ORTMAN has seen in Ohio. 
I thank D AVID VITTER , the Senator 
from Louisiana, for his cosponsorship of this and for his work to get this through the Environment and Public Works Committee with me. I also thank S
HERROD BROWN for cospon-
soring this legislation. 
If I am not mistaken, there is the Old 
Woman Creek National Estuarine Re-search Reserve in Ohio, and this will help support the work of the Old Woman Creek National Estuarine Re-serve. This is in Huron, OH, on the south-central shore of Lake Erie. It is one of Ohio’s few remaining examples of a natural estuary that transitions between land and water, with a variety of habitats, from marshes and swamps, to upland forests, open water, tribu-tary streams, barrier beach, and near shores of Lake Erie. 
I am pleased both of these measures 
have been able to proceed. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Ohio. 
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I 
would like to thank my colleague from Rhode Island. I was in support of his legislation. I am glad we got both bills done, and I appreciate the fact that my colleagues on both sides of the aisle re-alize the urgency of dealing with this blue-green algae issue, which in many cases has become a toxic algal bloom that affects our drinking water, affects recreation, and affects fishing, and it is a significant issue in my State and oth-ers. 
f 
CYBERSECURITY INFORMATION 
SHARING ACT OF 2015—MOTION TO PROCEED—Continued 
TAX CODE REFORM  
Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, if I 
could, I want to report on something that happened this week. I see that the chair of the Finance Committee, Sen-ator H
ATCH , is here, and he is aware of 
this. This week we had a bipartisan hearing of the Permanent Sub-committee on Investigations on an issue that is also urgent. It is one that is imminent because right now many U.S. companies are leaving our shores. This means that jobs and investments are leaving America and going to other countries. It is something all of us should be concerned about because it is rapidly accelerating. It is because of one simple reason: Washington, DC, re-fuses to reform our outdated and anti-quated Tax Code. It is Washington’s fault. Unfortunately, the brunt of it is being borne by workers across our country. 
I would like to put into the R
ECORD  
my statement with regard to this hear-ing. It was a hearing where we were 
able to hear directly from companies about the impact of the Tax Code. We were able to bring in companies that have left the United States, requiring them to determine why they left. Un-fortunately, it was eye-opening to the point that it requires us to deal with our broken Tax Code if we are going to retain jobs in this country, keep in-vestment in this country, and be able to attract more jobs and investment to deal with our historically weak recov-ery in which we currently find our-selves. 
Mr. President, I wish to address an 
issue that is critical to unleashing job creation and boosting wages in this country—and that is the need to re-form our broken, outdated tax code. 
This Congress, I took on a new role 
as chairman of the Senate’s main in-vestigative panel, the Permanent Sub-committee on Investigations, PSI, where I serve alongside my colleague Senator C
LAIRE MCCASKILL , the sub-
committee’s ranking member. Last week, PSI held a hearing specifically concerning how the U.S. tax code af-fects the market for corporate control. It is a topic that involves the jargon of corporate finance, but the impact is measured in U.S. jobs and wages. We see headlines every week about the loss of American business headquarters— more often than not, to a country with a more competitive corporate tax rate, it is not hard to find one, and terri-torial system of taxation. 
Our tax code makes it hard to be an 
American company, and it puts U.S. workers at a disadvantage. At a 39 per-cent combined State and Federal rate, the United States has the highest cor-porate rate in the industrialized world. To add insult to injury our government taxes American businesses for the privilege of reinvesting their overseas profits here at home. 
Economists tell us that the burden of 
corporate taxes falls principally on workers—in the former of lower wages and fewer job opportunities. I am afraid this has helped create a middle- class squeeze that has made it harder for working families to make ends meet. Yet as almost all of our competi-tors have cut their corporate rates and eliminated repatriation taxes, America has failed to reform its outdated, com-plex tax code. 
As a result, American businesses are 
headed for the exits, at a loss of thou-sands of jobs. The unfortunate reality is that U.S. businesses are often much more valuable in the hands of foreign acquirers who can reduce their tax bills. I believe that is one reason why the value of foreign takeovers of U.S. companies doubled last year to $275 bil-lion, and are on track to surpass $400 billion this year according to Dealogic, far outpacing the increase in overall global mergers and acquisitions. 
We should be very clear that foreign 
investment in the United States is es-sential to economic growth—we need more of it. But a tax code that distorts 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:37 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05AU6.069 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6351 August 5, 2015 
ownership decisions by handicapping 
U.S. business is not good for our econ-omy—and that is what we have today. What is happening is that the current tax system increasingly drives U.S. businesses into the hands of those best able to reduce their tax liabilities, not necessarily those best equipped to cre-ate jobs and increase wages here at home. That is bad for American work-ers and bad for our long-term competi-tiveness as a country. 
To better understand the trend and 
inform legislative debate on tax re-form, PSI decided to take a hard look at this issue. Over the past couple months, the subcommittee reviewed more than a dozen recent major foreign acquisitions of U.S. companies and mergers in which U.S. firms relocated overseas. This was a bipartisan project every step of the way with Senator M
CCASKILL , and I am very grateful for 
that. 
Last week’s hearing was the culmina-
tion of that work. And we heard di-rectly from both U.S. companies that have felt the tax-driven pressures to move offshore and from foreign cor-porations whose tax advantages have turbocharged their growth by acquisi-tion. 
Among the U.S. business leaders we 
heard from was Jim Koch, the founder and chairman of Boston Beer Company, maker of Sam Adams. At a U.S. mar-ket share between 1 percent to 2 per-cent each, Sam Adams and Pennsyl-vania-based Yuengling are actually the first and second largest U.S.-based brewers left. All of the great American beer companies—Miller, Coors, and An-heuser-Busch—are now foreign-owned. And Mr. Koch testified that if we fail to reform our tax code, his company could be next. 
He explained that he regularly gets 
offers from investment bankers to fa-cilitate a sale, at double-digit pre-miums, to a foreign acquirer who can dramatically reduce his tax bill from the 39 percent rate his company now pays. Mr. Koch said he can decline those attractive offers because he owns a majority of his company’s voting shares. But when he is gone, he be-lieves that company will be driven by financial pressure to sell. 
We also heard from the longtime CEO 
of the pharmaceutical company Allergan, David Pyott. Allergan was purchased by the Irish acquirer Actavis last year for $70 billion after a year- long takeover pursuit by Canadian business, Valeant Pharmaceuticals. Mr. Pyott estimated that foreign acquirers pursuing Allergan had about a $9 billion valuation advantage over what would have been possible for an American company, ‘‘simply because they could reduce Allergan’s tax bill and gain access to its more than $2.5 billion in locked-out overseas earn-ings.’’ Mr. Pyott testified that Allergan would be an independent American company today if it weren’t for our tax code. Instead, Allergan is now headquartered in Ireland and Mr. Pyott projects that the new ownership 
will cut about 1,500 jobs, mostly in California. 
To better understand the tax-driven 
advantages enjoyed by foreign acquirers, PSI took a look at Quebec- based Valeant Pharmaceuticals. Over the past 4 years, Valeant has managed to acquire more than a dozen U.S. com-panies worth more than $30 billion. The subcommittee reviewed key documents to understand how tax advantages af-fected Valeant’s three largest acquisi-tions to date, including the 2013 sale of New York-based eye care firm Bausch & Lomb and the 2015 sale of the North Carolina-based drug maker Salix. 
We learned that, in those two trans-
actions alone, Valeant determined that it could shave more than $3 billion off the target companies’ tax bills by inte-grating them into its Canada-based corporate group. Those tax savings meant that Valeant’s investments in its American targets would have higher returns and pay for themselves more quickly—two key drivers of the deals. The three recent Valeant acquisitions we studied resulted in a loss of about 2,300 U.S. jobs, plus a loss of about $16 million per year of contract manufac-turing that was moved from the U.S. to Canada and the UK. 
Beyond inbound acquisitions, Amer-
ica is also losing corporate head-quarters through mergers in which U.S. businesses relocate overseas. The latest news is the U.S. agricultural business Monsanto’s proposed $45 bil-lion merger with its European counter-part Syngenta; a key part of that pro-posed deal is a new global corporate headquarters—not in the U.S., but in London. 
To better understand this trend, the 
subcommittee examined the 2014 merg-er of Burger King with the Canadian coffee-and-donut chain Tim Hortons— an $11.4 billion tie-up that sent Burger King’s corporate headquarters north of the border. Our review showed that Burger King had strong business rea-sons to team up with Tim Hortons. But the record shows that when deciding where to locate the new headquarters of the combined company, tax consid-erations flatly ruled out the U.S. And it wasn’t about the domestic tax rates—it was about international tax-ation. 
At the time, Burger King estimated 
that pulling Tim Hortons into the worldwide U.S. tax net, rather than re-locating to Canada, would destroy up to $5.5 billion in value over just 5 years—$5.5 billion in an $11 billion deal. Think about that. The company con-cluded it was necessary to put the headquarters in a country that would allow it to reinvest overseas earnings back in the U.S. and Canada without an additional tax hit. They ultimately chose Tim Hortons’ home base of Can-ada because their territorial system of taxation allowed them to do just that. 
If there is a villain in these stories, it 
is the U.S. tax code. And if there is a failure, it is Washington’s. Our job is to give our workers the best shot at com-
peting in the global marketplace and yet we haven’t reformed the tax code in decades while other countries have. 
That fact is that if Washington fails 
to reform our tax code, foreign acquirers will do it for us—one Amer-ican company at a time. And rather than more jobs and higher wages, we will continue to see a loss of U.S.- headquartered businesses and jobs. 
With the deck stacked against Amer-
ican companies, I believe the solution is clear. We need a full overhaul of our current tax code. Cut both the indi-vidual and corporate rates to 25 per-cent, pay for the cuts by eliminating loopholes, and move to a competitive international system. Unfortunately, in our current political environment, that is simply not possible to do imme-diately. However, I do believe that we can take a positive first step towards reform this fall. 
A big part of that first step is in-
cluded in a bipartisan framework for international tax reform that Senator S
CHUMER and I released last month. 
That includes 1) a move to an inter-national tax system that doesn’t pro-vide disincentives for companies to bring their money home from overseas to invest in growing their business and hiring more workers; 2) a patent box to keep highly mobile intellectual prop-erty and the high-paying jobs that go with developing that property in the U.S.; and 3) sensible base erosion pro-tections that discourage companies from doing business in tax haven juris-dictions. 
I believe it should also include a tax 
extenders package that makes a lot of our current tax extenders permanent. I think that we can all agree that tem-porary tax policy is bad tax policy— and whether it is giving families cer-tainty that there is going to be a mort-gage insurance premium deduction, small businesses certainty that there is going to be expanded section 179 ex-pensing, or innovative companies as-surances that there is going to be an R&D credit, I believe that making these policies permanent would provide a big boost to our economy. 
In fact, yesterday, the Joint Com-
mittee on Taxation found that the short-term extenders package passed by the Senate Finance Committee last month would create $10.4 billion in dy-namic tax revenue. Imagine the growth if those were made permanent? 
If we don’t start to take steps to re-
form our code now, I am worried that we are going to turn around in a couple of years and say, ‘‘what happened? Where did our jobs go? What happened to the American tax base?’’ If we do get to that place, we will have no one to blame but ourselves. 
I thank the Chair for his indulgence 
this evening. 
I yield back my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-
jority leader. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:37 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05AU6.071 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6352 August 5, 2015 
MORNING BUSINESS 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to executive session for the consideration of Executive Calendar Nos. 272 through 295 and all the nomi-nations on the Secretary’s desk in the Air Force, Army, and Navy and that the commerce committee be discharged from further consideration of PN601 and PN641; that all the nominations be confirmed en bloc, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate; that no further motions be in order; that any statements re-lated to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD ; and that the President be 
immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The nominations considered and con-
firmed are as follows: 
IN THE ARMY  
The following Army National Guard of the 
United States officer for appointment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12211: 
To be major general 
Brig. Gen. David S. Baldwin 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: 
To be brigadier general 
Col. Aaron M. Prupas 
IN THE ARMY  
The following named officer for appoint-
ment as the Chief of Staff of the Army and appointment in the United States Army to the grade indicated while assigned to a posi-tion of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., sections 601 and 3033: 
To be general 
Gen. Mark A. Milley 
IN THE NAVY  
The following named officer for appoint-
ment as Chief of Naval Operations and ap-pointment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., sections 601 and 5033: 
To be admiral 
Adm. John M. Richardson 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: 
To be brigadier general 
Col. Christopher P. Azzano IN THE MARINE CORPS  
The following named officer for appoint-
ment as Commandant of the Marine Corps and appointment in the United States Ma-rine Corps to the grade indicated while as-signed to a position of importance and re-sponsibility under title 10, U.S.C., sections 601 and 5043: 
To be general 
Lt. Gen. Robert B. Neller 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the Reserve of the Air Force to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: 
To be major general 
Brig. Gen. Theron G. Davis 
IN THE ARMY  
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Army to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
Maj. Gen. John M. Murray 
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Army to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
Lt. Gen. Anthony R. Ierardi 
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: 
To be major general 
Brig. Gen. Garrett S. Yee 
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: 
To be major general 
Brig. Gen. Patrick J. Reinert 
IN THE NAVY  
The following named officer for appoint-
ment to the grade of admiral in the United States Navy while assigned to a position of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601, and title 50, U.S.C., sec-tion 2511: 
To be admiral 
Vice Adm. James F. Caldwell, Jr. 
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: 
To be vice admiral 
Vice Adm. Joseph P. Aucoin 
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
Capt. Cedric E. Pringle 
IN THE ARMY  
The following Army National Guard of the 
United States officers for appointment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12211: 
To be brigadier general 
Colonel Brett W. Andersen 
Colonel Wallace S. Bonds Colonel John C. Boyd Colonel David L. Boyle Colonel Mark N. Brown Colonel Robert D. Burke Colonel Thomas M. Carden, Jr. Colonel Patrick J. Center 
Colonel Laura L. Clellan Colonel Johanna P. Clyborne Colonel Alan C. Cranford Colonel Anita K.W. Curington Colonel Darrell D. Darnbush Colonel Aaron R. Dean, II Colonel Damian T. Donahoe Colonel John H. Edwards, Jr. Colonel Lee M. Ellis Colonel Pablo Estrada, Jr. Colonel James R. Finley Colonel Thomas C. Fisher Colonel Lapthe C. Flora Colonel Michael S. Funk Colonel Michael J. Garshak Colonel Harrison B. Gilliam Colonel Michael J. Glisson Colonel Wallace A. Hall, Jr. Colonel Kenneth S. Hara Colonel Marcus R. Hatley Colonel Gregory J. Hirsch Colonel John E. Hoefert Colonel Lee W. Hopkins Colonel Lyndon C. Johnson Colonel Russell D. Johnson Colonel Peter S. Kaye Colonel Jesse J. Kirchmeier Colonel Richard C. Knowlton Colonel Martin A. Lafferty Colonel Edwin W. Larkin Colonel Bruce C. Linton Colonel Kevin D. Lyons Colonel Robert B. McCastlain Colonel Mark D. McCormack Colonel Marshall T. Michels Colonel Michael A. Mitchell Colonel Shawn M. O’Brien Colonel David F. O’Donahue Colonel John O. Payne Colonel Troy R. Phillips Colonel Rafael A. Ribas Colonel Edward D. Richards Colonel Hamilton D. Richards Colonel John W. Schroeder Colonel Scott C. Sharp Colonel Cary A. Shillcutt Colonel Bennett E. Singer Colonel Raymond G. Strawbridge Colonel Tracey J. Trautman Colonel Suzanne P. Vares-Lum Colonel David N. Vesper Colonel Clint E. Walker Colonel James B. Waskom Colonel Michael J. Willis Colonel Kurtis J. Winstead Colonel David E. Wood 
The following Army National Guard of the 
United States officer for appointment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12211: 
To be brigadier general 
Col. Laura L. Yeager 
The following Army National Guard of the 
United States officer for appointment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12211: 
To be brigadier general 
Col. William J. Edwards 
The following Army National Guard of the 
United States officer for appointment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12211: 
To be major general 
Brig. Gen. Robert W. Enzenauer 
The following Army National Guard of the 
United States officers for appointment in the Reserve of the Army to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12211: 
To be major general 
Brigadier General Randy A. Alewel 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05AU6.070 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6353 August 5, 2015 
Brigadier General Craig E. Bennett 
Brigadier General Allen E. Brewer Brigadier General Brian R. Copes Brigadier General Benjamin J. Corell Brigadier General Peter L. Corey Brigadier General Steven Ferrari Brigadier General Ralph H. Groover, III Brigadier General William A. Hall Brigadier General Brian C. Harris Brigadier General Richard J. Hayes, Jr. Brigadier General Samuel L. Henry Brigadier General Barry D. Keeling Brigadier General Keith A. Klemmer Brigadier General William J. Lieder Brigadier General Dana L. McDaniel Brigadier General Rafael O’Ferrall Brigadier General Joanne F. Sheridan 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
The following named officer for appoint-
ment as Commander, Marine Forces Reserve, and appointment to the grade indicated in the United States Marine Corps while as-signed to a position of importance and re-sponsibility under title 10, U.S.C., sections 601 and 5144: 
To be lieutenant general 
Maj. Gen. Rex C. McMillian 
The following named officer for appoint-
ment to the grade of lieutenant general in the United States Marine Corps while as-signed to a position of importance and re-sponsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
Lt. Gen. Robert R. Ruark 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C. section 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
Lt. Gen. Samuel D. Cox 
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Air Force to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of importance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
Maj. Gen. Gina M. Grosso 
IN THE NAVY  
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: 
To be vice admiral 
Vice Adm. Paul A. Grosklags 
N
OMINATIONS PLACED ON THE SECRETARY ’S 
DESK 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
PN608 AIR FORCE nomination of Jesse L. 
Johnson, which was received by the Senate 
and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 24, 2015. 
PN665 AIR FORCE nomination of Jose M. 
Goyos, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of July 15, 2015. 
PN691 AIR FORCE nomination of John C. 
Boston, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of July 23, 2015. 
PN692 AIR FORCE nomination of John A. 
Christ, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of July 23, 2015. 
PN720 AIR FORCE nomination of Richard 
H. Fillman, Jr., which was received by the Senate and appeared in the CongQessional Record of July 29, 2015. 
IN THE ARMY  
PN250 ARMY nomination of Thomas M. 
Cherepko which as received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of 
March 4, 2015. 
PN417 ARMY nomination of Eric R. Davis, 
which was received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of April 28, 2015. 
PN693 ARMY nomination of Stephen T. 
Wolpert, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of July 23, 2015. 
PN694 ARMY nomination of Jenifer E. Hey, 
which was received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of July 23, 2015. 
PN695 ARMY nomination of Michael R. 
Starkey, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of July 23, 2015. 
PN696 ARMY nomination of Deepa 
Hariprasad, which was received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of July 23, 2015. 
PN697 ARMY nomination of Dale T. 
Waltman, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of July 23, 2015. 
PN698 ARMY nominations (26) beginning 
VINCENT E. BUGGS, and ending JAMES M. ZEPP, III, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of July 23, 2015. 
PN699 ARMY nominations (216) beginning 
SHONTELLE C. ADAMS, and ending JO-SEPH S. ZUFFANTI, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of July 23, 2015. 
PN700 ARMY nominations (66) beginning 
ANDREA C. ALICEA, and ending GIOVANNY F. ZALAMAR, which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of July 23, 2015. 
PN701 ARMY nominations (263) beginning 
ERIC B. ABDUL, and ending SARA I. ZOESCH, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of July 23, 2015. 
PN702 ARMY nominations (185) beginning 
GARY S. ANSELMO, and ending JOHN G. ZIERDT, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of July 23, 2015. 
PN721 ARMY nominations (3) beginning 
DEAN R. KLENZ, and ending JAMES J. RICHE, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of July 29, 2015. 
PN722 ARMY nominations (2) beginning 
RICHARD L. BAILEY, and ending KENNETH S. SHEDAROWICH, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of July 29, 2015. 
PN723 ARMY nominations (21) beginning 
WILLIAM ANDINO, and ending CHRIS-TOPHER P. WILLARD, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of July 29, 2015. 
PN724 ARMY nominations (47) beginning 
DAVID B. ANDERSON, and ending CARL W. THURMOND, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of July 29, 2015. 
PN725 ARMY nominations (5) beginning 
JERRY G. BAUMGARTNER, and ending MAURI M. THOMAS, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of July 29, 2015. 
PN726 ARMY nominations (22) beginning 
ELIZABETH A. ANDERSON, and ending MARGARET L. YOUNG, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of July 29, 2015. 
PN727 ARMY nominations (12) beginning 
TONIA M. CROWLEY, and ending CHERYL M. K. ZEISE, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of July 29, 2015. 
PN728 ARMY nominations (6) beginning 
JENNIFER M. AHRENS, and ending TODD W. TRAVER, which nominations were re-
ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of July 29, 2015. 
PN729 ARMY nominations (24) beginning 
RAMIE K. BARFUSS, and ending DENTONIO WORRELL, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of July 29, 2015. 
PN730 ARMY nominations (119) beginning 
DAVID J. ADAM, and ending VICTORY Y. YU, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of July 29, 2015. 
PN731 ARMY nominations (7) beginning 
APRIL CRITELLI, and ending GREGG A. VIGEANT, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of July 29, 2015. 
PN732 ARMY nominations (9) beginning 
THOMAS F. CALDWELL, and ending BRONSON B. WHITE, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of July 29, 2015. 
PN733 ARMY nominations (3) beginning 
CAROL L. COPPOCK, and ending MARIE N. WRIGHT, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of July 29, 2015. 
PN734 ARMY nominations (3) beginning 
NORMAN S. CHUN, and ending HARRY W. HATCH, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of July 29, 2015. 
PN735 ARMY nominations (11) beginning LAVETTA L. BENNETT, 
and ending CRAIG W. STRONG, which nomi-nations were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of July 29, 2015. 
IN THE NAVY  
PN703 NAVY nomination of Audry T. 
Oxley, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of July 23, 2015. 
PN704 NAVY nomination of Mark B. Lyles, 
which was received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of July 23, 2015. 
PN705 NAVY nominations (4) beginning 
RUSSELL P. BATES, and ending HORACIO G. TAN, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of July 23, 2015. 
PN706 NAVY nominations (24) beginning 
SYLVESTER C. ADAMAH, and ending CHADWICK D. WHITE, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of July 23, 2015. 
PN707 NAVY nominations (46) beginning 
RUBEN A. ALCOCER, and ending MELISSIA A. WILLIAMS, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of July 23, 2015. 
PN708 NAVY nominations (50) beginning 
ACCURSIA A. BALDASSANO, and ending JACQUELINE R. WILLIAMS, which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of July 23, 2015. 
PN709 NAVY nominations (18) beginning 
JASON S. AYEROFF, and ending BRENT E. TROYAN, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of July 23, 2015. 
PN710 NAVY nominations (50) beginning 
JERRY J. BAILEY, and ending ERIN R WILFONG, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of July 23, 2015. 
PN711 NAVY nominations (21) beginning 
WILLIAM M. ANDERSON, and ending JEF-FREY R. WESSEL, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of July 23, 2015. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:37 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05AU6.065 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6354 August 5, 2015 
PN712 NAVY nominations (95) beginning 
MARIA A. ALAVANJA, and ending VIN-CENT A. I. ZIZAK, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of July 23, 2015. 
IN THE COAST GUARD  
The following named officer for appoint-
ment as Vice Commandant, United States Coast Guard, and to the grade indicated under title 14, U.S.C., section 47: 
To be vice admiral 
Vice Adm. Charles D. Michel 
The following named officer for appoint-
ment in the United States Coast Guard to the grade indicated under title 14, U.S.C., section 211(a)(2): 
To be lieutenant commander 
Stephen R. Bird 
f 
NOMINATION OF DAVID HALE TO 
BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE ISLAMIC RE-PUBLIC OF PAKISTAN 
NOMINATION OF ATUL KESHAP TO 
BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE DEMOCRATIC SOCIALIST REPUBLIC OF SRI LANKA, AND TO SERVE CONCUR-RENTLY AND WITHOUT ADDI-TIONAL COMPENSATION AS AM-BASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF MALDIVES 
NOMINATION OF ALAINA B. 
TEPLITZ TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENI-POTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE FEDERAL DEMOCRATIC REPUB-LIC OF NEPAL 
NOMINATION OF WILLIAM A. 
HEIDT TO BE AMBASSADOR EX-TRAORDINARY AND PLENI-POTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE KINGDOM OF CAMBODIA 
NOMINATION OF GLYN TOWNSEND 
DAVIES TO BE AMBASSADOR EX-TRAORDINARY AND PLENI-POTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE KINGDOM OF THAILAND 
NOMINATION OF JENNIFER 
ZIMDAHL GALT TO BE AMBAS-SADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO MONGOLIA NOMINATION OF SHEILA 
GWALTNEY TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENI-POTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE KYRGYZ REPUBLIC 
NOMINATION OF PERRY L. HOLLO-
WAY TO BE AMBASSADOR EX-TRAORDINARY AND PLENI-POTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE CO- OPERATIVE REPUBLIC OF GUY-ANA 
NOMINATION OF KATHLEEN ANN 
DOHERTY TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENI-POTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF CYPRUS 
NOMINATION OF HANS G. KLEMM 
TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO ROMANIA 
NOMINATION OF JAMES DESMOND 
MELVILLE, JR., TO BE AMBAS-SADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF ESTONIA 
NOMINATION OF PETER F. 
MULREAN TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENI-POTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF HAITI 
NOMINATION OF LAURA 
FARNSWORTH DOGU TO BE AM-BASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF NICARAGUA 
NOMINATION OF PAUL WAYNE 
JONES TO BE AMBASSADOR EX-TRAORDINARY AND PLENI-POTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF POLAND 
NOMINATION OF MICHELE THOREN 
BOND TO BE AN ASSISTANT SEC-RETARY OF STATE (CONSULAR AFFAIRS) 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of the following nominations en bloc: Cal-endar Nos. 198, 199, 200, 201, 202, 203, 256, 257, 258, 259, 260, 261, 262, 264, and 265; 
that the Senate vote on the nomina-tions en bloc without intervening ac-tion or debate; that the motions to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate; that no further motions be in order to the nominations; that any statements related to the nomina-
tions be printed in the R
ECORD ; and 
that the President be immediately no-tified of the Senate’s action. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senate proceeded to consider the 
nominations en bloc. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the nominations of David Hale, of New Jersey, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Is-lamic Republic of Pakistan; Atul Keshap, of Virginia, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraor-dinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Demo-cratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka, and to serve concurrently and without additional compensation as Ambas-sador Extraordinary and Pleni-potentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Maldives; Alaina B. Teplitz, of Illinois, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Am-bassador Extraordinary and Pleni-potentiary of the United States of America to the Federal Democratic Re-public of Nepal; William A. Heidt, of Pennsylvania, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Min-ister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Ex-traordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the King-dom of Cambodia; Glyn Townsend Da-vies, of the District of Columbia, a Ca-reer Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Kingdom of Thailand; Jennifer Zimdahl Galt, of Colorado, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to Mongolia; Sheila Gwaltney, of California, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Min-ister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Ex-traordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Kyrgyz Republic; Perry L. Holloway, of South Carolina, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Co-operative Republic of Guyana; Kathleen Ann Doherty, of New York, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:37 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05AU6.066 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6355 August 5, 2015 
Plenipotentiary of the United States of 
America to the Republic of Cyprus; Hans G. Klemm, of Michigan, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Am-bassador Extraordinary and Pleni-potentiary of the United States of America to Romania; James Desmond Melville, Jr., of New Jersey, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Am-bassador Extraordinary and Pleni-potentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Estonia; Peter F. Mulrean, of Massachusetts, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Counselor, to be Am-bassador Extraordinary and Pleni-potentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Haiti; Laura Farnsworth Dogu, of Texas, a Career Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Nicaragua; Paul Wayne Jones, of Maryland, a Ca-reer Member of the Senior Foreign Service, Class of Career Minister, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Pleni-potentiary of the United States of America to the Republic of Poland; and Michele Thoren Bond, of the District of Columbia, a Career Member of the Sen-ior Foreign Service, Class of Minister- Counselor, to be an Assistant Sec-retary of State (Consular Affairs)? 
The nominations were confirmed en 
bloc. NOMINATION OF RAFAEL J. LOPEZ 
TO BE COMMISSIONER ON CHIL-DREN, YOUTH, AND FAMILIES, DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES 
NOMINATION OF MONICA C. 
REGALBUTO TO BE AN ASSIST-ANT SECRETARY OF ENERGY (ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGE-MENT) 
NOMINATION OF JONATHAN 
ELKIND TO BE AN ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF ENERGY (INTER-NATIONAL AFFAIRS) 
NOMINATION OF ERIC MARTIN 
SATZ TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE TENNESSEE VALLEY AUTHORITY 
NOMINATION OF GREGORY GUY 
NADEAU TO BE ADMINISTRATOR OF THE FEDERAL HIGHWAY AD-MINISTRATION 
NOMINATION OF DENISE TURNER 
ROTH TO BE ADMINISTRATOR OF GENERAL SERVICES 
NOMINATION OF JOYCE LOUISE 
CONNERY TO BE A MEMBER OF THE DEFENSE NUCLEAR FACILI-TIES SAFETY BOARD 
NOMINATION OF JOSEPH BRUCE 
HAMILTON TO BE A MEMBER OF THE DEFENSE NUCLEAR FACILI-TIES SAFETY BOARD 
NOMINATION OF MARIE THERESE 
DOMINGUEZ TO BE ADMINIS-TRATOR OF THE PIPELINE AND HAZARDOUS MATERIALS SAFETY ADMINISTRATION, DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of Ex-ecutive Calendar Nos. 211, 216, 249, 251, 254, 255, 270, 271; that the commerce committee be discharged from further consideration of PN524 and that the Senate vote without intervening action or debate on all of the nominations en bloc; that the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate; that no further motions be in order to the nominations; that any statements related to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD ; and that the 
President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there 
objection? 
Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senate proceeded to consider the 
nominations en bloc. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the nominations of Rafael J. Lopez, of California, to be Commis-sioner on Children, Youth, and Fami-lies, Department of Health and Human Services; Monica C. Regalbuto, of Illi-nois, to be an Assistant Secretary of Energy (Environmental Management); Jonathan Elkind, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary of Energy (Inter-national Affairs); Eric Martin Satz, of Tennessee, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Tennessee Valley Authority for a term expiring May 18, 2018; Gregory Guy Nadeau, of Maine, to be Administrator of the Fed-eral Highway Administration; Denise Turner Roth, of North Carolina, to be Administrator of General Services; Joyce Louise Connery, of Massachu-setts, to be a Member of the Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board for a term expiring October 18, 2019; Joseph Bruce Hamilton, of Texas, to be a Member of the Defense Nuclear Facili-ties Safety Board for the remainder of the term expiring October 18, 2016; and Marie Therese Dominguez, of Virginia, to be Administrator of the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Adminis-tration, Department of Transpor-tation? 
The nominations were confirmed en 
bloc. 
f 
NOMINATION OF KRISTEN MARIE 
KULINOWSKI TO BE A MEMBER OF THE CHEMICAL SAFETY AND HAZARD INVESTIGATION BOARD 
NOMINATION OF VANESSA LOR-
RAINE ALLEN SUTHERLAND TO BE A MEMBER OF THE CHEM-ICAL SAFETY AND HAZARD IN-VESTIGATION BOARD 
NOMINATION OF VANESSA LOR-
RAINE ALLEN SUTHERLAND TO BE CHAIRPERSON OF THE CHEM-ICAL SAFETY AND HAZARD IN-VESTIGATION BOARD 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of the following nominations en bloc: Cal-endar Nos. 250, 252, and 253; that the Senate vote on the nominations en bloc without intervening action or debate; that the motions to reconsider be con-sidered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate; that no further motions be in order to the nominations; that any statements related to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD ; that the President be 
immediately notified of the Senate’s action, and the Senate then resume legislative session. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The Senate proceeded to consider the 
nominations en bloc. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
question is, Will the Senate advise and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05AU6.094 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6356 August 5, 2015 
consent to the nominations of Kristen 
Marie Kulinowski, of New York, to be a Member of the Chemical Safety and Hazard Investigation Board for a term of five years; Vanessa Lorraine Allen Sutherland, of Virginia, to be a Mem-ber of the Chemical Safety and Hazard Investigation Board for a term of five years; and Vanessa Lorraine Allen Sutherland, of Virginia, to be Chair-person of the Chemical Safety and Haz-ard Investigation Board for a term of five years? 
The nominations were confirmed en 
bloc. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate will now resume legislative session. 
f 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREE-
MENT—EXECUTIVE CALENDAR 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that at 5 p.m. on Tuesday, September 8, the Senate proceed to executive session to con-sider the following nomination: Cal-endar No. 82, Roseann Ketchmark to be U.S. District Judge; that there be 30 minutes for debate on the nomination equally divided in the usual form; that upon the use or yielding back of time, the Senate vote without intervening action or debate on the nomination; that following disposition of the nomi-nation, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate; that no further motions be in order to the nomination; that any statements related to the nomination be printed in the R
ECORD ; that the 
President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action, and the Senate then resume legislative session. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREE-
MENT—NOMINATIONS IN STATUS QUO 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. As in executive 
session, I ask unanimous consent that all the nominations received by the Senate during the 114th Congress, first session, remain in status quo, notwith-standing the provisions of rule XXXI, paragraph 6, of the Standing Rules of the Senate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR A CONDITIONAL 
ADJOURNMENT OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES AND RE-CESS OR ADJOURNMENT OF THE SENATE 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the Chair lay before the Senate H. Con. Res. 72, which was received from the House. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the concurrent resolu-tion by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 72) 
providing for a conditional adjournment of the House of Representatives and a condi-tional recess or adjournment of the Senate. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the concurrent resolution. 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous 
consent that the concurrent resolution be agreed to, the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table, and any state-ments related to the concurrent resolu-tion be printed in the R
ECORD . 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The concurrent resolution (H. Con. 
Res. 72) was agreed to, as follows: 
H. C ON. RES. 72 
Resolved by the House of Representatives (the 
Senate concurring), That when the House ad-
journs on any legislative day from Tuesday, August 4, 2015, through Friday, September 4, 2015, on a motion offered pursuant to this concurrent resolution by its Majority Leader or his designee, it stand adjourned until 2:00 p.m. on Tuesday, September 8, 2015, or until the time of any reassembly pursuant to sec-tion 2 of this concurrent resolution, which-ever occurs first; and that when the Senate recesses or adjourns on any day from Tues-day, August 4, 2015, through Saturday, Sep-tember 5, 2015, on a motion offered pursuant to this concurrent resolution by its Majority Leader or his designee, it stand recessed or adjourned until noon on Tuesday, September 8, 2015, or such other time on that day as may be specified by its Majority Leader or his designee in the motion to recess or ad-journ, or until the time of any reassembly pursuant to section 3 of this concurrent reso-lution, whichever occurs first. 
S
EC. 2. (a) The Speaker or his designee, 
after consultation with the Minority Leader of the House, shall notify the Members of the House to reassemble at such place and time as he may designate if, in his opinion, the public interest shall warrant it. 
(b) After reassembling pursuant to sub-
section (a), when the House adjourns on a motion offered pursuant to this subsection by its Majority Leader or his designee, the House shall again stand adjourned pursuant to the first section of this concurrent resolu-tion. 
S
EC. 3. (a) The Majority Leader of the Sen-
ate or his designee, after concurrence with the Minority Leader of the Senate, shall no-tify the Members of the Senate to reassem-ble at such place and time as he may des-ignate if, in his opinion, the public interest shall warrant it. 
(b) After reassembling pursuant to sub-
section (a), when the Senate adjourns on a motion offered pursuant to this subsection by its Majority Leader or his designee, the Senate shall again stand adjourned pursuant to the first section of this concurrent resolu-tion. 
f 
SIGNING AUTHORITY 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that the junior Senator from West Virginia, the junior Senator from Arkansas, and the junior Senator from Missouri be authorized to sign duly enrolled bills or joint resolu-tions today through September 8, 2015. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. APPOINTMENTS AUTHORITY 
Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing the upcoming adjournment of the Senate, the President of the Sen-ate, the President pro tempore, and the majority and minority leaders be au-thorized to make appointments to com-missions, committees, boards, con-ferences or interparliamentary con-ferences authorized by law, by concur-rent action of the two Houses or by order of the Senate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
JOINT REFERRAL—NOMINATION 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
ask unanimous consent that, as in ex-ecutive session, the nomination of Mi-chael Herman Michaud, of Maine, to be Assistant Secretary of Labor for Vet-erans’ Employment and Training, sent to the Senate by the President, be re-ferred jointly to the HELP and Vet-erans’ Affairs Committees. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The Senator from Utah. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that I be permitted to finish this speech regardless of time. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
FINANCE COMMITTEE’S REPORT 
ON ITS INVESTIGATION OF THE IRS 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, earlier 
today, the Senate Finance Committee finally and at long last issued its re-port on its bipartisan investigation of the IRS’s treatment of organizations applying for tax-exempt status. 
As you will recall, this investigation 
began 2 years and 2 months ago after we became aware of allegations that the IRS had targeted certain organiza-tions for extra and undue scrutiny based on the groups’ names and polit-ical views. 
These were serious allegations. In-
deed, they struck at the very heart of the principle—one that everyone should agree on—that our Nation’s tax laws should be administered fairly and without regard to politics or partisan-ship. Despite the inherently political nature of these allegations, the Fi-nance Committee, which has exclusive legislative jurisdiction and primary oversight jurisdiction over the IRS, im-mediately opened a full bipartisan in-vestigation into this matter. 
The investigation officially began on 
May 21, 2013, under the direction of former Chairman Max Baucus and my-self, when I was the ranking member. When Senator W
YDEN assumed the 
leadership of the committee last year, he agreed to continue the bipartisan work we had begun, and I am very grateful to him. This bipartisan co-operation has continued unabated since I became chairman in January of this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05AU6.081 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6357 August 5, 2015 
year. That investigation concludes 
today with the release of our report. 
While much has been reported about 
the IRS’s political targeting over the last 2 years, it is important to note 
that the Senate Finance Committee has conducted the only bipartisan in-vestigation into the matter. Con-sequently, I believe the report we have issued today will serve as the definitive account of the personal political bi-ases, management failures, and other factors that led the IRS to unfairly target certain organizations applying for tax-exempt status. 
Once again, the public has a right to 
expect that the IRS will administer the Tax Code with integrity and fairness in every context. Yet, for many conserv-ative organizations that applied for tax-exempt status during the last 5 years, the IRS fell woefully short of that standard. The committee’s bipar-tisan report examined these events in great detail. 
Let’s take a look at what we now 
know after 2 years of exhaustive inves-tigation. We know that the White House’s focus on activities of tax-ex-empt organizations intensified after the Supreme Court issued its Citizens United decision in January 2010, culmi-nating in many ways with President Obama’s wrongheaded castigation of the Court in his State of the Union Ad-dress and continuing throughout 2010 until the midterm elections. 
The Finance Committee’s report con-
tains clear evidence that the IRS and other agencies heeded the President’s call. For example, just a few weeks after the President’s speech before Con-gress, the IRS made a pivotal decision to set aside all incoming tea party ap-plications for special processing—a de-cision that would subject these organi-zations to long delays, burdensome questions, and would ultimately prove fatal to some of their applications. 
Around that same time, the Depart-
ment of Justice was considering wheth-er it could bring criminal charges against 501(c)(4) organizations that en-gaged in political activities. The Fed-eral Election Commission had also opened investigations into conserv-ative organizations that aired political ads. 
The IRS met with both agencies, pro-
viding input on the proposals of De-partment of Justice and information to the Federal Election Commission on organizations that were under inves-tigation. These actions leave little doubt that, when Congress did not pass legislation to reduce spending on polit-ical speech, the administration sought alternative ways to accomplish the same goal. 
Regardless of whether an explicit di-
rective was given, the President gave the order to target conservative groups at every opportunity—the State of the Union, in press conferences, and in TV interviews. He did not send a smoking gun email because he did not need to. He gave the order for everyone to hear, and his political allies at the IRS fol-lowed those orders. The report clearly shows that con-
servative groups were singled out be-cause of their political beliefs, and gross mismanagement at the IRS al-lowed this practice to continue for years. 
We know the IRS systematically se-
lected tea party and other conservative organizations for heightened scrutiny, in a manner wholly different from how the IRS processed applications sub-mitted by left-leaning and nonpartisan organizations. Although the IRS knew that the tea party applications were too dissimilar to be grouped under a common template, it continued to seg-regate them for screening and proc-essing based on the presence of certain key words or phrases in the applicants’ names or applications, such as ‘‘Tea Party,’’ ‘‘9/12,’’ and ‘‘Patriots,’’ as well as indicators of political views that in-cluded being concerned with govern-ment debt, government spending or taxes, educating the public via advo-cacy, lobbying ‘‘to make America a better place to live’’ or being critical of how the country was being run. 
Some tried to mitigate these facts, 
claiming that the IRS similarly tar-geted left-leaning groups. Indeed, this argument is posited in the additional Democratic views. 
However, as our investigation made 
clear, the IRS’s treatment of conserv-ative organizations was without ques-tion different from that given to left- leaning and nonpartisan organizations. 
True enough, some liberal organiza-
tions were also denied tax-exempt sta-tus during this period. However, with one exception that affected just two or-ganizations, all left-leaning organiza-tions that were, according to the Democratic views, improperly treated had participated in activities that le-gitimately called their tax-exempt sta-tus into question. 
The IRS did not target these groups 
based on their names or ideology. In-stead, it evaluated their actual activi-ties that were known to the IRS—ac-tivities that, in many cases, properly resulted in denial or revocation of tax- exempt status. 
That same deference and attention to 
detail was not offered to tea party groups and other organizations. As a result, many of the tea party applicant groups gave up on the process, and some of these groups ceased to exist entirely, based, at least in part, on the failure to obtain tax-exempt status. 
Once again, we know all this hap-
pened. It is spelled out in great detail in the committee’s report. On top of all of this, our investigation revealed an environment at the IRS where the po-litical bias of individual employees such as Lois Lerner—who was, once again, the Director of the Exempt Or-ganizations unit—was allowed to influ-ence agency decisionmaking. 
The IRS’s upper management gave 
Ms. Lerner free rein to manage applica-tions for tax-exempt status. During our investigation, the Finance Committee found evidence that Lerner’s personal political views directly resulted in dis-
parate treatment for applicants affili-ated with the tea party and other con-servative causes. 
Ms. Lerner orchestrated a process 
that subjected applicants to multiple levels of review by numerous compo-nents within the IRS, thereby ensuring they would suffer long delays and be required to answer burdensome and un-necessary questions. Lerner showed lit-tle concern for conservative applicants, even when Members of Congress in-quired on their behalf, allowing their applications to languish in the IRS bu-reaucracy for as long as 2 years with little or no action. The IRS began to resolve these applications only after some of the problems became public in 2012, but, of course, by that time the damage had been done. 
Our investigation also uncovered a 
pattern at the IRS of continually mis-leading Congress about its handling of applications submitted by tea party or-ganizations. Specifically, top IRS offi-cials, including Doug Shulman, Steve Miller, and, of course, Lois Lerner, made numerous misrepresentations to Congress in 2012 and 2013 regarding the IRS’s mistreatment of these groups. As if that wasn’t bad enough, the IRS im-peded congressional investigations—in-cluding our investigation—by failing to properly preserve a significant portion of Ms. Lerner’s emails and then con-cealing the fact that the emails had been lost from the committee for months. 
Long before these allegations sur-
faced, the IRS was already one of the most feared and loathed agencies of the Federal Government. Virtually all Americans had some level of either ap-prehension or animosity toward the IRS, due in large part to the power it had to impact the lives of everyday, hard-working taxpayers. Then, begin-ning at least in 2010, if not sooner, the IRS made things even worse, dem-onstrating a pattern of incompetence, mismanagement, political bias, and ob-struction toward congressional over-sight. As a result, the agency has in many respects lost the public’s con-fidence. 
There is a lot of work that needs to 
be done if the agency is ever going to restore that confidence and regain the public’s trust. I believe the Finance Committee’s report gives the best ac-count we have of how that trust was broken. It spells out in great detail the organizational and personnel problems that plagued the agency and allowed partisan agendas and political trib-alism to influence important decisions. I hope all of my colleagues will take the time to examine this report and its findings. The report itself is over 400 pages long and includes roughly 5,000 pages of additional supporting docu-ments. In other words, all of my col-leagues have a lot of reading to do over the August recess. I hope we will take a close look at the events detailed in the report and come together to work 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05AU6.083 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6358 August 5, 2015 
on legislative solutions that will pre-
vent this kind of misconduct from hap-pening again in the future. 
In closing, I want to acknowledge the 
hard work and countless hours of time spent by the Finance Committee staff who worked on this report. All told, they conducted over 30 exhaustive interviews and reviewed more than 1.5 million pages of documents. They also drafted numerous versions of this re-port and performed countless other tasks necessary to bring this investiga-tion to a close. The bipartisan com-mittee staff whose diligence and devo-tion to duty made this investigation and report possible include the fol-lowing: John Angell, Kimberly Brandt, John Carlo, Austin Coon, Michael Evans, Daniel Goshorn, Christopher Law, Jim Lyons, Todd Metcalf, Har-rison Moore, Mark Prater and Tiffany Smith. All of them deserve our grati-tude for the work they have put in. 
I also thank former Chairman Baucus 
for his work in starting this investiga-tion, as well as my colleague Senator W
YDEN , who once again continued to 
work with us in a bipartisan fashion to get us to this point. I personally appre-ciate both of those gentlemen very much. I have to say it wasn’t easy for them to sit through some of this stuff. Nevertheless, it has been a privilege to work with them. 
This is the first of a number of 
speeches I will probably give on this subject. Hopefully it gives everybody a little bit of an understanding as to why we are so upset and a little bit of un-derstanding about the report we have issued today and have put on the Web page. 
With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oregon. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I want to 
thank the distinguished chairman from Utah. As Members will see from the views I am going to articulate, we have some strong differences about how the facts ought to be interpreted, but we worked very closely together to ensure that there would be one bipartisan compilation of the underlying facts. The two of us certainly agree that there is evidence of vast bureaucratic bumbling at the IRS. 
I will also say that a review of 1.5 
million pages of emails and documents and interviews with more than 30 IRS officials does not point to a single shred of political interference. I think as colleagues look at particularly the majority views and the minority views—set them aside for a moment; the fact is, the facts of the report show that no order—no order was ever given to target political groups. 
I am very pleased that we now have a 
bipartisan report that was conducted here in the Congress. That is why the bipartisan findings are especially im-portant. As I have stated, the findings contain absolutely no evidence to sup-port the narrative that has been ad-vanced by other committees and some in the media that tea party groups were targeted by the IRS because of 
their political views. 
My own view is that groups on the 
progressive side and groups on the con-servative side—both of them were han-
dled in a fashion that was unaccept-able. Both were handled badly. So as we kind of get into these issues—as I say, I think it was a very thorough and professional effort that was conducted to get at the facts. I want to kind of set the stage with some background. 
Under our Federal tax laws, people 
can establish various types of tax-ex-empt groups. There are different rules for each type. Under Section 501(c)(4), an organization can be established as a social welfare organization. One of the rules for these social welfare organiza-tions is they have to be operated exclu-sively for social welfare purposes. That has been interpreted since 1959 to mean, among other things, that the or-ganization can engage in some political campaign activity, but that cannot be its primary activity. There is no pre-cise meaning of ‘‘primary’’ for this pur-pose, and exactly what constitutes ‘‘po-litical campaign activity’’ is similarly unclear. 
Another type of tax-exempt organiza-
tion is established under section 527. A 527 organization can engage in an un-limited amount of political campaign activity, but there is an important dis-tinction because a 527 organization has to disclose the identity of its donors. 
Finally, the type of tax-exempt enti-
ty Americans are most familiar with— 501(c)(3)s are not allowed to engage in any political campaign activity. 
So now, with that as some legal 
background, let’s unpack the events we looked at. 
In February of 2010, the IRS Exempt 
Organizations Determinations Office, located in Cincinnati, began processing the first application for 501(c)(4) status from a tea party group. Before long, the office was—as one IRS employee was quoted as saying, they were inun-dated with applications from tea party groups, other conservative groups, and some progressive-leaning organiza-tions. The additional Republican views estimate that a total of 547 applica-tions were the focus of our investiga-tion; 65 percent were from tea party or conservative groups; 19 percent were from progressive organizations. To the IRS employees in the tax-exempt orga-nizations division, these applications raised questions about whether the or-ganizations were planning to engage in more political campaign activity than the 501(c)(4) law allowed. 
We also tried to assess the cause of 
the surge in applications, and I think it would be fair to say no one really knows what was behind that. It may have been related to the Supreme Court’s Citizens United decision in January of 2010 which knocked down some of the key limits on political campaign spending. It may have been related to the rise in citizen activism embodied in the tea party movement, the Occupy movement. In any event, there was a surge in applications. Now let’s fast forward to May of 2013. 
At the conclusion of her remarks at an American Bar Association conference, the Director of the IRS tax-exempt or-ganizations division, Lois Lerner, dis-closed that IRS employees had selected 501(c)(4) applications by groups with terms like ‘‘tea party’’ and ‘‘patriot’’ in their name for further reviews. She stated that the IRS employees had done so simply because the applica-
tions had those names in the title. Lerner described this process of select-ing cases for review because of a par-ticular name as ‘‘wrong,’’ ‘‘insensi-tive,’’ ‘‘inappropriate.’’ 
A few days later, the Treasury In-
spector General For Tax Administra-tion, who is known as TIGTA, released a report finding that the IRS ‘‘used in-appropriate criteria that identified for rebuke Tea Party and other organiza-tions applying for tax-exempt status based on their names or policy posi-tions instead of indications of potential political campaign intervention.’’ 
At the time of these disclosures from 
the IRS and the inspector general, there was a very serious concern that the singling out of conservative groups by name may have been a consequence of political bias or motivation on the part of IRS employees, possibly at the direction of political appointees at the IRS, the Treasury Department, or the White House. Although the inspector general report found no evidence of po-litical bias or targeting by the IRS, this was obviously a serious matter. 
The then-chairman of the Finance 
Committee, Chairman Baucus, and the then-ranking member of the com-mittee, now our chairman, Senator H
ATCH , began an in-depth, bipartisan 
investigation to assess the facts. The investigation continued after I became chairman of the committee, and it has gone forward under Chairman H
ATCH  
this year. So our bipartisan inquiry has been underway for more than 2 years. In the course of the investigation, the bipartisan committee staff has re-viewed more than 1.5 million pages of documents and interviewed 32 wit-nesses. 
At the committee’s request, the in-
spector general has undertaken several related but separate investigations. The results of the investigation are in the report the Finance Committee sub-mitted to the Senate today. That con-sists of a bipartisan report prepared by the committee staff and represents the views of Chairman H
ATCH and myself; 
additional views of Chairman H ATCH ’s 
prepared by the majority staff, which I will refer to as the additional Repub-lican views; and my own additional views, prepared by the minority staff, which I will refer to as the additional Democratic views. 
In total, the principal parts of the re-
port are 318 pages long, plus a 90-page chronology of events and another 5,000 or so pages of attached exhibits. 
I certainly hope the report is going 
to clear away some of the smoke and cut through some of the rhetoric to en-sure that all sides can see what really 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05AU6.085 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6359 August 5, 2015 
happened. The report also makes a se-
ries of recommendations, including bi-partisan recommendations, about how to initiate reforms going forward. 
I would like to now describe the main 
conclusions that I draw from the re-port. First and foremost, the IRS’s handling of this matter was an unmiti-gated bureaucratic disaster. There were some extenuating circumstances. 
The Citizens United decision had 
opened the floodgates to millions of dollars flowing into political activities, with 501(c)(4) organizations seeming to be one of the favored vehicles. As a re-sult, the IRS was facing a dramatic in-crease in the number and complexity of applications for 501(c)(4) status. At the same time, the IRS was working with vague regulatory standards that have not been updated since 1959. So the staff at the IRS exempt organizations division has one tough job. They were racing against a late-model Mustang in a 1959 jalopy. 
Even taking that into account, the 
IRS handled the situation badly. Es-sentially, the IRS froze. The bipartisan report shows that for more than 2 years, officials in the tax-exempt orga-nizations division in both Cincinnati and Washington failed to develop a good system for processing 501(c)(4) ap-plications that seemed to present issues about the group’s potential in-volvement in political campaign activ-ity. 
During that time, the IRS staff and 
managers tried a variety of different approaches. They asked one of their ex-perts on tax-exempt organization law to focus on two test cases—in effect, models. That took more than 8 months, and nothing really came of it. 
Then they set up task forces, and 
they tried what has come to be known as the infamous BOLO or ‘‘be on the lookout’’ list. They tried to get more information from applicants by asking a long list of detailed questions. This approach actually backfired because of the volume and the inappropriate na-ture of the questions. 
The bumbling and the bureaucratic 
paralysis just went on and on. By my count, there were seven different ef-forts over more than 2 years to figure out how to handle these applications, and the first six were for naught. By December 2011, a total of 290 applica-tions for 501(c)(4) status had been set aside for further review. Two of these applications have been successfully re-solved, not 202. It wasn’t until the late spring of 2012—more than 26 months after the first tea party application had arrived in Cincinnati—that the IRS finally started to get its act to-gether, setting up a triage group that was able to work through the backlog of applications more quickly. 
This process could and should have 
been handled better. Senior IRS leader-ship should have recognized or been made aware of the problem and should have stepped in much earlier to de-velop a system that provided fair and expeditious processing of these applica-tions. In light of all of this, the bipartisan 
report concludes that ‘‘between 2010 and 2013, the IRS failed to fulfill its ob-ligation to administer the tax law with integrity and fairness to all.’’ 
At a time of rising political activity 
and under increased political scrutiny and pressure after the Citizens United decision: 
Senior IRS executives, including Lerner, 
failed to properly manage political advocacy cases with the sensitivity and promptness that the applicants deserve. Other employees in the IRS failed to handle the cases with a proper level of urgency, which was sympto-matic of the overall culture within the IRS where customer service was not prioritized. 
These are all findings of the bipar-
tisan report. 
Further, and I wish to make this 
clear, most of the applications caught up in this mismanagement were tea party or other conservative groups, in-cluding in some cases small and rel-atively unsophisticated groups who didn’t have the resources to engage in a protracted review with the IRS. And I think we ought to make no mistake about it—these groups deserve much better treatment from their govern-ment. 
If there is any good news in all of 
this, the Democratic view notes that there have been some positive steps. Four key employees in the IRS who failed to manage properly have been re-moved from their positions, the back-log of applications has largely been eliminated, and all but 10 of the appli-cations have now been resolved. 
The bipartisan report recommends 
several further steps that should be taken. It makes 16 recommendations, including such reforms promulgating objective criteria to trigger special re-view, prohibiting requests for donor lists, creating a position in the tax-payer advocate dedicated to assisting applicants for tax-exempt status, and improving the system for tracking res-olution of pending applications, with a target of resolving applications within 270 days. 
Now let me turn to this question of 
political influence. Beyond the indis-putable gross management, another important focus of our investigation was to deal with these speculative charges and issues with respect to po-litical influence. When the original in-spector general report was issued in 2013, there was a concern that it looked like most of the groups that were caught up in all of this were conserv-ative-leaning groups, such as those with ‘‘tea party’’ in their names. In light of this, there was concern that we might be looking at something that was much worse than bureaucratic bungling. The concern was that there might have been an attempt to exert inappropriate political influence over the process of reviewing applications for tax-exempt status by disfavoring certain applications because of their perceived political views. 
In my view, that would constitute a 
grave and completely legitimate con-cern not just for Republicans, not just 
for conservatives, but for every Amer-ican. Among the fundamental prin-ciples underpinning our system of gov-ernment are equal treatment for all and an inviolate right to freedom of speech and expression. Both of these principles are especially important when it comes to the IRS, which has great power that must be exercised in an evenhanded fashion. Of perhaps equal importance to an evenhanded ex-ercise of its authority, it is incumbent on the IRS to take great care to ensure against any perception that it is acting because of bias, political or otherwise. 
In the committee’s investigation— 
which, as Chairman H
ATCH has noted, 
went for more than 2 years—the bipar-tisan staff carefully reviewed the evi-dence, and in contrast to the bipartisan analysis and recommendations I have just described, in this instance, the Democratic and Republican views have come to different conclusions. The ad-ditional Democratic views conclude that there is absolutely no evidence that there was an attempt to exert po-litical influence. The additional Repub-lican views—in contrast, in the 120 pages—are trying to make the case that there somehow, someway, must have been political interference in-volved but without identifying any di-rect evidence, documentary or other-wise, to support the case. 
I wish to explain first by laying out 
the basic facts and then by responding to the main points in the additional Republican view. 
First, on the facts, according to the 
report, the staff found no evidence of involvement by the White House or by Treasury Department political offi-cials. None. The staff found no evidence that any political appointee in the Obama administration was involved in the review of applications or in the es-tablishment of standards for their re-view. None. 
As a side note, during most of the 
relevant period, the IRS Commissioner was Mr. Douglas Shulman, who was ap-pointed by President Bush, and the principal official responsible for the management of the relevant IRS ac-tivities, Lois Lerner, was a career civil servant who was named to her position as Director of the tax-exempt organiza-tions division by IRS Commissioner Mark Everson, who also was appointed by President Bush. 
In addition to finding no emails, no 
memos, and no other documents indi-cating there was an attempt to exert political influence, the report indicates that the staff asked every IRS em-ployee who was directly involved in the review of the applications whether there had been any attempt to exert political influence over the handling of applications or whether they saw any-one else processing applications in a politically biased way. The staff asked 25 people. Every single one of them said there was no political bias. 
In addition, the inspector general 
audit that spurred the investigation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05AU6.086 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6360 August 5, 2015 
also found no evidence of targeting or 
political bias. Let me repeat that be-cause there have obviously been some misconceptions. The 2013 inspector gen-eral audit found no evidence of polit-ical bias in 501(c)(4) processing. This is discussed further in the committee’s report, including an email from the deputy inspector general at the office 
stating: ‘‘There was no indication that pulling these applications was politi-cally motivated.’’ There is an email from the inspector general chief coun-sel stating that the tea party was not targeted. The inspector general himself testified before our committee that no political motivation was found, and his office further stated that no relevant communications were found coming from the White House or Treasury. 
Further, although more conserv-
ative-leaning than progressive-leaning groups were affected, several progres-sive organizations were subject to the same kind of gross mismanagement, long delays, and inappropriate informa-tion requests that were experienced by the conservative organizations. The bi-partisan report notes that terms such as ‘‘progressive’’ and ‘‘ACORN,’’ as well as terms intended to capture the var-ious Occupy Wall Street groups, were included with ‘‘tea party’’ and ‘‘9/12’’ on the IRS BOLO list. Again, ‘‘progres-sive’’ appeared on the same BOLO list as ‘‘tea party’’ from day one. The re-port also shows that progressive groups were subject to mismanagement, delays, and intrusive questions from the IRS. 
I also would like to respond to sev-
eral other particulars to the additional Republican views. Notwithstanding the plain fact that there is no evidence of any attempt to exert political influ-ence over the process, the additional Republican views strive over the course of 120 pages to make the case that somehow, someway, somewhere, there was something sinister going on. This is done through a combination of innu-endo, speculation, and unjustified in-ference. 
The additional Republican views 
make much of the fact that the head of the tax-exempt organizations division and the principal person responsible for the management issues involved, Lois Lerner, appears to have been a Demo-crat with liberal views about some issues. Much is also made of the fact that the President and some congres-sional Democrats wanted to impose tighter restrictions on campaign spend-ing. Put these two facts together—say, Republicans—and it becomes clear in their view that the fix was in. 
However, the actual evidence to sup-
port this theory is nonexistent. For ex-ample, the Republican views quote an email from Ms. Lerner’s husband in which on election day he told her he had written in the names of Socialist Labor candidates on his ballot. They quote an email from Ms. Lerner—an email she wrote—celebrating Mary-land’s approval of same-sex marriage. And they note what they apparently consider to be particularly suspicious: 
that in the 1.5 million pages of docu-ments, the Republican staff found no instance in which Ms. Lerner, members of her family, or her friends ‘‘expressed positive sentiments about the Repub-lican Party, a specific Republican can-didate, or the Tea Party.’’ 
So what we have is that Ms. Lerner’s 
husband voted for Socialists, she is a Democrat, she supports same-sex mar-riage, and she apparently doesn’t have a lot of Republican supporters among her family. You just have to ask your-self, what is this supposed to prove? There is no evidence that any of these views were brought to the actual re-view of the application process, and that, to me, is what is paramount. 
Granted, the Republican views also 
quote various other emails in which Ms. Lerner expresses support for Presi-dent Obama or is critical—sometimes harshly so—of the Republican Party and specific Republican officials. To my mind, this is pretty much irrele-vant chitchat. It is gossip. It is coffee- shop talk, locker-room talk. As the Democratic views puts it, ‘‘There is no evidence that Lois Lerner allowed her political belief to affect how she car-ried out her duties as a manager of the Exempt Organizations office.’’ 
The Republican views also highlight 
Ms. Lerner’s views about the Supreme Court Citizens United decision. It is pretty obvious she didn’t like it. She thought it threatened to unleash a flood of unregulated money in the Fed-eral campaign. The Republican views even suggests that it was somehow ne-farious that Ms. Lerner was closely fol-lowing the Citizens United decision. 
All of this tells us nothing. She was 
the head of the IRS division respon-sible for applying the law regarding the appropriate level of political campaign activity undertaken by 501(c)(4) organi-zations. It would be odd, in my view, if she weren’t closely following Citizens United. It was an important decision with major implications for political campaign spending. 
It is not surprising to me that she 
didn’t like the decision. Eighty percent of Americans felt the same way. I am one of them. 
The Republicans also were exercised 
that President Obama, various congres-sional Democrats, and the Democratic Party in general opposed the Citizens United decision and supported tighter limits on campaign spending. No ques-tion that is true. But the Republican views make a remarkable leap. They say: 
Overall, it is apparent that the need for an 
explicit Presidential directive to target the Tea Party and conservative organizations was rendered unnecessary by the White House’s frequent public statements con-demning political spending. Government agencies were acutely aware of the Presi-dent’s wishes and responded accordingly. 
So said the majority in their views. 
Now, just think about that. Just kind 
of put your arms around that. The President wanted to limit campaign spending. So the Republicans on the 
committee would have us conclude that various relatively low-level career government officials, without any di-rect intervention whatsoever from the White House, from the Treasury De-partment or from anybody else in a po-sition of political authority, just sprang into action and engaged in a conspiracy of some sort to harass con-servative groups. I guess it was almost conspiracy by osmosis. I find these ex-traordinary leaps to just defy logic. 
Federal civil servants are allowed to 
have a political opinion. The President of the United States and Members of Congress are allowed to express their views about the campaign finance sys-tem. Certainly some of Ms. Lerner’s personal emails were in poor taste, and it may have been bad judgment for someone in her position to be sending emails to her friends on her office com-puter expressing political opinions, but the only pertinent question here—the only pertinent question—is whether the political views of Ms. Lerner or other officials influenced the even-handed administration of the law. Al-though the majority points to numer-ous embarrassing emails from Ms. Lerner, they cannot point to even a single one where she directed or en-couraged employees to exercise polit-ical bias. 
The majority views also make an-
other argument. They assert that sig-nificantly more conservative-leaning groups than progressive-leaning groups were affected by the dysfunction at the IRS and that this, in and of itself, proves there was a bias against con-servatives. This is a more serious argu-ment, but when you unpack this one, it, too, falls short. As I have said be-fore, it appears from the report that most of the groups affected were con-servative, but progressive groups were affected too. The bipartisan report in-dicates that progressive was on the BOLO list, along with ACORN and other terms such as ‘‘Occupy’’ that were considered to indicate progressive or Democratic-leaning political en-gagement. 
The report also shows the IRS con-
ducted workshops directing employees to look for terms such as ‘‘progressive’’ and ‘‘Emerge’’ as well as ‘‘tea party.’’ Again, these groups suffered from the same sort of delays and intrusive ques-tions that tea party and other conserv-ative groups suffered from. 
Nonetheless, Republicans on the 
committee insist the fact that more conservative than progressive groups were caught up in the IRS dysfunction necessarily means there was bias. How-ever, this inference can be only drawn if there were equal volumes of applica-tions coming into the IRS from con-servative and progressive groups. There is just no evidence this was the case. 
Moreover, there is good reason to be-
lieve that in the wake of Citizens United, the increasing volume of appli-cations—particularly applications that raised serious issues about involvement 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05AU6.088 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6361 August 5, 2015 
in political campaign activity—came 
primarily from conservative-leaning groups. Independent watchdogs have determined that 80 percent of political campaign spending by 501(c)(4)s was supported by conservatives, and the IRS staff said they were inundated with tea party applications. If that is the case, it would be unsurprising that most of the delays and other problems included conservative groups. They were mostly the ones who were apply-ing. 
Again, I am not trying in any way to 
justify the poor treatment received by conservative groups, but the report found no evidence that the typical con-servative application was any more likely to be mistreated than the typ-ical progressive application, and with-out such evidence it is inappropriate to infer there was bias. 
A third argument the Republican 
views assert, which also falls short, is that there was a double standard: on one hand the treatment of the conserv-ative groups caught up in the 501(c)(4) dysfunction and on the other hand the treatment of some nonprofit groups supported by Democratic Senators. The Republican views cite three cases in which Democratic Senators asked that the review of applications for tax-ex-empt status be expedited and where that apparently was done. They con-trast the relatively quick resolution of these cases to the delays experienced by tea party and other conservative ap-plicants for 501(c)(4) status. 
On the face of it, the facts the three 
cases relied on do not support the Re-publican inference there was a double standard. In the first place, according to the information in the report, the three groups supported by Democratic Senators had applied for 501(c)(3) sta-tus, under which they can engage in no political activity. Further, in two of the three cases there is nothing in the report indicating the cases were par-ticularly difficult or controversial. 
In the Democratic views, it is noted 
the third case was a request for the ex-peditious consideration of an applica-tion for tax-exempt status by the One Boston Foundation in order to facili-tate fundraising and assistance to those who were the victims of the Bos-ton Marathon terrorist attacks in April of 2013. In that case, it appears from public reporting there was an un-usual legal issue and that in part at the request of various public officials, the IRS did in fact cut through some redtape and resolve the issue so this or-ganization could get up and running quickly. 
As far as I know, there are no allega-
tions that the One Boston Foundation was anything remotely like a political organization, and I am not aware of any partisan or other controversy sur-rounding it. I was surprised by the Re-publican views that apparently thought it was inappropriate or unfair for public officials to encourage the IRS to help get the organization up and running or that the IRS did anything wrong by handling this case well. To 
put it more pointedly, I was surprised this was considered to be in any way relevant to our investigation. 
As the bipartisan report makes clear, 
the IRS took far too long to review 501(c)(4) applications from tea party and other groups, and it subjected many of the groups to unnecessary delay and inappropriate questioning, but the fact that the IRS was able to handle a few very different cases rea-sonably well does not show a double standard. In effect, the Republican views compare apples and oranges. 
Before closing, I want to briefly ad-
dress several other matters covered in our report. The first is the crash of Lois Lerner’s hard drive in 2011 which resulted in the loss of some emails that may have been relevant to our inquiry. 
Senator H
ATCH and I learned about 
the hard drive crash in June 2014, just before we were originally planning to release the committee’s report. The two of us immediately asked the in-spector general to investigate to deter-mine whether there was evidence of in-tentional wrongdoing and whether any of the lost emails could be recovered from other sources. 
The inspector general conducted a 
thorough investigation, which took more than 1 year. Here is what the in-spector general found, as explained in the report: Although we do not know why her hard drive crashed, there is no evidence it was crashed intentionally. The inspector general was able to re-cover about 1,300 additional emails, and the inspector general found that some potentially relevant backup tapes had been unintentionally mishandled and then destroyed, contrary to the docu-ment retention policy the IRS put in place after our investigation began. These findings have led to a significant amount of criticism about the current IRS Commissioner, Mr. John Koskinen. 
Before closing, I want to make a cou-
ple of points in response to the criti-cism of Commissioner Koskinen. First, it is important to remember that the principal problems we have been talk-ing about—in other words, Chairman H
ATCH and I have been talking about 
these issues here for probably close to an hour regarding the IRS handling of applications for section 501(c)(4) sta-tus—all occurred before Mr. Koskinen came on board as IRS Commissioner in December of 2013. In fact, during the entire period covered by the original 2013 inspector general investigation, the IRS Commissioner was Mr. Doug Shulman, as I stated, appointed by President Bush. Although Mr. Koskinen inherited these problems, he did not create them. 
Second, looking at how the IRS han-
dled the hard drive crash, I do think Mr. Koskinen waited too long to in-form the Committee on Finance and that the senior IRS leadership could have done a better job keeping track of the backup tapes. That said, there is zero evidence that these mistakes were politically motivated, and there is no reason to believe the potential loss of 
some of Lois Lerner’s emails com-promised the investigation. 
We recovered thousands of emails 
covering this period from the relevant 
people corresponding with Ms. Lerner. Even taking the potential loss of some emails into account, the bipartisan re-port concludes that ‘‘the large volume of information we have received gives us a high degree of confidence in the accuracy of the conclusions reached during our investigation.’’ 
Looking forward, Commissioner 
Koskinen is a skilled and experienced leader. I am confident he is going to work closely and cooperatively with Chairman H
ATCH , with myself, with 
Democrats and Republicans on the Committee on Finance to continue to improve the operation of the IRS Ex-empt Organizations Division. 
We also asked the inspector general 
to investigate four other cases in which there have been allegations of political motivation by the IRS. One involved a White House official who referred to a specific company when criticizing the use of tax loopholes. The question was whether he had received inside infor-mation from the IRS, and of course that would be a serious violation of the law. 
The other cases involved conserv-
ative groups that unfortunately had some of their confidential tax informa-tion inappropriately made public. These cases have generated intense congressional interest and lawsuits. The underlying concern, similar to the concern about the handling of the 501(c)(4) applications, was the serious and legitimate worry as to whether there had been an effort to exert polit-ical influence over the IRS—in effect, to use the IRS as a weapon against conservatives. 
Here, based on the information in the 
report, the inspector general’s inves-tigations have led to clear conclusions. The inspector general investigation of the White House official found he did not receive any confidential informa-tion from the IRS. He apparently was just shooting from the hip, which may be bad judgment, but it is not a crime. In the three cases where confidential taxpayer information was inappropri-ately disclosed, it was because of unin-tentional mistakes by low-level IRS employees, some of whom have been subject to administrative discipline. 
These mistakes were regrettable, and 
the staff has made bipartisan rec-ommendations to prevent them from recurring, but the bottom line is that in each of these cases there was no ef-fort to exert political pressure. 
In summary, our report tells a re-
grettable story. Many applicants for tax-exempt status were treated badly. They were treated in an unacceptable way, and they deserved better service from their government, but in the end this is a story about gross bureaucratic dysfunction. It is not about an attempt to exert political influence over or in-ject political bias into how the IRS does its job. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05AU6.089 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6362 August 5, 2015 
Further, the main culprits are gone, 
the system has been improved, the committee has made a series of bipar-tisan recommendations to improve it further, and I think it is fair to say that both Democrats and Republicans on the Senate Committee on Finance— Chairman H
ATCH has worked very 
closely with me on this—are com-mitted to making sure nothing like this vast bureaucratic bungling ever happens again. 
So we here in the Senate have more 
to do. We are going to have to do some hard thinking about one of the under-lying issues, which is the money and politics, including in the context of tax-exempt organizations that are not supposed to be engaged primarily in po-litical activity. 
As part of this—and I respect the 
views of Chairman H
ATCH and others 
who may disagree—I think the Con-gress has to come up with better stand-ards. We ought to set—again, in a bi-partisan way—to overhaul the 1959 reg-ulatory jalopy. Just put our arms around that one. Here we are in the digital world with so many changes in our country, and we still have the basic 1959 approach to regulating these issues. We ought to establish rules of the road that fully respect First Amendment rights and also give all or-ganizations—be they progressive, con-servative or in between; whatever they are—better guidance about what they can and cannot do given their tax-ex-empt status. 
My own view is, when it comes to 
money and politics, we really can’t get enough transparency. I hope we will be able to work on those issues in the fu-ture. In fact, the last time we had a bi-partisan bill here was in the last Con-gress, when Senator M
URKOWSKI , our 
colleague from Alaska, joined me on a bill that said all major spending from everywhere—wherever you were; pro-gressive, conservative—essentially had to be disclosed. So my own view is that we need more transparency, not less. 
Mr. President, I have some brief re-
marks to make on another subject, un-less our chairman wants to make fur-ther comments. I will yield on this topic and let the chairman comment. Then after the chairman is done speak-ing, I will ask unanimous consent—and be certainly no more than 10 minutes on another subject—to speak after the chairman has had a chance. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Utah. 
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I thank 
my colleague. 
Look, people can make up their own 
minds about this. Read the doggone re-port. We cannot read it and just say: Brush it off; there is just one rogue em-ployee there. There are all kinds of em-ployees that are mentioned in the re-port. We can’t just wipe it off because we were unable to interview the Treas-ury Department or the White House. We can’t just wipe it off, when we look at all the information there, and just say: Well, this was a bad apple in the IRS, and it was just an ordinary course 
of events. They mistreated liberal groups or progressive groups, so-called, as much as they did the conservative groups. 
There is no question they didn’t. 
There were very few progressive groups, and it was easy to understand which ones they were looking at. My gosh, some of those have had criminal accusations against them. There are only a few of them, compared to the wide group of people on the conserv-ative side—that they knew were con-servatives and they put on the BOLO list, the ‘‘be on the lookout’’ list. 
Now, yes, we weren’t able to get into 
the Treasury Department, and we weren’t able to get into the White House and what they did or didn’t do in these areas. I don’t think we can read this report and conclude that this is just a terribly dysfunctional IRS. I think we can agree that we all knew that before we had this report. But this is a very serious report. 
By the way, the report is signed off 
by both Democrats and Republicans. We can’t just wipe it away and say: Well, this is just a bunch of bad apples at the IRS. 
Lois Lerner took the Fifth Amend-
ment. She refused to testify in front of the House. Now, she had a right to do that, and I would be the first to stand for that right. But why would she do that? 
The fact of the matter is that it was 
a dysfunctional IRS, and it was being managed by people who were bright enough to not be dysfunctional. 
I am not going to say much more be-
cause we will answer every one of the distinguished Senator’s approaches here this evening. I would just suggest: Read the report. It is signed off by Democrats and Republicans. We can’t just blow it off by saying this was just the dysfunction at the IRS. We all know the IRS is dysfunctional, and part of the reason it is is that the IRS is supposed to represent every citizen in this country in a fair and balanced way. But it is governed by a union. They can’t even fire somebody at the IRS without going through all kinds of hoops, and then they are going to have a rough time firing them no matter how bad they are. We all know that. We have seen it year after year here. To just brush this off like it is just one bad apple there—there are more apples there than Lois Lerner. 
All I can say is this report is a very 
serious report. It can’t be just brushed away. It is a serious report for many reasons. 
One reason is that conservative 
groups, by a vast majority, were mis-treated—and mistreated in election years, where they were trying to make a difference. I am not saying I agree with them. All I can say is they had a right to get their 501(c)(4) status deter-mined and not just dragged out past the election. 
That alone is something that ought 
to cause everybody in this country to be a little bit frightened that the IRS 
can do that. I don’t want it done for liberal groups that way. If the Repub-licans were ever totally in control of the White House, the Justice Depart-ment, the IRS, and the Treasury, I wouldn’t want anybody treated like these conservative groups were treated. I would probably differ with some of those conservative groups, myself. But they deserve to be treated with respect and with dignity and under the law. And they were not. And we can’t just brush it off on just one person being out of line. 
I am very concerned about it. I sug-
gest people read the report. Read the report. 
There were some things we weren’t 
able to look into. I wish we had been able. I think we might have been able to more definitively lay this out. But to make a long story short, read the re-port—something that my colleagues on the other side agreed to. Then read the minority views, then read the majority views, and see what you think. But I will tell you this: You have to be alarmed. 
The most dangerous agency in our 
government happens to be the IRS, the Internal Revenue Service. They can break anybody overnight. People are afraid of the IRS, and with good cause. When we see what happened here, they are going to have to be even more fear-ful—unless we can straighten this mess up. I intend to see that it is straighten up—or straightened out, may be a bet-ter way of saying it. 
I am very concerned about this. We 
had people who were mistreated. I might not agree with them, but they were mistreated, in comparison with the liberal groups, which you would have questions about them anyway— some of them. 
Well, I am sure we will debate this 
even more. I don’t want to take more of the Senate’s time tonight. But I am extremely concerned because I don’t think there is an agency in government that causes more fear in the hearts of people than the IRS. And when we see the mess they did, we can’t just chalk it up to just a few rogue employees there at the IRS. When we see the mess they did, we have to stop and think: My, gosh, is this the way our country is run? Is this the way the IRS is run? Can we do anything about it? Or do we just have to, as citizens, sit back and forget about it? 
Well, we are not going to let them 
forget about it. This is a very, very im-portant report. I think the majority and minority views are worth reading. I don’t see how we can conclude at the end of it that there is not a tremendous problem there. 
Keep in mind that when the inspector 
general investigates and if he doesn’t find an absolute, they say he doesn’t find anything. They are not going to pick on anybody. I have a lot of respect for the inspector general at the IRS. I remember his being criticized because apparently he is a Republican. But he 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05AU6.090 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6363 August 5, 2015 
is not going to accuse anybody if he 
doesn’t have the evidence. 
In this case, there is a whole accumu-
lation of evidence that we cannot ig-nore and just brush away under the guise that this is just a rogue person. There were other people there as well who caused this calamitous set of events, and we have to not just brush it away. We have to look at it, and we have to find a way of straightening out the IRS so it is not a partisan institu-tion—which most Americans believe it is, and almost every conservative be-lieves it is. 
Now, we are making some strides 
here, and I am going to continue to push on to see that we make strides. But I have to say, ask the American people out there what they think. Read the report, and then we will talk about it some more. 
I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Oregon. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I will be 
very brief. I thank my colleague from Arkansas for his patience. I know he has things he has to have done as well. 
f 
FEDERAL WILDFIRE BUDGETING 
SYSTEM 
Mr. WYDEN. I was down here on the 
floor last night talking about the need for actually getting some real progress to fix the mess that the wildfire budg-eting system in our country has be-come. 
I noted there have been several pro-
posals offered, including one by myself and Senator C
RAPO called the Wildfire 
Disaster Funding Act, referred to the Budget Committee. There have been hearings held. There have been speech-es given about the need to fix the bro-ken system to provide Federal agencies with the help they need to battle the devastating blazes year in and year out. Senator C
RAPO and I have intro-
duced a bill to fix this broken system, and we need to get some real results. 
In spite of all the talk, there hasn’t 
been any real action. Twenty-four hours later and I am back, pleased to be able to stand here tonight to say several of our colleagues have heeded my call, and tomorrow I will be putting into the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD a col-
loquy with all of our signatures— Democrats and Republicans—com-mitted to resolving this issue in the fall. We have been working since last night to set aside a way to work to-gether this summer, with the fires in the West literally fueling the hunger to take meaningful steps this fall, to fi-nally end fire borrowing, and to ensure that Federal agencies have the re-sources they need to prevent these in-fernos from igniting in the first place. 
Just today, the Forest Service re-
leased a report that makes the very clear point that, for the first time in its history, the Forest Service is rou-tinely spending more than half of its budget battling wildfires. They note that the cost of fire suppression could well increase to almost $1.8 billion by 
2025. This vicious cycle of underfunding prevention work while huge infernos burn up Federal fire suppression ac-counts is going to get worse, and what we are going to see as it does is the Forest Service becoming the fire serv-ice. That is not in America’s interest. It is particularly damaging to my part of the country. 
I am pleased to be able to say that, in 
the last 24 hours, we have made some real progress in addressing this chal-lenge. There is a commitment on both sides of the aisle now, here in the Sen-ate, to get this fixed this fall. 
(The remarks of Mr. W
YDEN per-
taining to the submission of S. Res. 246 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under 
‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
Mr. WYDEN. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Arkansas. 
f 
JACOB TRIEBER FEDERAL BUILD-
ING, UNITED STATES POST OF-FICE, AND UNITED STATES COURT HOUSE 
Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I wish 
to talk about S. 1707, which will name the Federal building located at 617 Walnut Street in Helena, AR, as the Jacob Trieber Federal Building, United States Post Office, and United States Courthouse. 
The Honorable Jacob Trieber paved 
the way for diversity on the Federal bench as the first Jewish Federal judge. His work on the bench helped fight injustice and laid the foundation for equality with a lasting civic legacy that continues to impact our country. 
Born on October 6, 1853, in Raschkow, 
Prussia, a young Jacob Trieber and his family escaped the growing anti-Semi-tism in Prussia and moved to the United States. In a few short years they established their homestead and a family story in Helena, AR. In 1873, he began to study law, and 3 years later he entered the Arkansas Bar. In 1897, he was appointed U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of Arkansas in Little Rock. 
Three years later, on July 26, 1900, 
President William McKinley appointed Jacob Trieber to the Federal bench, where for 27 years Judge Trieber served on the U.S. Circuit Court for the East-ern District of Arkansas. Judge Trieber was committed to equal justice for all and ruled for equality for African Americans and women. 
Judge Trieber had astounding fore-
sight. Many of his rulings were impor-tant to civil rights and wildlife con-servation. He also was committed to his local Arkansas community and served as elected official on the Helena City Council and as the Phillips Coun-ty treasurer. 
Judge Trieber played an influential 
role in saving the Old State House and establishing the Arkansas State Tuber-culosis Sanatorium. 
In honor of Judge Jacob Trieber, Sen-
ator C
OTTON , Senator C OONS , and I have introduced this legislation that des-
ignates the Federal building in Helena- West Helena, AR, the Jacob Trieber Federal Building, United States Post Office, and Court House. 
Judge Trieber’s name will appro-
priately mark this building and stand as a symbol of his significant work not only for the people of Arkansas but also for the entire United States. 
I thank Senator B
OXER and Senator 
INHOFE for helping us advance this in a 
timely fashion and also the staff of the EPW and the cloakroom staff who does such an outstanding job here. 
Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-
sent that the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works be discharged from further consideration of S. 1707 and the Senate proceed to its imme-diate consideration. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1707) to designate the Federal 
building located at 617 Walnut Street in Hel-ena, Arkansas, as the ‘‘Jacob Trieber Federal Building, United States Post Office, and United States Court House.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The bill (S. 1707) was ordered to be 
engrossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 1707 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. JACOB TRIEBER FEDERAL BUILDING, 
UNITED STATES POST OFFICE, AND UNITED STATES COURT HOUSE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The Federal building lo-
cated at 617 Walnut Street in Helena, Arkan-sas, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Jacob Trieber Federal Building, United States Post Office, and United States Court House’’. 
(b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, 
map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the Federal building referred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Jacob Trieber Federal Building, United States Post Office, and United States Court House’’. 
Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I sug-
gest the absence of a quorum. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will call the roll. 
The legislative clerk proceeded to 
call the roll. 
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
REMEMBERING ED LANE 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
rise to mourn the loss of an honored Kentuckian, renowned businessman, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:15 Aug 07, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD15\S05AU5.REC S05AU5bjneal on DSK6SPTVN1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6364 August 5, 2015 
and public servant, and my personal 
friend, Ed Lane. After battling cancer for more than 2 years, Ed passed away on August 2. He was 73 years old. 
Ed was passionate about supporting 
his hometown of Lexington and the Commonwealth of Kentucky. He was well connected to the State’s business community through his work as a com-mercial real estate broker. Seeing a need for a publication for and about Kentucky business, he founded and was the publisher of the Lane Report, a great business news magazine for Ken-tucky. 
Encouraged by his friends in the 
community to seek public office, Ed also represented the 12th District of Lexington on the Lexington-Fayette Urban County Government Council since 2005. He was reelected without op-position in 2014. As a council member, he brought his business experience and his wisdom to fight for and represent Lexington businesses and his district. 
In addition to his public service as a 
council member, Ed supported his com-munity through many philanthropic ef-forts and volunteer service. He served on the boards of many community, arts and civic organizations, including the Breeders’ Cup Host Committee, the UK Sanders-Brown Center of Aging Foun-dation Board, the Lexington Downtown Development Authority Board, the Lexington-Fayette Urban County Air-port Board, the Kentucky Arts Council, the 2010 FEI World Equestrian Games Advisory Committee, LexArts, the Lex-ington Ballet, the Lexington Phil-harmonic, the Better Business Bureau of Lexington, Junior Achievement of the Bluegrass, the Mayor’s American Recovery and Reinvestment Act Com-mittee, the Fayette County Equine Task Force, the Commerce Lexington Agribusiness Committee, and others. 
Ed was an artist, photographer, and 
art collector. He loved cooking, read-ing, gardening, and talking politics. He also loved fast cars, earning him the nickname ‘‘Fast Eddie’’ in the 1960s. Ed is survived by his daughters Susan Brett Lane and Katherine Meredith Lane. 
I was deeply saddened to hear of Ed’s 
passing. He was a good friend, and I al-ways enjoyed reading the Lane Report, especially Ed’s engaging One-on-One interviews. Elaine and I send our con-dolences to his family. 
The Lexington Herald-Leader re-
cently published an article detailing Ed’s life and achievements. I ask unan-imous consent that said article be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Lexington Herald-Leader, Aug. 3, 
2015] 
LEXINGTON COUNCIL MEMBER , BUSINESS MAG-
AZINE FOUNDER AND PUBLISHER EDLANE 
DIES AT 73 
(By Greg Kocher and Karla Ward) 
Lexington Urban County Councilman 
Edwin ‘‘Ed’’ Green Lane III, founder and pub-lisher of The Lane Report magazine, died Sunday night. He was 73. Lane, a longtime commercial real-estate 
broker, had battled cancer for more than two years, according to a statement Monday afternoon from The Lane Report, an online and monthly print magazine of business news. 
He made his first run for public office in 
2004, when he was elected to represent the 12th District on the council. He took office in 2005 and had been re-elected to two-year terms ever since. 
Lane is survived by daughters Susan Brett 
Lane and Katherine Meredith Lane, who were with him when he died, according to The Lane Report. 
‘‘The staff is saddened by the passing of an 
amazing man, but it is lessened by how we marvel at the legacy Ed Lane leaves,’’ said Mark Green, editorial director of Lane Com-munications Group. 
‘‘His energy, his intelligence, his enthu-
siasm, his optimism and concern for his fam-ily, community and the nation will be missed but will continue to influence us. He was a true leader. The man had enthusiasm for life.’’ 
Mayor Jim Gray issued a statement: ‘‘Not 
only was Ed highly successful in his own business, he was an outstanding public serv-ant who brought his business experience and expertise to City Hall to fight for Lexington’s business men and women. He also was a strong advocate for his district. Our city will miss his leadership and experi-ence.’’ 
Sen. Mitch McConnell said he ‘‘was sad-
dened to hear of the passing of my good friend Ed Lane. Ed was a dedicated public servant and a tireless advocate for the people of Kentucky. He was also a successful busi-nessman and publisher. I always enjoyed reading the Lane Report, a great publication for and about Kentucky’s business commu-nity, especially Ed’s engaging ‘One-on-One’ interviews.’’ 
Councilman Bill Farmer Jr. said Lane’s 
knowledge about real estate proved valuable whenever the council considered whether to buy property. 
‘‘He could make or break any land deal,’’ 
Farmer said. ‘‘He could sit and go through the numbers at the microphone, off the top of his head, about what the overhead would be, how much something would cost, what the cost would be per square foot. . . . He could look at any deal like that and criticize it or laud it, and immediately you would go, ‘Yep, that’s it and why.’’’ 
That talent for finances made Lane a 
strong member of the council, former Mayor Jim Newberry said. 
‘‘His financial acumen was way above aver-
age,’’ Newberry said. ‘‘He was really helpful when it came to budget issues or the pension problems, or whether or not we ought to refi-nance bonds.’’ 
He said Lane also was ‘‘a fun person to be 
around’’ and they became good friends. 
‘‘Ed just had a personality that I would 
characterize as delightful,’’ Newberry said. He ‘‘had a good sense of humor, didn’t get too worked up about things, certainly didn’t take himself or what he was doing too seri-ously. . . . He gave a lot to the community and had so much more to give.’’ 
Lane was born in Nashville and graduated 
from the University of Georgia. 
After college, he worked for a major adver-
tising agency in New York for a couple of years, according to The Lane Report website. He later moved to Atlanta, where he was sales manager for WRNG radio and was president of the Atlanta Young Republicans. 
He also got into the commercial real-es-
tate business, which led to a job as national director of real estate for Lexington-based Jerrico in its Atlanta regional office, The Lane Report said. Lane came to Lexington regularly as he scouted new locations for the 
company, and he was involved in many site acquisitions for Long John Silver’s Seafood Shoppes nationwide. 
In 1981, Lane started the Lexington-based 
commercial real-estate brokerage Lane Con-sultants and, later, Lane Communications Group, publisher of The Lane Report. 
Running a magazine is ‘‘a risk that very 
few people have been able to be successful in,’’ but Lane ‘‘did it terrifically well,’’ said Jim Host, founder of Host Communications and former Kentucky secretary of com-merce. 
‘‘It ended up kind of being the official busi-
ness magazine of the state,’’ he said. 
Host said Lane was kind, insightful and 
had a non-threatening demeanor during interviews ‘‘but also really got to the core of what he was trying to communicate.’’ 
‘‘I admired the dickens out of him,’’ Host 
said. 
Former councilman Doug Martin said he 
and Lane were from opposite ends of the po-litical spectrum, but they enjoyed breaking bread together in a restaurant or at Lane’s home. 
‘‘He was a fine chef,’’ said Martin, who sat 
next to Lane in the council chambers from 2009 to 2013. ‘‘He was always very proud of coming up with some great concoction or some great recipe or some great ingredient that he’d found. He would have pots of herbs and fish and seasonings, and it would all just kind of stew together, and it would end up in this fabulous presentation.’’ 
Services will be at 7 p.m. Aug. 15 at Kerr 
Brothers Funeral Home on Harrodsburg Road. Visitation will begin at 6 p.m. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JIM RUTLEDGE 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
rise to recognize and congratulate a distinguished Kentuckian who is close-ly associated with the Common-wealth’s most famous product. Jim Rutledge, the master distiller of Four Roses Bourbon, has announced his re-tirement from that position effective September 1, 2015. 
Jim is in his 49th year working in the 
bourbon business, and has been the master distiller at Four Roses since 1995. As master distiller, Jim is in charge of perfecting each Four Roses bottle. He oversees every stage of the distillation process and oversees the character, quality and consistency of each barrel. 
Jim began his career in the distilled 
spirits industry with Seagram’s Louis-ville Research & Development oper-ation in 1966. He was transferred to the Four Roses distillery in Lawrenceburg, as the Kentucky area manager, in 1994 and then named master distiller in 1995. In 1998, Jim received Seagram’s top award, the Mel Griffin Quality Award for North America, and in 2001, Jim was indicted into the inaugural class of the Kentucky Bourbon Hall of Fame. 
In 2007, Jim received the Lifetime 
Achievement Award from Malt Advo-cate Magazine, and in 2008, the leading liquor industry publication, Whisky Magazine, named him the Ambassador of the Year for American Whiskies as part of their annual Icons of Whisky Awards. Jim was also inducted into Whisky Magazine’s Hall of Fame in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05AU6.065 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6365 August 5, 2015 
2013. He was only the second American 
inducted into this elite group. 
Jim was also active with the Ken-
tucky Distillers Association board of directors for 13 years, and served as chairman of the internationally at-tended Kentucky Bourbon Festival for 7 of the 9 years he was on the board. The Kentucky Bourbon Festival is a 6- day event that takes place in Bardstown, KY. 
Jim graduated from the University of 
Louisville with a BSC in marketing and a minor in chemistry. Let me add that not only did Jim and I both attend the University of Louisville, we are also fraternity brothers. 
In retirement, Jim hopes to stay in-
volved with bourbon and the distilled spirits industry. I suspect he will also get to spend more time with his wife Beverly Anne, as well as his children Dennis, Deborah, Cynthia, and Doralee, and his grandchildren. 
Jim will be missed as the face of 
Four Roses Bourbon but I know the en-tire distilled spirits industry in Ken-tucky joins me in recognizing his life-time of accomplishment and wishing him the best in retirement. I want to wish congratulations again to Jim Rut-ledge for his many successes in the world of bourbon. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DANIELLE BLAKENEY 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I 
rise to pay tribute to an honored Ken-tuckian who is bringing home Olympic gold. Danielle Blakeney of Erlanger is a rhythmic gymnast who has won three gold medals at the 2015 Special Olym-pics World Games in Los Angeles. 
Danielle won the gold medal in the 
ball routine competition. She also won gold in all-around rhythmic gym-nastics, and was part of the gold medal-winning team in the group ball competition. 
Danielle also won a silver medal in 
the ribbon competition, a bronze medal in the clubs competition, and placed fifth in the hoop competition. 
Danielle is 24 years old and a grad-
uate of Boone County High School. She is one of six Kentucky athletes com-peting in this year’s Special Olympics, among 7,000 athletes representing 177 countries. 
Danielle is no stranger to winning 
medals. She is competing in her second Special Olympics World Games. In ad-dition to winning the all-around gold medal in rhythmic gymnastics at the 2011 Games in Athens, Greece, she won two golds, a silver and a bronze in indi-vidual events at that games as well. 
The mission of the Special Olympics 
is to provide year-round sports training and athletic competition in a variety of Olympic-type sports for children and adults with intellectual disabilities, giving them the opportunity to see the power of sport change lives. The first Special Olympics Games was held in 1968 in Chicago, and saw a thousand people with intellectual disabilities from 26 States and Canada participate. Today, Danielle Blakeney and her 
fellow athletes are the inheritors of that legacy. I want to congratulate Danielle for her many athletic achieve-ments. She truly makes Kentucky proud and we are pleased she will be bringing her medals home to the Blue-grass State. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE ANNIVER-
SARIES OF SOCIAL SECURITY, MEDICARE, AND MEDICAID 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I rise today 
to recognize the respective anniver-saries of three of the most important programs for American seniors: Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid. 
On August 14, 1935, President Frank-
lin D. Roosevelt signed the Social Se-curity Act into law. Among other things, this bill created the Social Se-curity Program and made a promise to all Americans: that if you work hard, contribute, and play by the rules, you can retire and live in dignity. 
Before Social Security, more than 50 
percent of older Americans in this country lived in poverty. Many of these seniors worked hard their entire lives but became dependent on others and often had to beg for basic necessities, such as food, shelter, and medical care. ‘‘Poverty-ridden old age’’ was a press-ing national concern both for seniors and younger Americans, who wondered if their years of hard work would pro-vide enough for them to survive in their old age. 
Today, less than 9 percent of seniors 
live in poverty. This significant de-crease in poverty among seniors is a di-rect result of Social Security and the secure retirement it provides. 
As we approach the program’s 80th 
anniversary, Social Security is the most successful program in American history, and its trust fund contains suf-ficient assets to fully fund all promised benefits for almost 20 years. Yet, not-withstanding its success, Social Secu-rity remains deeply controversial among many Republicans and super-wealthy Americans, who are com-mitted to weakening and ultimately destroying the program. 
Just 10 years ago, President George 
W. Bush tried to privatize Social Secu-rity, which would have forced deep cuts to guaranteed benefits and a massive increase in debt. More recently, several leading Republicans have called for de-laying the retirement age and cutting benefits. I have strongly opposed all these proposals to break our promises to seniors, and I will continue to do so. 
On July 30, 1965, President Lyndon B. 
Johnson expanded our Nation’s com-mitment to seniors by signing into law the Social Security Amendments of 1965—the legislation that created Medi-care. For 50 years, this program has helped millions of American seniors live longer, healthier lives and has also provided them with the peace-of-mind and economic security that comes with having comprehensive health coverage. 
I remember what it was like for sen-
iors who became sick or injured before Medicare was enacted. In fact, Medi-
care was implemented during my ten-ure on the board of trustees for the Southern Nevada Memorial Hospital, now the University Medical Center of Southern Nevada. Prior to Medicare, 40 percent of seniors who came into that hospital were required to have a signa-ture from a friend or relative who agreed to be responsible for their med-ical bill if they could not pay. If the pa-tient could not produce a signature, they were turned away. Nationwide, nearly half of all seniors age 65 and older were uninsured, and if you were fortunate enough to have health insur-ance, you paid more than 50 percent of the cost out-of-pocket. That is how bad it was for seniors. Today, 98 percent of all seniors are insured and can go to the hospital or see their doctor when they need care. This program has truly been a lifeline for millions of seniors throughout the country. 
And let us not forget about Medicaid, 
which was also created under the So-cial Security Amendments of 1965. Medicaid provides health care and long-term services to 16 million low-in-come seniors and individuals with dis-abilities. Medicaid pays for services that Medicare does not cover. It en-sures that low-income seniors and indi-
viduals with disabilities have access to a wide variety of services. These op-tions often allow them to remain in their communities rather than relo-cating to nursing homes. 
I have long worked to protect and 
strengthen Medicare and Medicaid for the millions of seniors and younger Americans who depend on these bene-fits. In 2010, I proudly cast my vote in support of the Affordable Care Act, which is strengthening Medicare and working to keep seniors’ hard-earned savings in their own pockets. Since this law was enacted, millions of sen-iors throughout the country have saved more than $15 billion dollars on their prescription drug costs and the pro-gram’s solvency has been extended for 13 years. The Affordable Care Act has also given States the option of expand-ing their Medicaid Programs so that more low-income Americans can access the care they need. 
Sadly, Republicans have repeatedly 
attacked and tried to eliminate Medi-care and Medicaid, just as they have done with Social Security. Throughout the last 50 years, they have tried to privatize Medicare, convert Medicaid into a block grant program, and cut benefits for both programs. Now, they have set their sights on the Affordable Care Act, with repeated challenges to the law before the courts, more than 50 votes to repeal or undermine the law, and Republican Governors turning back millions of Federal dollars to ex-pand their Medicaid Programs and ex-pand access to health care in their States. Republicans are determined to destroy effective health care programs in spite of all the good they have done, but my Democratic colleagues and I will continue to work to prevent this from happening. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05AU6.077 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6366 August 5, 2015 
As President Roosevelt signed the 
Social Security Act into law 80 years ago, he said, ‘‘Today, a hope of many years’ standing is in large part fulfilled . . . We have tried to frame a law which will give some measure of pro-tection to the average citizen and to his family against the loss of a job and against poverty-ridden old age.’’ Simi-larly, five decades ago President John-son declared, ‘‘No longer will Ameri-cans be denied the healing miracle of modern medicine. No longer will illness crush and destroy the savings that they have so carefully put away over a lifetime so that they might enjoy dig-nity in their later years.’’ Let us re-main mindful of these words and the 
promise that our country has made to seniors as we commemorate the 80th anniversary of Social Security and the 50th anniversary of Medicare and Med-icaid. I am committed—just as Presi-dent Roosevelt and President Johnson were decades ago—to giving Americans the health and economic security they need, deserve, and have earned. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 20TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE UNITED LABOR AGENCY OF NEVADA 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I rise today 
to recognize the 20th anniversary of the United Labor Agency of Nevada. 
Since it was established in a joint 
venture with United Way of Southern Nevada and Nevada State AFL–CIO in 1995, the United Labor Agency of Ne-vada, ULAN, has been assisting Nevada families who are experiencing unex-pected crises. Whether it be job loss or a medical emergency, ULAN provides individuals and families throughout our community with assistance so they may have access to vital resources, such as housing and nutrition, during their time of need. ULAN also offers guidance to those battling hardship to prepare plans for long-term self-suffi-ciency and financial stability. These imperative services have made a last-ing impact on Nevadans, and the bene-fits of ULAN’s services are felt across the Silver State. 
ULAN began as a small dream, with 
only Audrey Arnold and $30,000 to help the community. Under Ms. Arnold’s steadfast leadership, ULAN has grown into a $2 million organization. Today, Ms. Arnold and her dedicated staff and volunteers are now able to provide a one-stop shop for those experiencing hardship. By offering immediate hous-ing, nutrition, job outreach, and finan-cial counseling services, the organiza-tion works to prevent financial situa-tions from becoming worse and helps individuals and families transition to living within their means on a new re-duced income through federal pro-grams and other resources. This two- pronged approach has had a remark-able effect on countless families over the past 20 years. 
I applaud ULAN on their decades of 
dedicated public service and extend my best wishes for much continued suc-cess. WOOD DALE AND GRAYSLAKE, 
ILLINOIS STORMS 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, once 
again, Illinois communities are assess-ing damage from severe storms. A con-firmed tornado along with heavy winds, hail, and lightning moved through the Chicago area on Sunday leaving a path of damage in several communities. 
The city of Wood Dale was hit Sun-
day afternoon during the last day of its Prairie Fest, an annual 4-day festival with rides, food, and music. Due to the storm, rides were stopped and orga-nizers tried to evacuate. But the storm approached too quickly, and its winds knocked down the festival’s main tent where many people had gathered to take shelter. 
Twenty people were hurt and, trag-
ically, Steven Nincic was killed. He was at the festival with his wife and two young daughters. Our thoughts and prayers are with Steven Nincic’s fam-ily, as they are with those who were in-jured by the storm. I spoke this morn-ing with Wood Dale’s Mayor Nunzio Pulice, and I know he is leading the community through this loss. 
Severe weather continued through-
out the day in the Chicago area. Chi-cago’s Lollapalooza music festival evacuated its festival grounds at Grant Park before its scheduled closing. Mayor Emanuel and I also spoke this morning. He is working to assess the damage and help residents clean up and recover from the damage. 
My office is also in touch with Mayor 
Rhett Taylor of the Village of Grayslake, Mayor Kristina Kovarik with Village of Gurnee, and Illinois Representative Sam Yingling. These communities are hurting in the after-math of Sunday’s terrible storms that brought winds at 60 miles an hour and golf ball-sized hail. 
A tornado touched down in 
Grayslake, ripping the roof off the high school and damaging several other buildings and homes. These storms also toppled power lines and trees, making several roads in the area impassable. Crews are working to clean up debris and restore electricity. Over 16,000 peo-ple were left without power this morn-ing. Thankfully, no injuries were re-ported as a result of the Grayslake storms. 
Along with other members of the Illi-
nois congressional delegation, I stand ready to help in any way I can as the people in Dale Wood and Grayslake begin the clean-up and recovery from this weekend’s deadly storms. 
The State of Illinois has sustained 
extensive damage and managed clean-up costs following a number of severe storms already this year. I stand ready to support any request for Federal dis-aster aid, including the Governor’s re-quest today for FEMA’s assistance with damage assessments in downstate communities still recovering from ear-lier storms. COMPOUNDED PHARMACEUTICALS 
IN THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, we all 
know the Department of Defense’s record with bungled acquisitions that led to $500 hammers and $7,000 coffee makers. The Pentagon has a tough time keeping up with unscrupulous contractors who have figured out how to get rich on the taxpayer’s dime, and unfortunately I have learned of yet an-other example of this. 
Several dozen pharmacies around the 
country specialize in compound phar-maceuticals. These are drugs that are combinations of two or more prescrip-tion medications. Many of these phar-macies are on the up-and-up, helping people, and our servicemembers, re-cover from illnesses or wounds. But a good number of these compounding pharmacies have linked up with high- pressure salesmen and disreputable physicians to scam the Department of Defense out of as much as $1.2 billion in taxpayer money in this year alone. 
The sales pitch went like this. A U.S. 
servicemember, a military retiree, or their spouse might get a phone call at home asking whether a TRICARE bene-ficiary is suffering from pain. The tele-marketer might ask a few simple ques-tions, get a little bit of personal infor-mation, and suddenly, weeks later, pre-scription creams would start showing 
up in the mail. In other cases, a food truck may pull up in front of a mili-tary base. If a servicemember wanted a hot dog, he or she could listen to a pitch about compounded pharma-ceuticals and sign a piece of paper. In many cases, that servicemember had no idea they were signing up for an ex-pensive prescription that might have no medical value. These sneaky mar-keters would pass personal information on to doctors, often hundreds or thou-sands of miles away, who would then write prescription after prescription, never having seen the patient. 
These ointments and creams were 
then custom made by a compounding pharmacy, and the bill was sent to the Department of Defense. According to health officials in the Department of Defense, one of these pain creams had a value of about $150 each. But the De-fense Health Program was billed more than $9,000 each. This scam has added up to big dollars. In 2004, the Depart-ment of Defense spent just $5 million on compound pharmaceuticals. By 2014, as these efforts began to ramp up, the total rose to $514 million. In April of 2015, just 1 month alone, the bill to the Pentagon was nearly $500 million. DOD says the total cost of compound phar-maceuticals for this fiscal year could be as much as $1.2 billion. 
What is tragic about this waste of 
money is that it could have been pre-vented. In 2013, the Pentagon consid-ered policy changes it could make to the approval process for compound pharmaceuticals. DOD officials came under heavy pressure, both from Mem-bers of Congress and from some of these companies, not to move forward. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05AU6.078 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6367 August 5, 2015 
This pressure continued right up 
through March of this year. 
Finally, in May, the Department of 
Defense was able to institute a screen-ing procedure to get at this problem. And the costs charged to TRICARE have dropped dramatically—down to $10 million per month. 
Let me repeat that. The Department 
paid $500 million for compound drugs in April. The Department changed its ap-proval process, and it now pays $10 mil-lion a month for compound drugs. I met with Assistant Secretary for Health Affairs Dr. Jonathan Woodson about this. He is confident that this safeguard—and others—will protect the taxpayer in the future. Regrettably, in this case, the horse ran out of the barn and cost the American taxpayer $1.2 billion before anyone could stop these scams. But no one can escape the long arm of the law forever. The Depart-ment of Justice has opened more than 100 criminal investigations, and $60 million has been recovered so far. The DOD has suspended 26 providers for wrongdoing, and identified 71 individ-uals or entities who are believed to be associated with these scheme. 
As vice chairman of the Defense Ap-
propriations Subcommittee, working with Chairman C
OCHRAN , we have the 
responsibility to look after how the Pentagon is spending its funds. I bring this episode to light because there are many lessons to be learned about the need to demand a bureaucracy agile enough to catch profiteers and about the ways that congressional oversight can hamper enforcement rather than encourage it. I hope my colleagues takes those lesson to heart. 
I will also say that T
HAD COCHRAN  
and I will continue to root out these incidents wherever they occur and work in partnership with the depart-ment to provide for our servicemem-bers in ways faithful to the taxpayer. 
f 
RECOGNIZING WENDY 
WERTHEIMER 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I want 
to acknowledge Wendy Wertheimer, an outstanding Federal employee who has spent decades working to advance the domestic and international HIV/AIDS research effort. Wendy is about to com-plete nearly 30 years of Federal service that began in the Senate and is now coming to an end at the National Insti-tutes of Health. 
Like many bright young people in 
Washington, Wendy began her career right here in the U.S. Senate, working for Senator Jacob Javits. Later she joined the legislative staff of what was then called the Senate Labor and Human Resources Committee, led by Chairman Edward Kennedy and Rank-ing Member Jacob Javits. Wendy’s first assignment was the Venereal Diseases Control Act, which many on staff saw as a form of hazing for a new, young staff member. But Wendy was person-ally connected to the issue. Her grand-father had been the chair of Derma-tology and Syphilology at a hospital in Pittsburgh and had conducted early clinical studies of syphilis. She em-
braced the assignment, and the bill passed with bipartisan support. It was the first bill Wendy had ever worked on—she was off to a good start. 
In 1979, the American Social Health 
Association established the first advo-cacy group for venereal disease control and research, and Wendy was offered a job as its director of government af-fairs. After hearing the news, Wendy’s mother was horrified and told her she will never get another date because ev-eryone will assume that she has a vene-real disease. Wendy accepted the job anyway and became the first venereal disease, or VD, advocate in Wash-ington. She was a pioneer in the field and began working on a number of new education and research training pro-grams, including the National VD Hot-line. 
On June 5, 1981, the first cases of 
what we now know as AIDS were re-ported by the Centers for Disease Con-trol and Prevention. By the end of 1981, five to six new cases of the disease were being reported each week and an epi-demic of fear was breaking out. The American Social Health Association became one of the first organizations to advocate bringing attention to this disease, and Wendy found herself on the frontlines combatting the HIV/ AIDS pandemic. In 1991, she was re-cruited by the NIH to help establish the Office of Research on Women’s Health. And since 1992, Wendy has been the senior advisor, responsible for plan-ning, policy, legislation and commu-nications at the Office of AIDS Re-search at the NIH. 
It is hard to imagine, but when 
Wendy Wertheimer began at the NIH, an AIDS diagnosis meant a sure and agonizing death. We have come a long way since the disease was first re-ported, and in many ways progress on HIV/AIDS is one of the most remark-able success stories in the history of biomedical research. Wendy Wertheimer shares in this success and the research accomplishments that led to lifesaving treatments and a hopeful future about what more can be achieved. 
For more than two decades, Wendy 
has worked with Dr. Jack Whitescarver—the longest serving di-rector at the Office of AIDS Research at NIH—who is also retiring this year. And here is what he said: 
We have made critical and even breath-
taking progress in AIDS research against many odds. We have been challenged to con-front and address stigma, homophobia, racial disparities, and criticisms of the AIDS re-search investment. We have come a long way, but the AIDS pandemic is far from over and remains a threat to global populations. Any declaration that the end is near is pre-mature, inaccurate, and perilous to progress against the pandemic. 
He is right. Being HIV-positive is not 
the death sentence it once was, but the battle is far from over. And although Dr. Whitescarver and Wendy Wertheimer are retiring, the fight goes on, and the work continues. I want to thank them for all they have done and all they will do to combat this terrible disease. They have set a high bar for 
the dedicated public servants who fol-low them. 
I will close with this. I strongly be-
lieve in the role of public service to create change and make a difference. Wendy Wertheimer’s years of service reflect these values. I am honored to congratulate her on a job well done, and I am lucky to count her as a friend. 
f 
REMEMBERING YOSHI 
KATSUMURA 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, last 
Sunday, the legendary chef Yoshi Katsumura passed away after a battle with cancer. 
You would never guess that a 15- 
minute walk from Wrigley Field, where hot dogs and beer reign supreme, would take you to a place bringing together the foods of Tokyo, Paris, Lyon, and Chicago. But that is what Yoshi built at the quiet, unassuming place known simply as Yoshi’s Cafe ´. Honored by his 
peers for the past 30 years of exquisite food preparation, Yoshi was a master of his art. 
Yoshi was born in Japan’s Ibaraki 
Prefecture—a region on the main is-land of Japan—in 1950. At the age of 20, he apprenticed under another leg-endary chef, Hiroyuki Sakai in Tokyo. Through Sakai, Yoshi began learning the complexities of French cooking. 
In 1973, Yoshi ventured to Chicago, 
where he quickly advanced in fine French culinary arts. He studied under Chicago’s first celebrity chef, Jean Banchet, at Le Francais. Yoshi would go on to refine his skills in Paris and Lyon, and he returned to Chicago as a chef and partner at the city’s premier French fusion restaurant, Jimmy’s Place. In 1982, Yoshi opened his own restaurant with his wife Nobuko, Yoshi’s Place. 
For more than three decades, Yoshi’s 
Cafe´has won the hearts and stomachs 
of Chicago and the country. Yoshi’s has been featured on the Food Network and listed among ‘‘America’s Top Tables’’ by Conde Nast’s Gourmet magazine. His fusion of cultures brought diners to North Halsted Street for dishes like Hamachi tartare and the Wagyu burg-er. 
If you look closely for a sign next to 
Yoshi’s Cafe ´, you will find that Aldine 
Avenue east of Halsted is designated ‘‘Yoshi Katsumura Way.’’ His way was creating wonderful food for his commu-nity and making it a better place. He served on the Northalsted Business Al-liance board and organized charitable events, including Hurricane Sandy re-lief and aid for victims of the 2011 Jap-anese tsunami. And he always took the time to talk to his customers. 
Loretta and I love Yoshi’s. I once 
showed up at the restaurant on a Mon-day evening, forgetting it was closed. Stranded on the corner, trying to de-cide where to go, I heard someone call my name. It was Yoshi, who lived 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:37 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05AU6.073 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6368 August 5, 2015 
above the restaurant, calling down to 
me and offering to fix a meal for me on his day off. That was the moment when service became friendship and I came to know the goodness of this man. 
Yoshi was indeed a special kind of 
man. His last message was to keep Yoshi’s Cafe ´going. He will be missed. 
Loretta and I send our prayers and thoughts to his wife, Nobuko; his daughter, Mari; his son, Ken; his broth-er Kazuhiro Katsumura; and grandson Hiro. 
f 
JUDICIAL NOMINATIONS 
Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, we began 
this year with a new Republican major-ity in the Senate promising to govern responsibly. Unfortunately, this prom-ise has so far proven hollow. Beginning with the shameful treatment of the nomination of Loretta Lynch to be At-torney General, the Republican leader-ship has used excuse after excuse to keep the Senate from voting on those nominated to serve in our justice sys-tem. 
It took 4 months for the Republican 
majority to schedule a vote on a single judicial nomination. So far this year, the Republican-controlled Senate has allowed confirmation votes on just five judicial nominees. The slow trickle of confirmations is a dereliction of the Senate’s constitutional duty to provide advice and consent on judicial nomi-nees. Since the beginning of this year, the number of Federal court vacancies deemed to be ‘‘judicial emergencies’’ by the nonpartisan Administrative Of-fice of the U.S. Courts has increased by 158 percent. There are now 31 judicial emergency vacancies that are affecting communities across the country. Many are concerned that this obstruction threatens the functioning of our inde-pendent judiciary, as Juan Williams re-cently pointed out. I ask unanimous consent that his column in The Hill ti-tled ‘‘The GOP’s judicial log jam’’ be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There is a different way to lead. 
Similar to the balance of power today, in the last 2 years of the George W. Bush administration the Democrats were in control of the Senate. And by this time in 2007, when I was chairman of the Judiciary Committee, we had confirmed 26 judges. In contrast, this Congress, the Republican majority has confirmed just five judicial nominees appointed by President Obama. That is more than five times more judges con-firmed under a Democratic majority with a President of the opposite party than today’s Senate Republican major-ity. 
The delay and obstruction is occur-
ring even though all 14 of the current judicial nominees pending on the Exec-utive Calendar have bipartisan support and were voted out of the Judiciary Committee by voice vote. 
These nominees are highly qualified 
and deserve better treatment from Sen-ate Republicans. Of great concern is the treatment of Judge Luis Felipe Restrepo, who will fill an emergency 
vacancy on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit in Pennsylvania. Judge Restrepo was unanimously con-firmed 2 years ago by the Senate to serve as a district court judge. I have heard no objection to his nomination. Yet it took 7 months just to get him a hearing in the Judiciary Committee. 
He has strong bipartisan support 
from the two Pennsylvania Senators, and was voted out of the Judiciary Committee unanimously by voice vote. Once confirmed, Judge Restrepo will be the first Hispanic judge from Pennsyl-vania to ever serve on this court and only the second Hispanic judge to serve on the Third Circuit. He has the strong 
endorsement of the nonpartisan His-panic National Bar Association, HNBA. At his hearing in June, Senator T
OOMEY stated that ‘‘there is no ques-
tion [Judge Restrepo] is a very well qualified candidate to serve on the Third Circuit’’ and underscored the fact that he recommended Judge Restrepo to the White House. Senator T
OOMEY then described Judge 
Restrepo’s life story as ‘‘an American Dream story’’ recounting how Judge Restrepo, born in Medellı ´n, Colombia, 
came to the United States, became a U.S. citizen, and rose to the very top of his profession by ‘‘virtue of his hard work, his intellect, his integrity.’’ 
Given his remarkable credentials, re-
cent Senate confirmation, and strong bipartisan support, you would think this Chamber would have confirmed Judge Restrepo months ago. No Senate Democrat opposes a vote on his nomi-nation. Senate Republicans are the only thing holding up his nomination. I know Senator T
OOMEY can be a fierce 
advocate for issues he cares passion-ately about, and I hope he will get a firm commitment from the majority leader on a date for a vote on his con-firmation. The continued delay on such a qualified judicial nominee is a poor reflection on this body. I ask unani-mous consent that a recent column by Carl Tobias in the Pittsburgh Tribune- Review titled ‘‘Confirm Judge Restrepo’’ also be printed in the R
ECORD . 
Another eminently qualified nominee 
who is also strongly supported by the HNBA is Armando Bonilla. Mr. Bonilla has been nominated to serve on the U.S. Court of Federal Claims, and would be the first Hispanic judge to hold a seat on that court. Mr. Bonilla has spent his entire career—now span-ning over two decades—as an attorney for the Department of Justice. He was hired out of law school in the Depart-ment’s prestigious Honors Program, and has risen to become the Associate Deputy Attorney General in the De-partment. Despite these outstanding credentials, the junior Senator from Arkansas objected to a request to vote on his nomination, along with any of the four other nominations to the Court of Federal Claims. These CFC nominees have been waiting for more than 10 months for a vote, and were twice voted out of the Judiciary Com-
mittee unanimously by voice vote. 
Those who serve in this body under-
stand that no one Senator can stop a judicial nominee from being confirmed. One Senator can stop a unanimous con-sent agreement, but not a vote. The delay and obstruction of the 14 judicial nominees pending on the Executive Calendar, including Judge Restrepo and Mr. Bonilla, is at the hands of the Republican leadership and in the hands of the other Republican Senators, who have allowed their leadership to delay these accomplished jurists and prosecu-tors, even when it hurts their own con-stituents. 
Republican leadership can still re-
verse course and lead responsibly. Al-though they have only allowed 5 judi-cial nominees to be confirmed this year, they can make immediate progress by moving to confirm the 14 nominees pending on the Executive Calendar. They should schedule a vote for outstanding nominees like Judge Restrepo and Mr. Bonilla. They should schedule a vote for the pending judicial nominees from Missouri, California, New York, and Tennessee. 
In the last 2 years of President 
Bush’s tenure, the Democratic major-ity moved 68 district and circuit judges through the process to confirmation. In the last 2 years of President Reagan’s tenure, a Democratic majority con-firmed 85 judges. Let us go back to treating the Federal judiciary like the coequal branch that it is and hold con-firmation votes on the nominees before us. There is no reason for the double standard based on who is in the major-ity. We made it clear we would not do that with President Reagan and Presi-dent Bush. We should uphold the same standard for President Obama. 
I hope that we return to the regular 
order that existed for the nominees of past administrations and clear the Sen-ate Executive Calendar of consensus nominations before the upcoming re-cess. The time to act on the 14 con-sensus judicial nominations pending before the full is Senate is now. 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the Hill, July 27, 2015] 
THEGOP’ SJUDICIAL LOGJAM  
(By Juan Williams) 
As the hot Washington summer approaches 
August, the Senate’s Republican majority is already on vacation from the work of con-firming judges. At the current torpid pace, they will put the lowest number of judges on the federal bench in any year since 1969. 
Do you think this crashed system for fill-
ing the federal bench has anything to do with the GOP Senate majority’s distaste for the liberal in the White House—even if he was chosen by the American people twice as their president and given the constitutional authority to nominate judges? 
Yes, this involves a heavy dose of simple 
obstruction by the GOP. Keep in mind that if it were not for Republican judges blocking President Obama’s executive order on immi-gration, the GOP would have already lost that fight. So in a politically polarized na-tion, Republicans have reason to keep an eye on the partisan make-up of the courts. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:37 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05AU6.063 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6369 August 5, 2015 
That is just one of the many political 
backroom plots being played out in the Sen-ate over control of the nation’s courts. 
The game begins with GOP payback for the 
Democrats having changed the filibuster rules in 2013 to allow confirmation with a simple majority vote. That ‘‘nuclear option’’ broke the GOP hold on judicial nominations while Democrats still held the majority and cleared the way for 96 judges to take their seats. 
Now the GOP holds the Senate majority 
and Republicans have slammed the lid on new judges from Obama. This makes judicial nominations a valuable point of leverage in future negotiations with the White House over budget issues, regulation and more. 
And with a presidential election next year, 
the GOP hopes to soon have a president of its own sending over nominations, beginning January 2017. Then, there is the reality that four of the five current Supreme Court jus-tices are over the age of 75—including Jus-tice Anthony Kennedy, the ‘‘swing vote.’’ Re-publicans have little incentive to allow Obama to put more Democrats throughout the nation’s judiciary. 
The extreme Republican anger at the fed-
eral courts is already a big issue in the 2016 presidential race. Last week, Sen. Ted Cruz (R–Texas), chairman of the Judiciary Com-mittee’s oversight panel for the federal courts, held a hearing titled: ‘‘With Preju-dice: Supreme Court Activism and Possible Solutions.’’ He called the hearing to show the depths of his upset with the recent deci-sions to uphold ObamaCare and grant same- sex couples the right to marry. 
Cruz, a former Supreme Court law clerk, 
used the hearing to trash a court with a ma-jority of five conservatives, led by a conserv-ative—Chief Justice John Roberts—and by all measures a strongly conservative record in rulings on guns, campaign spending, and blocking Environmental Protection Agency regulation of airborne chemicals. 
As a candidate for the GOP’s 2016 presi-
dential nomination, Cruz knows the high court’s standing among Republican voters is low. After the ObamaCare and gay marriage decisions, only 18 percent of Republicans told Gallup last week that they approve of the court. Cruz set the tone for his hearing by saying he wanted to review ‘‘options the American people have to rein in judicial tyr-anny.’’ 
Sen. Cruz is a fan of extreme action to deal 
with this ‘‘tyranny.’’ He is proposing having Supreme Court justices stand for retention election every eight years. 
Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee, an-
other candidate for the GOP presidential nomination, favors term limits. 
Sen. Jeff Sessions (R–Ala.) declared during 
the hearing that the current court has a ‘‘foreign, unhistorical approach to law.’’ 
Between the Senate Republicans’ success 
at clogging the judicial appointment process and the burst of harsh rhetoric, there is a growing risk of a serious erosion of the pub-lic trust in the nation’s judicial system. 
Obama also is playing the dangerous game. He has not nominated anyone to fill 47 of 
the 63 open seats on the federal bench. No doubt he feels it would be a waste of time to keep pushing good money—in this case judi-cial nominees—down a hole. The president does have seven judicial nominees before the Senate and three would help with the judi-cial emergencies. 
For both liberals and conservatives, the 
current roadblock has consequences. Accord-ing to www.uscourts.gov, 28 federal courts have now declared ‘‘judicial emergencies’’ because they lack enough judges to hear pending cases. 
Earlier this month, the Senate confirmed 
its fifth federal judge for the year, Kara Stoll. The current Senate is so far behind 
they have not reached the half-way point to match the previous record low for confirma-tions, 12, set in President Obama’s first year in office. 
The number of judges confirmed during 
President George W. Bush’s second term, higher than the current rate for Obama, is still less than the number of judges con-firmed in the final two years of Presidents Reagan and Clinton. 
But now that Republicans are in charge, 
the Bush record looks generous. 
‘‘It’s ridiculous,’’ said Sen. Patrick Leahy 
(D–Vt.). He chaired the Senate Judiciary Committee with the Democrats in the major-ity. ‘‘They are trying to politicize the courts. And it’s irresponsible. I refused to do it with President Reagan. I refused to do that with President [George W.] Bush.’’ 
Can the Senate expect better results with 
a President Hillary Clinton or President Ber-nie Sanders? How about President Jeb Bush or President Donald Trump? Most likely it will be more of the same—a continuing loss of the bipartisan trust and respect that once made America’s courts the gold standard of justice for the world. 
[From Pittsburgh Tribune-Review, July 30, 
2015] 
CONFIRM JUDGE RESTREPO  
(By Carl Tobias) 
Today, as in 2007, a Pennsylvania federal 
district court judge’s unopposed nomination to the Third Circuit requires a final vote in a Senate the president’s party does not con-trol. On March 15, 2007, a Democrat Senate confirmed President George W. Bush’s nomi-nation of Pittsburgh District Judge Thomas Hardiman one week after his Judiciary Com-mittee approval. 
This precedent is one reason Senate Major-
ity Leader Mitch McConnell, R–Ky., must schedule an immediate vote on Judge Luis Felipe Restrepo’s nomination, which the committee approved on July 9. Restrepo would fill one of 28 vacancies the courts have declared judicial emergencies. 
President Obama nominated the experi-
enced, uncontroversial jurist in November on the strong bipartisan recommendation of Pennsylvania Sens. Bob Casey (D) and Pat Toomey (R). Moreover, on July 1, Third Cir-cuit Judge Marjorie Rendell assumed senior status. This means that Judge Hardiman is one of six active Pennsylvania members on the court, which experiences two vacancies in 14 positions. 
Toomey’s spokesperson says that the sen-
ator has spoken directly with McConnell ‘‘to emphasize the importance of getting Judge Restrepo confirmed’’ but did not indicate Toomey urged a prompt vote. As Senate Mi-nority Leader Harry Reid, D–Nev., said on July 7, if Toomey simply asked ‘‘to confirm Judge Restrepo immediately, (I’m confident) we could confirm Judge Restrepo to the Third Circuit next week.’’ 
Obama has consulted with Casey and 
Toomey, who have cooperated in helping to fill one Pennsylvania Third Circuit seat and 14 district court posts since 2011. They have carefully reviewed applicants and proposed excellent individuals whom Obama usually nominates. 
However, the Senate slowly processes 
nominees. Most critical have been Repub-lican delays of floor votes. For example, be-tween November 2013 and late March 2014, the Eastern District faced seven openings. The many prolonged vacancies have slowed federal court litigation, requiring people and businesses to wait interminably for case res-olution. 
Casey and Toomey suggested Restrepo for 
the Eastern District, and the Senate ap-proved him on a June 2013 voice vote. Each 
assumed credit for proposing Restrepo’s Third Circuit nomination in November press releases. Toomey exclaimed that Restrepo would ‘‘make a superb addition to the Third Circuit,’’ but the legislator retained his ‘‘blue slip’’—which permits a nominee to pro-ceed—from Nov. 12 until May 14, even though Casey submitted his in November. The ju-rist’s June 10 hearing was long overdue. 
At his hearing, Restrepo comprehensively 
and candidly answered questions and sen-ators appeared satisfied. For example, Sen. Thom Tillis, R–N.C., who chaired the hear-ing, observed that Restrepo has been re-versed only twice. 
McConnell has not publicly stated when he 
would arrange a floor debate and vote. How-ever, on June 4, he suggested he might not allow ballots for more Obama circuit nomi-nees, although he did finally accord Kara Farnandez Stoll, a Federal Circuit candidate who had waited 10 weeks, July floor consid-eration. 
The Third Circuit needs all its members to 
deliver justice, and Restrepo has languished over eight months. The Senate must confirm him before the August recess. 
f 
NOMINATION OBJECTION 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I in-
tend to object to any unanimous con-sent request at the present time relat-ing to the appointment of Bradley Duane Arsenault, of FL; Bret Thomas Campbell, of TX; Karen Stone Exel, of CA; Gloria Jean Garland, of CA; Mi-chael H. Hryshchyshyn, Jr., of VA; Ying X. Hsu, of CA; Stephen S. Kelley, of VA; Mary Catherine Leherr, of VA; Denise G. Manning, of VA; Paul Karlis Markovs, of MI; Scott Currie McNiven, of AZ; Hanh Ngoc Nguyen, of CA; Denise Frances O’Toole, of ME; Marisol E. Perez, of NJ; Ronald F. Savage, of NM; Adam P. Schmidt, of CT; Anna Toness, of TX; Michael J. Torreano, of FL; Nicholas John Vivio, of DC; Jamshed Zuberi, of CA as Foreign Service Officer Class Two, Consular Of-ficer and Secretary in the Diplomatic Service of the United States of Amer-ica. 
I will object because, in addition to 
the multiple inquiries I have made that are still unanswered, I sent another letter to the State Department today and the Department has failed to con-firm receipt, yet again. In addition, my staff placed multiple phone calls to De-partment personnel to inquire as to the status of the most recent letter. De-partment personnel have failed even to return phone calls. 
I warned the Department that if they 
failed to change their ways that I would be forced to escalate the scope of my intent to object to unanimous con-sent requests by including Foreign Service officer candidates. My objec-
tion is not intended to question the credentials of the individuals up for ap-pointment. However, the Department must recognize that it has an obliga-tion to respond to congressional inquir-ies in a timely and reasonable manner. 
f 
APPROPRIATIONS 
Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, this 
month the Senate Appropriations Com-mittee completed its work on 12 bills 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:04 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05AU6.076 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6370 August 5, 2015 
to fund the government for fiscal year 
2016, which begins October 1, 2015. 
I congratulate Chairman C OCHRAN  
and his subcommittee chairs for a full and open process. They worked hand in hand with me and my ranking Demo-cratic members. But their bills are based on the postsequester levels of the Republican budget resolution. The bills reported by the committee are too spartan to meet the needs of the Amer-ican people. 
The difference between the Repub-
lican budget and the President’s budget request is $74 billion. That is a lot. But even with that increase, the discre-tionary top line will be equal to what we spent in 2010, 6 years ago. 
I would like to talk about one exam-
ple of the real impact of the Repub-lican sequester level budget—failing our veterans. 
Veterans deserve promises made and 
promises kept. Instead, the Senate fis-cal year 2016 Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies bill is at least $857 million short of what is needed for veteran health care. And the House is even worse, at least $1.4 billion below what is needed. At those levels, about 70,000 fewer vet-erans will receive medical care. 
Despite record demand for services, 
our veterans are still waiting to get ap-pointments at hospitals and clinics. In fact, the electronic wait list has grown by almost 10,000 over the past 2 months. Sequester will result in waitlists growing exponentially. 
Sequester budgeting for veterans’ 
medical care means almost 150,000 vet-erans living with hepatitis C will be in limbo, not receiving new, lifesaving drugs. 
It is not just care that is short-
changed. Sequester budgeting means hospitals and clinics continue to dete-riorate. The VA has identified between $10 billion and $12 billion of backlogged code violations and deficiencies at hos-pitals and clinics across the country. In fiscal year 2013, the VA spent $1.3 billion repairing clinics, but for fiscal year 2016 the Republican bills cut fund-ing in half, even as the backlog grows. 
Yesterday, the Republican leader 
stated that he did not want a govern-ment shutdown. Encouragingly, he added, ‘‘At some point we’ll negotiate 
the way forward.’’ 
Democrats are ready. Since May, we 
have been asking to negotiate to elimi-nate sequester with a sequel to Mur-ray-Ryan. The only way we will have shutdown, showdown, and government by self-made crisis is if the Republican majority refuses to send the President bills he can sign and instead sends bills that are too spartan or contain poison pill riders like prohibiting funding for Planned Parenthood or signature ini-tiatives like the Affordable Care Act and climate pollution rules. 
Whether it is funding our troops or 
keeping our promises to veterans, we can’t do it without a new budget deal. Freezing Federal spending doesn’t meet the growing, complex needs of the Nation. None of us were elected to make 
America weaker. Yet sequester makes us weaker and sequester hollows out America. 
America deserves better, but we need 
a new budget deal to do it. Democrats are ready to get serious and get to the table. We need to end sequester for de-fense with no more gimmicks and end sequester for programs not funded in the defense bill that protect our coun-try and make it great. 
f 
DRIVE ACT 
Ms. BALDWIN. Mr. President last 
week the Senate passed a multiyear surface transportation bill, the Devel-oping a Reliable and Innovative Vision for the Economy Act, H.R. 22, referred to as the DRIVE Act. I was pleased to vote for this bipartisan bill. For the first time in 3 years, the Senate has passed a long-term surface transpor-tation bill. Unfortunately, the House adjourned before taking up our bipar-tisan legislation—forcing the Senate to pass a short-term funding patch, the 34th since 2009. 
I am disappointed that we were not 
able to get the long-term bill to the President’s desk. However, I believe the Senate has laid the groundwork to make the most recent short-term ex-tension the last for the next few years. I look forward to working with my col-leagues in both houses of Congress to complete a long-term bill before the October 29 deadline, and I expect the DRIVE Act to be the baseline for those efforts. 
While the DRIVE Act’s most impor-
tant feature is that it provides cer-tainty to construction firms and state governments to invest in rebuilding our crumbling roads and bridges, it also includes several provisions to im-prove the way we move goods and peo-ple across our nation. In the last few years, I have become very concerned with the way one particular good— Bakken oil—moves through the coun-try. The fiery explosions that accom-pany Bakken oil train derailments have many in Wisconsin rightfully con-cerned as we have unwittingly become one of the most traveled oil train routes in the country. 
The DRIVE Act includes a rail safety 
bill that was added thanks to the lead-ership of Senate Commerce Committee Chairman T
HUNE , Ranking Member 
NELSON , and Senators B OOKER and 
WICKER . I was pleased that the bipar-
tisan bill that passed out of committee included provisions to require a rail-road liability study and comprehensive oil spill response plans. These provi-sions were similar to what is included in the Crude-by-Rail Safety Act, on which I worked closely with Senator C
ANTWELL to introduce. 
While the liability study and oilspill 
response plans are steps in the right di-rection, as the bill moved to the Senate floor, I believed we needed to do more to improve rail infrastructure, trans-parency, and first responder prepared-ness. That is why I was pleased to work 
with Environment and Public Works Ranking Member B
ARBARA BOXER , 
Commerce, Science, & Transportation Committee Chairman J
OHNTHUNE and 
Ranking Member B ILLNELSON as well 
as Majority Leader M ITCH MCCONNELL  
to include two sections in the bill that passed the Senate on July 30. I was able to add these sections to the sub-
stitute amendment, No. 2266, that was adopted on July 29, 2015, and the provi-sions were included in the final version of the bill that passed the Senate. 
The first section, section 35416, would 
require that the Federal Railroad Ad-ministration keep on file the most re-cent bridge inspection report prepared by a private railroad bridge owner and provide that report to appropriate state and local officials upon request. This allows State and local officials who are responsible for public infra-structure integrity and public safety to have access to information they need to keep the public safe. The substance of this section is also contained in amendment 2538. 
The second section, section 35431, ad-
dresses concerns raised by the first re-sponder community who have had to fight for access to real-time informa-tion about hazmat trains entering their jurisdictions. Firefighters want to know in advance when hazmat trains will arrive in order to better pre-pare and keep their communities safe. The substance of this section is also contained in amendment 2539. 
The section modified the bill’s origi-
nal language that only required real- time hazmat train information to go to Department of Homeland Security Fu-sion Centers. The centers would then provide the information to local first responders only in the event of an acci-dent, when it is less useful. My provi-sion requires fusion centers to provide the real-time information to State and local first responders at least 12 hours prior to a hazmat train arriving in their jurisdiction. The transmission must also include the best estimate of the train’s arrival. 
I believe these two sections signifi-
cantly improve transparency and safe-ty in communities along oil train routes. This is also a significant achievement for state and local organi-zations, who are often powerless to take action against federally regulated railroads—despite being responsible for any problems they cause. In closing, I again would like to thank Senators M
CCONNELL , T HUNE , N ELSON , B OXER , 
and I NHOFE for their leadership on this 
legislation. And I pledge to work with my colleagues in the House and Senate to pass a long-term surface transpor-tation bill in the next three months. 
f 
50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE 
VOTING RIGHTS ACT OF 1965 
Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, today 
marks the 50th anniversary of one of the most important civil rights bills we have ever come together as a nation to pass: the Voting Rights Act of 1965. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:37 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05AU6.053 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6371 August 5, 2015 
I am proud to commemorate this an-
niversary as the Senator for Maryland. Marylanders have a rich history of bat-tling discrimination, going back to the darkest days of slavery. The brilliant Frederick Douglass was the voice of the voiceless in the struggle against slavery. The courageous Harriet Tub-man delivered 300 slaves to freedom on her Underground Railroad. And the great Thurgood Marshall went from ar-guing Brown v. Board of Education to serving as a Supreme Court Justice. All were Marylanders. 
Not just Marylanders but civil rights 
leaders and activists from all over this country fought hard for the right to vote. Over 600 people marched from Selma to Montgomery. They were stopped and beaten but not defeated. These brave men and women continued to march, continued to fight until they got the right to vote. They had to chal-lenge the establishment and to say ‘‘now’’ when others told them to ‘‘wait’’. 
Their fight and their struggle cul-
minated in the passage of the Voting Rights Act. This legislation guaranteed one of our most important civil rights and reflected one of our most funda-mental values: that all men and women have the right to vote. 
The struggle to truly fulfill this fun-
damental value—this fundamental right—is far from over. There are too many neighborhoods in this country, particularly in minority communities, that are the target of voter intimida-tion, barriers to access, and ever- changing requirements. 
The Supreme Court’s decision in 
Shelby County v. Holder only made this problem worse by stripping the Federal Government of its ability to protect voters from this kind of dis-enfranchisement—whether it was the old-fashioned kind or the new-fash-ioned kind. 
The fight for equal access to the bal-
lot continues today, and like those who came before us, we cannot take ‘‘no’’ for an answer. We must ensure that any and all undue barriers to participa-tion in our democracy are broken down. We must restore the protections of the Voting Rights Act that were struck down by the Supreme Court so that the promise of the right to vote is extended to all men and women. 
So while we look back proudly on the 
passage of the Voting Rights Act, we must recognize that the need for its protections is as great today as it was 50 years ago. The words of Justice Thurgood Marshall still ring true: 
‘‘I wish I could say that racism and 
prejudice were only distant memories. We must dissent from the indifference. We must dissent from the apathy. We must dissent from the fear, the hatred and the mistrust. . . . We must dissent because America can do better, because America has no choice but to do bet-ter.’’ 
Today marks an important milestone 
in our history. As we come together to celebrate this anniversary, we must come together to defend the rights that 
this legislation was enacted to protect because if discrimination of any kind exists anywhere in America, we can and we must do better. 
f 
REMEMBERING RICHARD 
SCHWEIKER 
Mr. CASEY. Mr. President. I rise 
today to remember Richard Schweiker, who passed away on July 31, 2015. Con-gressman, Senator, and Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services Dick Schweiker honorably served his country in public office for more than two decades. Prior to his years of government service, he served his country in the Navy during World War II. 
As a Congressman from Pennsylva-
nia’s 13th District, he was the coauthor of a House Armed Services Committee proposal to end the military draft and make service voluntary and sponsored legislation to allow the government to give extra money to military service personnel if they showed they could re-duce expenses. He also supported the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the Voting Rights Act of 1965 along with legisla-tion that created the Medicare and Medicaid Programs. 
As a Senator, he served on the Labor 
and Human Resources Committee, eventually becoming its ranking mem-ber. This committee is now known as the Health, Education, Labor and Pen-sions Committee on which I serve. Sen-ator Schweiker was a strong supporter of public health initiatives, including the National Diabetes Mellitus Re-search and Education Act that author-ized the National Commission on Dia-betes to put together a plan to fight this disease. Dick Schweiker also worked to achieve compromise. In a 2000 Associated Press interview, he commented on that approach: 
I was a World War II veteran. Our primary 
objective was to get things done and solve problems. The partisanship and heated rhet-oric that have taken over the political land-scape wasn’t always in vogue. 
Dick Schweiker decided not to run 
for reelection in 1980 and worked to help elect Ronald Reagan that Novem-ber. After the election, President Reagan appointed Schweiker as the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services. While in that po-sition, he set up the Medicare prospec-tive payment system in an effort to re-duce costs rather than leaving them open-ended. He also continued to sup-port funding for medical research and protected funding for the Head Start early childhood education program. He stepped down as Secretary in 1983. At that time, Senator Ted Kennedy said the following: 
Dick Schweiker has been a good friend and 
colleague for many years. As secretary of HHS, he has too often been a lonely voice of compassion and humanity. 
After leaving public service, Dick 
Schweiker spent 11 years as president of the American Council of Life Insur-ance before retiring. Today, we remem-
ber and thank Dick Schweiker for his service to Pennsylvania and the Na-tion. We send our thoughts and prayers to his family. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 70TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF THE END OF WORLD WAR II 
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, on Au-
gust 14, 1945, World War II came to an end. The official ceremony aboard the battleship USS Missouri 2 weeks later was brief, barely 18 minutes long. The low-key nature of the event stood in stark contrast to the unprecedented horror and violence of the preceding years, years in which the fate of civili-zation itself hung in the balance. I rise today to express our Nation’s gratitude to all veterans of the Army, Navy, Air Force, Marines, Coast Guard, and Mer-chant Marine for their service and sac-rifice seven decades ago. 
It is said that crisis builds character. 
For an entire generation of Americans, crisis did not build character; it re-vealed it. With the perfect hindsight history books provide, the Second World War can seem today to be a se-ries of events that followed an inevi-table course from Pearl Harbor to Nor-mandy to Iwo Jima to the deck of the Battleship Missouri. Yet those who were there, those who made that his-tory, know that the outcome was far from certain. All that stood between humanity and the abyss of tyranny was their courage, their faith, and their de-votion to duty. 
As the war began, the United States 
was not a rich or powerful country. We had only the 17th largest army in the world. Our industries were still strug-gling to overcome a decade of economic depression. With two great oceans as a buffer, many Americans thought the answer to aggression was isolationism. 
Yet when the crisis came, Americans 
responded. More than 16 million Amer-ican men put on the uniforms of our Armed Forces. More than 400,000 died wearing those uniforms. Thousands of American women also put on the uni-form, serving—and dying—in field hos-pitals and in such dangerous work as ferrying aircraft from production plant to airfield. They rolled up their sleeves and turned the factories of a peacetime economy into the arsenal of democ-racy. Throughout the country, Ameri-cans of all ages worked and saved and rationed and sacrificed as never before. Families planted victory gardens—20 million of them, producing 40 percent of the Nation’s vegetables in backyards and on rooftops. Two out of every three citizens put money into war bonds. 
The people of Maine were part of this 
great endeavor. Some 80,000 Mainers served in World War II, more than any previous war. More than 2,500 laid their lives upon the altar of freedom. 
I have had the honor of meeting 
many of Maine’s heroes. Edward Dahl-gren of Perham—just a few miles from my hometown of Caribou—fought his 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:04 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05AU6.079 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6372 August 5, 2015 
way through Italy, France, and Ger-
many, and received the Medal of Honor for his astonishing rescue of a trapped American platoon. Charles Shay, a member of the Penobscot Nation, was among the first wave ashore at Omaha Beach and the first Native American to be awarded the Legion of Honor Medal, France’s highest tribute. Bert Skinner of Belfast answered the call for volun-teers for the extremely dangerous mis-sion of serving behind enemy lines with Merrill’s Marauders in Burma. Through his uncommon service to his commu-nity and to his fellow veterans, Galen Cole of Bangor has kept the promise he made to himself on a battlefield in Ger-many in early 1945. 
Maine women served with distinc-
tion. Patricia Chadwick Ericson of Houlton stepped forward to serve as a Women’s Airforce Service Pilot, or WASP, flying newly built aircraft from the factories to combat zones. Mary Therese Nelson of Indian Island was the first Native American woman from Maine to enlist in the Marine Corps. Each of the stories of the men and women from Maine are unique. Yet they are united by valor and devotion to duty. 
On the homefront, Maine was on the 
frontlines. Eighty-two destroyers were built at Bath Iron Works during the war, more than the entire Japanese output. The South Portland shipyard launched 274 Liberty ships that carried troops and arms overseas. More than 70 submarines were built at the Ports-mouth Naval Shipyard in Kittery, with 3 of those vital warships launched on the same day. 
Maine’s seafaring heritage contrib-
uted greatly to the Merchant Marine, and at least 60 Mainers lost their lives to enemy attack. The Coast Guard and the Civil Air Patrol protected our shores against Nazi U-boats and sabo-teurs. 
These men and women did not come 
from a society steeped in militarism and the lust for conquest. Whether they came from our cities, farms or fishing villages of Maine, they came from places that desired peace and that cherished freedom. When the crisis came, the American character bound the ‘‘greatest generation’’ together in a great common cause on behalf of hu-manity. 
I am fortunate to be a daughter of 
that generation. One of my earliest childhood memories is going with my father to the Memorial Day parade in our hometown. He hoisted me high above his head and from the best van-tage point along the route—my father’s shoulders—I saw hats go off and hands go over hearts as Caribou paid its re-spects to our flag and honored our vet-erans. Some Memorial Days, my father would wear his Army jacket to the pa-rade. As a child, I thought it was just an old jacket. Only as an adult did I learn the price he had paid for it. 
Donald Collins enlisted in the Re-
serve Corps as a college freshman in November of 1943 and was called to Ac-tive Duty in the U.S. Army before the 
year’s end. He saw action in the Euro-pean theater and fought at the Battle of the Bulge. He earned the Combat In-fantry Badge, two Purple Hearts, and the Bronze Star. Sergeant Collins was discharged in January of 1946. 
Then he did what truly distinguishes 
the men and women of America’s Armed Forces. He came home, grate-fully and modestly. He never talked much about his sacrifice and the hard-ships of war. Instead, he worked hard raising six children, running a busi-ness, serving as Scout leader, Rotarian, mayor, and State senator. 
From the strong shoulders of those 
like him who defended our freedom, all Americans learn about commitment, service, and patriotism. We learn that the burden of service must be borne willingly. We learn that challenges must be met and threats must be con-fronted. We learn that the mantle of hero must be worn with humility. It is because of the quiet courage of those who serve our country that we take those lessons to heart and resolve to pass them on to the generations to come. On this 70th anniversary of vic-tory in World War II, let us recommit ourselves to the spirit that guided our Nation through its darkest days and that lights our way into the future. 
Mr. KING. Mr. President, this month, 
70 years ago, the greatest crisis of the 20th century came to an end. Lasting 6 full years and involving participants from over 30 countries, World War II was the most widespread and dev-astating war in human history. Amer-ica’s isolation from this dreadful con-flict abruptly ended when, on the morning of December 7, 1941, our Na-tion came under sudden and deliberate attack. In less than 2 hours, thousands of lives were lost as bombs fell across the island of Oahu and that quiet Sun-day morning quickly turned into a ter-rible scene of violence and horror. 
But the attacks on Pearl Harbor did 
not break the American spirit. In this darkest of moments, our country dis-covered a renewed sense of strength, courage and resiliency; qualities that define us. And, following the attack on Pearl Harbor, American forces joined the Allied Powers, fighting side-by-side against Nazi oppression in Europe and Japanese expansion in the Pacific. Six-teen million Americans bravely served in these two theaters of conflict, and it was through their patriotism and cour-age that freedom was able to triumph over tyranny. 
I also want to recognize Maine’s im-
portant role in the war effort. In north-ern Maine, Army airfields in Bangor, Presque Isle, and Houlton provided strategic air basing and training sites which facilitated the deployment of personnel and equipment overseas to the frontlines. And along the coast, where the Kennebec River meets the sea, Bath Iron Works established its reputation for producing the ‘‘best- built’’ destroyers in the world. The shipyard delivered a total of 83 new ships to the U.S. Navy—hitting a 2- 
year peak production of 21 ships a year 
or an average of 1 destroyer every 17 days. Bath-built ships survived the at-tack on Pearl Harbor, landed troops at Normandy, supported Marines at Iwo Jima, and sank Nazi U-boats in the At-lantic. Maine’s support to our Armed Forces during the war years was unpar-alleled in terms of dedication, scope, and impact. 
And, above all else, we must honor 
the immeasurable contributions of our servicemembers. As a State with one of the highest percentages of veterans per capita in the Nation, the war’s legacy resonates strongly in Maine. During World War II, nearly 80,000 Maine citi-zens served overseas. Their steadfast perseverance, patriotism, and bravery in the face of grave danger helped se-cure a better future for generations to come. 
On this 70th anniversary of World 
War II, we remember all the American and Allied servicemembers who bravely served on land, air, and sea; as well as those on the homefront providing for our warfighters. Their service and sac-rifices contributed to international peace and stability and ensured the continued promise of the freedoms we enjoy today. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ADA DEER 
Ms. BALDWIN. Mr. President, today 
I recognize and honor Ada Deer on the occasion of her 80th birthday. Through-out her life, Ada has been an effective advocate and leader whose trailblazing work has improved the lives of Native Americans, women, students and oth-ers in Wisconsin and across the Nation. The celebration of this milestone birthday is a special opportunity to celebrate her dedication to service and social engagement. 
Ada Deer was born on the Menominee 
Indian Reservation in Keshena, WI. She was the first Menominee to graduate from the University of Wisconsin-Madi-son and the first Native American to receive a masters of social work from Columbia University. 
She has been a champion for Indian 
rights throughout her remarkable ca-reer. When the Federal Government es-tablished a policy to terminate the sov-ereign status of tribes, the Menominee was among the first to go through the process of termination, and they suf-fered greatly under it. Ada organized a grassroots organization, Determination of Right and Unity for Menominee Shareholders, DRUMS, and fought suc-cessfully to restore Federal recognition of the Menominee tribe. Ada’s leader-ship led to her election as the first woman to chair the Menominee tribe in Wisconsin. 
She spent many years as a lecturer in 
the School of Social Work at the Uni-versity of Wisconsin-Madison, and also guided the university’s American In-dian Studies Department. Ada worked as a house director, community coordi-nator, school social worker, and pro-fessor. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05AU6.031 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6373 August 5, 2015 
In 1978, she became the first Native 
American to run for secretary of State in Wisconsin, and in 1992 she was the first Native American woman to run for Congress in Wisconsin. In 1993, Ada became the first Native American woman to head the Bureau of Indian Affairs. She subsequently served as Chair of the National Indian Gaming Commission. 
I am proud to call Ada a friend, and 
I am grateful for her lifelong leader-ship and commitment to social justice. Her vital work continues today, fo-cused on efforts to reduce the prison recidivism rate and create a reentry program for American Indians. Her lifetime of work, coupled with an en-during passion to instill in young peo-ple the drive to change their society through education and social engage-ment, shows what a determined person will continue to do—even when they have stated that they are ‘‘retired.’’ 
I wish Ada good health and happiness 
for many years to come. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO BRYCE 
LUCHTERHAND 
Ms. BALDWIN. Mr. President, today 
I honor Bryce Luchterhand on his re-tirement from Federal and public serv-ice. He has dedicated his career to im-proving the quality of life and the vi-tality of communities throughout the State of Wisconsin. The occasion of his retirement presents a special oppor-tunity to celebrate his dedication to public service and social justice. 
Bryce was born in Colby, WI, and 
raised on the Luchterhand family farm—a fixture in the local rural com-munity since 1902. He graduated from Colby High School and earned his bach-elor’s degree in secondary education broadfield social studies from North-land College in Ashland, WI. Growing up on a Wisconsin farm, Bryce was in-stilled with the values of hard work, love of the land, Central Wisconsin op-timism, and a sense for social justice that would serve him well throughout his career and life. 
In 1970 he started his lifelong path in 
public service as teacher of social stud-ies on the Navajo Indian Reservation at Many Farms High School in Many Farms, AZ, where he inspired and mentored the youth of the Navajo res-ervation. Working with the impover-ished youth of the Navajo reservation sparked within Bryce his passion for equal opportunity, creating bonds and lifelong friendships that became a foundation for his life of service. 
Throughout his public service career, 
Bryce has been guided by his love of the land. In 1973, Bryce took an oppor-tunity to return to Colby, WI, to buy a dairy farm next to the Luchterhand family farm. And with the same drive and determination that have become his trademark, he and his wife, Max, milked dairy cows and raised beef cows for the past 42 years, even developing a new breed of cow called a Gloucester Lineback. As a farmer, Bryce greets every season with the same grit and re-
solve he learned as a child in rural Wis-consin. However, the time of year he holds most dear is the maple syrup sea-son each spring. Bryce and Max spend many early mornings and late nights tending to the taps, boiling down the sap, and bottling one of Wisconsin’s treasures—Wisconsin maple syrup. Each bottle of Luchterhand maple syrup is a labor of love, and I have been honored to be among the select individ-uals to receive this special gift. 
Bryce’s years of public service are 
comprised of distinguished service on various boards, committees, and asso-ciations, often in roles as chairman or advisor. He is most proud of his roles as instructor for the Presidential Classroom in Washington, DC, execu-tive council member of Wisconsin Rural Partners, member of the Board of Directors for Wisconsin Farm Progress/Technology Days, as well as a founding and current member of 1000 Friends of Wisconsin, an organization dedicated to giving citizens a voice in land use planning. 
Bryce’s career in public service has 
also included serving the President of the United States, the Governor of Wis-consin and two U.S. Senators. He served as President Clinton’s Director of Rural Development for the State of Wisconsin for 8 years, helping to make critical economic and agricultural de-velopment investments in rural Wis-consin. He served as the director of Wisconsin Governor Jim Doyle’s north-ern office, serving residents of 40 coun-ties for 8 years, and as Senator Herb Kohl’s area representative for 2 years in 14 counties. As my Deputy State Di-rector of Outreach for the past 2 years, it was not uncommon for Bryce to travel in excess of 1,000 miles a week representing me at meetings and events in northern Wisconsin. Of course, these trips were made easier if you knew the ‘‘Luchterhand shortcuts’’ that often took Bryce snaking along the back county roads of northern Wis-consin, inevitably getting him to his destination quicker. In all of these ca-pacities, Bryce served the people of Wisconsin with distinction and honor. 
I am proud to call Bryce a friend and 
I am grateful that in choosing the path of public service, he has impacted countless people’s lives, changed com-munities for the better, and strength-ened rural communities of Wisconsin. In retirement, I wish Bryce and his wife Max all the best, including good health and happiness, for many years to come. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MARTY BEIL 
Ms. BALDWIN. Mr. President, today 
I recognize and honor Marty Beil of Madison, WI, for his 30 years of leader-ship as executive director of AFSCME Council 24. I have known Marty for many years, and have been proud to stand in solidarity with him. Marty has been a leader in the labor commu-nity, and his passion for the rights of working persons will be missed by all 
who have worked alongside him and who have benefited from his strong leadership. 
Marty began his professional life in 
service to his union as a member of the WSEU Professional Services Bar-gaining team in 1973. He continued his service as a member, leader and activ-ist in Council 24 until 1985, when he was appointed executive director. Through-out that time, Marty has been pas-sionate in his advocacy for the rights of working people, to the honor and value of public service, and to insuring that working people have a level play-ing field on which to compete. Marty has dedicated his career to protecting and serving his members in the collec-tive bargaining and political process, always with a sense of fairness and compassion. 
Marty’s work is exemplified by his 
long-term efforts in support of Amer-ican workers, the American labor movement, and those fighting for civil rights for all Americans. Among many other important priorities, he sup-ported the expansion of antidiscrimina-tion laws to protect the LGBT commu-nity, and defended workers from dis-crimination and retaliation for polit-ical activities. He was a staunch de-fender of labor’s right to back can-didates who made a commitment to support the goals and activities of union members regardless of partisan affiliation. His 30 years of service at the helm of Council 24 has inspired a new generation of workers to lead the union into the 21st century 
I am proud to call Marty a friend, 
and I am grateful for his important contributions to our State and the labor community. I know that his pas-sion and dedication, in the model of his forebears such as Roy Kubista and John Lawton will serve as a lasting ex-ample for generations of future labor leaders. I wish him all the best in his future endeavors. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
RECOGNIZING THE NEW JERSEY- 
INDIA RELATIONSHIP 
∑Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, I am 
honored to serve a State with one of 
the largest Indian American diasporas in the country. 
The Indian diaspora community in 
New Jersey is an active, vocal and en-gaged constituency whose contribu-tions to the State reach across all sec-tors. When given the opportunity, the very first caucus I joined in the Senate was the U.S.-India caucus. Soon after I joined the caucus, I had the oppor-tunity to meet Prime Minister Modi during his visit to the United States. His visit signaled a meaningful mo-ment in the relations between the United States and India. It became clearer that the oldest and newest de-mocracies can forge a transformational relationship to leverage the historic opportunities before us. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:37 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05AU6.049 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6374 August 5, 2015 
Together, the United States and 
India represent over one-fifth of the world’s population and share long-term strategic imperatives in the areas of energy efficiency and environmental sustainability, social and economic de-velopment, and regional and global se-curity that are rooted in our shared commitment to democratic ideals. President Obama has aptly referred to this relationship as the ‘‘defining part-nership of the 21st century.’’ As the United States pursues greater clean en-ergy production and sustainable manu-facturing here at home, we can and should take advantage of opportunities to further collaborate on techno-logically advanced clean energy solu-tions. 
Together, we can leverage both 
American and Indian assets to address the challenges both our countries face in job creation, social mobility, and clean energy. Prime Minister Modi has also emphasized the importance of sus-tainable growth and ensuring that di-versified, environmentally conscious energy sources are made accessible to all Indians. I am encouraged by Prime Minister Modi’s commitment to eco-nomic and social policies that not only invest in infrastructure but that also develop India’s human capacity. With half of its population under the age of 25 and a recent election that saw a 66- percent voter turnout, it is clear that India is set to harness the potential of its most valuable resource—its young people. 
In order to compete in a global econ-
omy, the United States and India must both expand opportunities for youth education and employment. By engag-ing private sector actors in our mutual development goals, I believe together we can address these challenges and turn them into opportunities for co-operation. 
As this partnership continues to 
grow, so will the benefits for both of our countries and for New Jersey. The Indian American population in New Jersey has grown by 73 percent in the past decade, and many Indian Ameri-cans serve our state as industry and community leaders. New Jersey is the No. 1 benefactor of Indian investment in job creation, with approximately 9,278 jobs and over $1 billion in invest-ment in a variety of sectors from telecom and technology to healthcare and manufacturing. 
As the Senate adjourns for the sum-
mer recess, I do not want to miss the opportunity to highlight India Day, which will be observed next week. India Day celebrates the rich history and legacy of India’s contributions to com-munities across the United States. 
On August 10, I will have the distinct 
honor and privilege to welcome Ambas-sador Singh to New Jersey. I look for-ward to working with Ambassador Singh as we partner together to foster investment opportunities, create col-laborations between our world-re-nowned higher education institutions, and cultivate platforms to facilitate volunteerism and giving. I look for-
ward to fostering the continued growth of the strong relationship between New Jersey and India. ∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING SARAH ANDERSON 
∑Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, it is 
with great sadness that I ask my col-leagues to join me in honoring the ex-traordinary life of Sarah Anderson, a beloved mother, wife, daughter, sister, friend, colleague, and passionate advo-cate for improving the health and lives of people throughout our country. Sarah passed away on July 28, 2015, at the age of 49. 
I met Sarah when she came to work 
on my first campaign for the U.S. Sen-ate. At the time, this impressive young Fort Collins, CO native was just a few years into her political career, having moved to Washington, DC, to work for Senator Tim Wirth right after grad-uating from the University of Colo-rado. 
Sarah was passionate about helping 
to elect women, and she wanted to be part of what turned out to be an his-toric 1992 election. With her wit, intel-ligence, talent, dedication, sense of humor, and ever-present twinkle in her piercing blue eyes, it was immediately clear to all of us that Sarah was spe-cial. 
However, one young campaign staff 
member named Matt Kagan seemed to notice all of Sarah’s unique gifts even more than anyone else. While working 20-hour days on our campaign, Sarah and Matt somehow managed to find time to fall in love. At the time, I would sometimes joke that while I was falling in the polls, they were falling in love. But the truth is, Matt and Sarah’s beautiful marriage and son were among the most important re-sults of that first campaign. Sarah and Matt always shared a fierce commit-ment to making the world a better place. 
For more than 25 years, Sarah 
worked tirelessly for the causes she be-lieved in—whether it was protecting the environment at the Sierra Club and the League of Conservation Voters; serving the people of Oregon and Cali-fornia as press secretary to Congress-woman Elizabeth Furse and Congress-woman L
ORETTA SANCHEZ ; or helping to 
prevent and stop pandemics as an As-sistant Dean at UCLA’s School of Pub-lic Health for nearly a decade. 
Sarah and Matt always managed to 
fill their homes—first in DC and then in California—with love, laughter, good conversation, and great food. But their most important addition happened 10 years ago when they joyfully welcomed their son, Spencer, into their lives. Whenever Spencer’s name was men-tioned, Sarah’s face always lit up with such pride and love, and there are no words to express how sorry I am for Spencer and Matt’s loss. I also want to extend my deepest condolences to Sarah’s entire family, especially her mother and stepfather, Sue and Ed Sparling; her sister, Jennifer Enright; 
and stepbrothers, Erik and Bret Spar-ling. 
Sarah, Matt, and Spencer will always 
be part of our extended family of Boxer staff members, all of whom join me today in mourning Sarah’s loss and celebrating her amazing legacy, which will always live on in the causes she championed, the friendships she forged, and the family she loved and lived for. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING VICE ADMIRAL 
THOMAS R. WESCHLER 
∑Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I wish to 
recognize the service of a fellow Penn-sylvanian, VADM Thomas R. Weschler, Retired, who served this country val-iantly for 3
1⁄2decades. Vice Admiral 
Weschler is one of the highest ranking Naval officers to come from Erie, PA, and I am profoundly grateful for his service to our Nation. 
Admiral Weschler began his service 
in 1940, following his graduation from the United States Naval Academy in 1939. He served on the USS WASP, CV– 7, in World War II, seeing combat in both the Mediterranean and the Pa-cific, including the invasion of Guadal-canal, and was onboard when the WASP was torpedoed by a Japanese submarine. 
Admiral Weschler would then go on 
to command the USS CLARENCE K. BRONSON in action during the Korean war. During the Vietnam war, he com-manded amphibious operations against Viet Cong forces in 1965 to 1966, during which time he was awarded the Legion of Merit. In 1966, Admiral Weschler be-came Commander Naval Support Ac-tivity, Danang Republic of Vietnam, and was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal. Following his service in Vietnam, he was awarded a Gold Star for his accomplishments in pioneering and developing the Spruance Class de-stroyer and the Virginia Class cruiser. 
In 1970, Vice Admiral Weschler as-
sumed command of Cruiser-Destroyer Flotilla TWO, and in 1971 he became Commander Cruiser-Destroyer Force, U.S. Atlantic Fleet. For both of these tours he was awarded a Gold Star. In 1973, he was selected for promotion to vice admiral and reported to Wash-ington for duty as Director for Logis-tics, Joint Staff, Office of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. Vice Admiral Weschler retired on June 30, 1975 as a three-star vice admiral following more than 34 years of service in the U.S. Navy. 
After his retirement from the Navy, 
he continued his service as a professor of Naval Operations at the United States War College, Newport, RI, for more than a decade. 
On August 28 and 29, 2015, Vice Admi-
ral Weschler will be honored for his service at the opening of the Hagen History Center in Erie, PA, where the Military Gallery will also be dedicated in his honor. I am proud to share in the celebration of Vice Admiral Weschler’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:37 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05AU6.074 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6375 August 5, 2015 
career, his meritorious conduct, his ex-
traordinary leadership, and his distin-guished and unwavering service to this great Nation. I extend my sincerest gratitude to Vice Admiral Weschler, a native son of Erie, PA, whom we are proud to call one of our own, and wish him and his family all the best in their future endeavors. ∑ 
f 
HURRICANE KATRINA 
∑Mr. COCHRAN. Mr. President, 10 
years ago, Hurricane Katrina came ashore on the Mississippi gulf coast with devastating force, inflicting bil-lions of dollars in property and per-sonal damages. It was amazing that more were not killed. 
The tragic loss of life and horrible 
property destruction shocked us all. Our recovery has required enormous dedication and determination, and thousands of Mississippians rose to that challenge. 
In the days, months, and years after 
the storm, Mississippians pitched in to help neighbors and strangers alike. The dedication and sacrifice of the Coast Guard, the National Guard and other first responders saved lives and helped enable the large-scale rebuilding that would follow. The resilience and hard work of the people, as well as the out-pouring of church and volunteer work-ers from across the State and Nation, made recovery possible. 
Over the past decade, State, local, 
and Federal elected officials have also aggressively promoted and assisted in the gulf coast’s recovery. But our re-covery is not yet complete. 
While the serious problems exposed 
by the Katrina recovery effort have been used to improve our national re-sponse to emergencies and natural dis-asters, work remains to be done to en-sure a full recovery in Mississippi and along the gulf coast. Unsustainable in-surance practices and overbearing Fed-eral regulations continue to hamper re-covery and economic development ef-forts. 
Those challenges, however, cannot 
diminish the pride I have in the people of Mississippi for exemplifying the strength, vision, and resilience nec-essary to ensure the cultural and eco-nomic vitality of our State. 
This August, we commemorate the 
decade since Hurricane Katrina claimed lives and left indelible marks on our State. Mr. President, 10 years after Katrina, I remain confident that we will continue to work together to rebuild Mississippi and to advocate for commonsense policies and intelligent investments that will ensure the con-tinued vitality of the Gulf Coast. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO WILLIAM P. GARDNER 
∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, as I have 
served Montana’s veterans and mili-tary members in Congress, I continue to be amazed and humbled by the in-credible stories of Montanans fighting for our country in all corners of the world. Montana is home to more vet-
erans per capita than almost any other State in the Nation, and tribal mem-bers enroll in the military at a higher rate than any other minority. I wish to recognize one of America’s heroes who exemplifies the best of Montana, who is also an enrolled Crow tribal member: William P. ‘‘Butch’’ Gardner. 
Mr. Gardner served our country dur-
ing the Vietnam war. This brave gen-tleman selflessly served for a number of years during the conflict before he was honorably discharged. Mr. Gard-ner’s commitment to service did not stop when he took off the uniform; in his community, he and a handful of other veterans serve as the color guard on the Crow Reservation. He continues to serve in the honor guard despite los-ing his leg to an amputation 2 years ago. His peers describe Mr. Gardner as the backbone to the color guard. 
Montanans are proud of our diverse 
heritage, and it is truly an honor to celebrate an individual who so humbly embody the spirit of patriotism. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING OUTSTANDING 
MONTANA TEENS 
∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I wish to 
recognize the work of the impressive Montana teens who attended the Fam-ily, Career and Community Leaders of America, FCCLA, STAR Event in Washington, DC. This group of young men and women made our State proud at their national conference, and brought home a combined 31 gold med-als, 26 silver medals, and 3 bronze med-als. 
Some of the standouts in the Mon-
tana FCCLA that I would like to recog-nize are Garrett Christiaens of Valier, MT, who was just made the new na-tional vice president of programs, and Mariah Pierce, Katlyn Gillen, and Loren Minnick—three Park High School students who not only took first place at the FCCLA State com-petition, but also went on to win gold medals at the national level. 
The Montana FCCLA has approxi-
mately 70 chapters across the State, and is part of the Family and Con-sumer Sciences curriculum offered in over 100 of Montana’s high schools. Members of these chapters actively work to make a difference in their fam-ilies, careers, and communities. I had the opportunity to meet a group of these students last month during their national conference, and I was im-pressed by their work ethic and dedica-tion to those around them. Their suc-cess at the National Leadership Con-ference affirms that they are indeed 
making a difference and demonstrates how Montana students can effectively rise to meet both local and national challenges. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 95TH ANNIVER-
SARY OF WOMEN’S EQUALITY DAY 
∑Mrs. GILLIBRAND. Mr. President, I 
rise today to speak in recognition of the 95th anniversary of the passage of 
the 19th Amendment of the U.S. Con-stitution, granting voting rights for women. I ask my colleagues to join me in marking August 26, known as Wom-en’s Equality Day, a significant land-mark in American history as we ac-knowledge, honor, and celebrate the vast and vital contributions that 
women have made to our country. 
Elizabeth Cady Stanton, Lucretia 
Mott, and other dedicated supporters for women’s equality convened the First Women’s Rights Convention on July 1848 in Seneca Falls, NY. They ad-vocated for the right to own property, protection from domestic violence, and other social reforms that promoted equality, including voting, and never wavered in that pursuit. Stanton wrote a Declaration of Sentiments that called for ‘‘all men and women’’ to be recognized as created equal under the law, thus beginning the 72-year strug-gle for suffrage that ended in 1920. 
Mr. President, 2015 is the bicenten-
nial year for Elizabeth Cady Stanton, who was born November 12, 1815, in Johnstown, NY. Celebrations of her ex-traordinary life are taking place throughout the year. Stanton met Susan B. Anthony in 1851, and they began a 50-year partnership advocating for suffrage and women’s equality; however, both women did not live to see the passage of the 19th Amend-ment. As the mother of seven children, Mrs. Stanton can be proud of the leg-acy she left to her descendants, one of whom is today spearheading a com-mittee tasked with placing a new stat-ue of these two amazing leaders in New York. They gave a voice to millions of women and changed history forever fol-lowing Anthony’s vow that ‘‘failure is impossible.’’ 
A unique crossroad of history resides 
at 77th and Central Park West in New York City with statues of two U.S. Presidents, Theodore Roosevelt astride a horse outside the American Museum of Natural History and Abraham Lin-coln who stands on the steps of the New-York Historical Society. Near Lincoln is a statue of abolitionist Fred-erick Douglass symbolically carrying books at a building that safeguards his-tory. I am pleased to announce that permission was granted in May 2015 for a suffragist statue to be installed at the West 77th Street entrance to Cen-tral Park. It will be the very first stat-ue of a woman in this park’s 160-year history. 
New York City park commissioner 
Mitchell J. Silver awarded this site for a statue of Elizabeth Cady Stanton and Susan B. Anthony, pioneering leaders of the women’s suffrage movement. In-cluded in the sculpture design are the names of many remarkable women in-strumental in the fight toward winning the vote. Its installation in September 2017 will coincide with New York State’s centennial of women’s voting rights. The New-York Historical Soci-ety announced that in the trans-formation of its fourth floor there 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:37 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05AU6.069 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6376 August 5, 2015 
would be a new Center for the Study of 
Women’s History that will present spe-cial exhibitions, as well as public and scholarly programs. 
Over 50 million visitors each year are 
welcomed to New York City, with over half reporting they spend time in Cen-tral Park. Placing the Stanton and An-thony statue at this highly visible lo-cale that resonates social justice will undoubtedly draw local residents and visitors of all nations to history les-sons that include the story of the equal rights and suffrage movements in America. 
I ask that we give tribute on August 
26, 2015, the 95th anniversary of the passage of the 19th Amendment, to the early suffragists who were steadfast in their pursuit of equality for all citi-zens, which is a sacred trust that we must continue to support today. ∑ 
f 
CONGRATULATING RAY HAGAR 
∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today, I 
wish to congratulate Ray Hagar on his retirement after decades of bringing Northern Nevada extraordinary news coverage. It gives me great pleasure to recognize Ray’s hard work and unwav-ering dedication to the local commu-nity and for showcasing journalistic in-tegrity and excellence to the Silver State. 
Ray is truly a role model to many in 
the local community, embodying the battle-born spirit of genuine loyalty, determination, and resilience. He is a fifth-generation Nevadan, bringing unique insight to an array of topics, es-pecially in his political coverage. Ray has spent time at several news outlets, including the Reno Evening Gazette and the Nevada State Journal, and most recently served as a member of the political team with the Reno Ga-zette Journal and as a regular host on Nevada’s most-watched political talk show, Nevada Newsmakers. His 15 years of political coverage with the Reno Gazette Journal brought Nevad-ans only the most accurate journalism. He is also the co-author of Johnson- Jeffries: Dateline Reno, a novel about the 1910 fight between Jack Johnson and Jim Jeffries and its effects on Ne-vada. His lengthy and extensive career touched the lives of many across the State, keeping residents up-to-date and knowledgeable on key topics. 
Ray always made sure to place him-
self in the middle of the action to gain a full understanding of what he was re-porting on. Even as a young boy grow-ing up, he was eager to be fully en-grossed in his surroundings. One story that Ray references as a good learning experience was during his football ca-reer with Bishop Manogue High School. It was 1969 and the Bishop Manogue High School Miners, coached by Christ Ault, were playing against Carson High School, my alma mater. The Miners were behind but were inside the 5-yard line with enough time to clench a final victory. At the time, Ray was playing offensive guard and was punched in the face by an opposing player. Ray retali-
ated, ultimately receiving a penalty that caused the Miners to lose the game and was kicked off the football team. Later that night, he turned up at Coach Ault’s home, asking for a second chance and continued on in the season. Though I am sure this was devastating at the time, it shows Ray’s sense of commitment and humility. 
Throughout his career, Ray was a 
true journalist, gaining insight from all sides to convey a thorough picture to his audience. If anything important was going on, you could always count on Ray to have an accurate story ready to share. I will never forget some of the stories that Ray reported on, especially his interaction with former New York Yankee manager, Billy Martin. If that doesn’t illustrate a sincere effort to get the real story, then I don’t know what does. I had the pleasure of working with Ray using an open-door policy and appreciate the relationship we built throughout the years. 
Ray left his footprint on Nevada 
journalism, a mark that will remain in the northern Nevada community for years to come. His legacy of thorough and fair coverage will never be forgot-ten. Surely, future political writers will have big shoes to fill after his in-credible career. 
Ray has demonstrated absolute dedi-
cation to excellent reporting, bringing Nevada politics outside of the walls of the legislature and Congress to audi-ences across the State. I am both hum-bled and honored by his hard work and am proud to call him a fellow Nevadan. Today, I ask all of my colleagues to join me in congratulating an upstand-ing Nevadan and friend, Ray Hagar, on his retirement. I give my deepest ap-preciation for all that he has done and offer him my best wishes for many suc-cessful and fulfilling years to come. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING DAVIDSON 
ACADEMY’S 10TH ANNIVERSARY 
∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today, I 
wish to recognize the 10th anniversary of Davidson Academy, an institution with a noble mission to support north-ern Nevada’s profoundly gifted stu-dents. I am proud to honor this institu-tion that has worked so hard to prepare Nevada’s youth for successful and posi-tive futures. 
Davidson Academy was established in 
2005 through State legislation, desig-nating the institution as a university school for gifted students. The acad-emy officially opened in fall of 2006 and is a free public school located on the University of Nevada, Reno, UNR, cam-pus. Students at both the middle school and high school levels attend the academy. Individual students de-velop a Personalized Learning Plan, which guides them through their aca-demic and personal goals and prepares them for their futures. Students are also able to participate in UNR courses as part of a dual enrollment agree-ment. The academy works to challenge its students and gives them a great op-
portunity to develop their knowledge 
and skills in an advanced environment. 
As a father of four children who at-
tended Nevada’s public schools, and as the husband of a life-long teacher, I un-derstand the important role that dif-ferent institutions play in enriching the lives of Nevada’s students. Ensur-ing that America’s youth are prepared to compete in the 21st century is crit-ical for the future of our country. Pro-foundly gifted students are often un-derserved and unfortunately, do not re-ceive the curriculum they need to excel. The State of Nevada is fortunate to have institutions like Davidson Academy available to support students with unique needs. 
I ask my colleagues and all Nevadans 
to join me in recognizing Davidson Academy on its 10th anniversary. This institution is truly dedicated to enrich-ing the lives of Nevada’s students, and I am honored to congratulate them on hitting an important milestone. I wish Davidson Academy well in all of its fu-ture endeavors and in creating greater opportunity for Nevada’s youth. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MIKE MCCARTHY 
∑Mr. KING. Mr. President, today I 
wish to recognize the hard work and dedication of Michael McCarthy, the principal of King Middle School in Portland, ME, who has served for 27 years and is moving on to a much de-served retirement. Mike has left a re-markable legacy and his hard work and dedication will continue to help Maine students for years to come. 
About one-fifth of King Middle 
School’s students speak a native lan-guage other than English, 28 different languages in all, and students at the school come from 17 countries. More than half of the student body qualifies for free or subsidized lunch. Such fac-tors can often contribute to poor aca-demic performance, and for many years, parents did not view King Mid-dle as a viable institution for their children. That view changed when Mike McCarthy took over 27 years ago. 
Mike possesses the qualities required 
of a strong leader. He is intelligent, but understands he may not always have the right answers, making him a good listener. He is dedicated to his students and faculty, and makes decisions that benefit the entire community. As a former teacher, Mike understands the classroom atmosphere and devotes his time to creating a positive learning en-vironment. Perhaps most importantly, Mike is willing to take risks. 
Under Mike’s leadership, King Middle 
School was one of the first schools in Maine to embrace 1:1 digital learning. This new approach helped to put tech-nology in the hands of his students and teachers, and helped to open doors and unlock new potential in and out of the classroom. Mike also had the courage to implement an innovative approach called the Expeditionary Learning model, through which groups of teach-ers and students work together on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:37 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05AU6.080 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6377 August 5, 2015 
hands-on projects that require them to 
have an understanding of many dif-ferent disciplines. He also has dem-onstrated the courage to do what he thought was right, even when decisions were controversial. His approach earned him the respect of the teachers and the entire school community, and it has helped turn King Middle School into a real success story. 
I cannot say enough good things 
about Mike and his impact on King Middle School, the city of Portland, and Maine education as a whole. When I recently convened a panel of Maine educators to share their perception on reauthorizing the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act, Mike brought his strong voice to the table. His has always been an invaluable perspective. Through his experience and input, edu-cators across Maine are better off as they work—just like Mike—to broaden their students’ horizons and prepare them for success in a rapidly changing world. ∑ 
f 
CELEBRATING THE ‘‘YEAR OF 
DAWES’’ 
∑Mr. KIRK. Mr. President, today I rec-
ognize former Illinois resident and Vice President of the United States, Charles Gates Dawes, in honor of the 150th an-niversary of his birth on August 27, 1865. Charles Dawes holds a special place in American history, devoting much of his life to public service, and today his memory lives on in Evans-ton, IL, the place where Dawes and his family called home for nearly 60 years. 
Serving as Vice President of the 
United States from 1925 to 1929 under President Calvin Coolidge, Dawes dis-tinguished himself in the service of his country on a national and inter-national scale. Dawes served as briga-dier general in charge of the American Expeditionary Force Office of Supply during World War I, where he led the Allied Supply Board and subsequently received medals for distinguished serv-ice from each of the Allied countries. On December 10, 1926, Dawes was awarded the 1925 Nobel Peace Prize for his work on the ‘‘Dawes Plan’’ that re-structured German reparation repay-ments following World War I and tem-porarily helped to restore balance to Europe, easing tensions between Ger-many and France. 
In addition to his work under the 
Coolidge administration, Dawes served four other U.S. Presidents in various offices that included Comptroller of the Currency, First Director of the Federal Bureau of the Budget, and President of the Reconstruction Fi-nance Corporation. Dawes also served as U.S. Ambassador to Great Britain, a position he held until 1931. As Ambas-sador, Dawes successfully helped to ne-gotiate treaties in international law and arms limitations. As the American delegate to the London Naval Con-ference in 1930, he specifically worked to broker an agreement between Japan, France, Italy, Great Britain, and the United States to limit the number of 
Navy war vessels and regulate sub-marine warfare. Dawes was also a dedi-cated humanitarian, who personally es-tablished and funded extensive net-works of food and housing for the homeless and less fortunate. 
Charles Dawes is also remembered for 
his contributions and service to his local community of Evanston, IL. Dawes owned an Evanston based utility business, and he and his extended fam-ily were a part of the fabric of the com-munity, attending local schools and participating in countless Evanston or-ganizations. In 1942, he arranged to be-queath his home to Northwestern Uni-versity and the broader Evanston com-munity for the conservation of its cul-tural history. Today the Dawes home serves as the headquarters of the Evanston History Center, which will be honoring the life of Charles Dawes and the 150th anniversary of his birth through its ‘‘Year of Dawes’’ celebra-tion. I commend the Evanston History Center for its dedication to educating the public on the remarkable life of Charles Dawes and preserving the Dawes family history for future gen-erations. 
I ask all my colleagues to join me in 
celebrating the ‘‘Year of Dawes’’ and honoring the 150th birthday anniver-sary of Charles Gates Dawes. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JAN THOMPSON 
∑Mr. KIRK. Mr. President, today I 
commemorate my constituent from Carbondale, IL, Ms. Jan Thompson, for her extraordinary work on behalf of American veterans. Ms. Thompson is a professor at Southern Illinois Univer-sity and the founder and president of the American Defenders of Bataan and Corregidor—ADBC—Memorial Society. On Sunday, July 19, 2015, Ms. Thomp-son and ADBC had the historic respon-sibility of being offered the first Japa-nese corporate apology for forced labor by American prisoners of war—POWS— during World War II. 
Over 900 American civilian and mili-
tary POWs were slave laborers in four mines owned by Mitsubishi Mining Company Ltd. during World War II. Ms. Thompson, whose organization rep-resents surviving POWs, their families, descendants, and researchers working on POW history, accepted on their be-half an apology offered by Mitsubishi Mining’s successor company, Mitsubishi Materials. 
Thompson’s father, Robert E. 
Thompson, was a Pharmacist’s Mate aboard the USS Canopus —AS–9—a sub-
marine tender moored in Manila Bay at the outbreak of the war on December 8, 1941. The tender was the only heavy ship left to service the submarines dur-ing the defense of the Philippines. The crew scuttled her the night before Ba-taan was surrendered on April 9, 1942 and escaped to fight on Corregidor Is-land. 
Robert Thompson attended to the 
wounded during the final month of the siege of Corregidor. Surrendering on 
May 6, 1942 in the face of great odds, he was assigned to the Bilibid Prison Hos-pital in Manila and survived the three ‘‘Hell ships’’ Oryoku Maru , Enoura 
Maru , and Brazil Maru . 
On July 19th, Mr. Hikaru Kimura, a 
Senior Corporate Executive of Mitsubishi Materials Corporation and Senior General Manager of Global Business Management at the Paint Finishing System Division of Taikisha Ltd delivered the apology at a cere-mony held at the Museum of Tolerance in Los Angeles. 
I applaud Mitsubishi Materials’ cour-
age and good corporate citizenship. I ask unanimous consent that the state-ment of Jan Thompson be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the mate-
rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
STATEMENT OF JAN THOMPSON , PRESIDENT , 
AMERICAN DEFENDERS OF BATAAN & COR -
REGIDOR MEMORIAL SOCIETY  
DELIVERED AT THE MUSEUM OF TOLERANCE  
SIMON WIESENTHAL CENTER —LOS ANGELES , CA, 
JULY 19 , 2015 
Thank you Rabbi [Abraham] Cooper for 
moderating today and for having the Mu-seum of Tolerance as the venue for today’s meeting. 
I thank [Ms.] Kinue Tokodome, Mr. 
[Hikaru] Kimura, Mr. [Yukio] Okamoto and the Mitsubishi Materials Corporation for in-viting me to be a witness to this extraor-dinary occasion. 
I have known Kinue for many years as a 
dear friend and an advocate for our former POWs. She has worked very hard over the years to bring all of us together today for this important event and she should be rec-ognized for her dedication and perseverance. 
I had three roles in the room: one role as 
a daughter of a former POW, Robert E. Thompson; another role as a filmmaker; and as President of the American Defenders of Bataan & Corregidor [ADBC] Memorial Soci-ety. 
Being a witness today is meaningful to me. Seventy years ago our countries were at 
war and we were enemies. Terrible things happen during war. Our 16th President, Abra-ham Lincoln stated ‘‘We cannot escape his-tory,’’ and perhaps Prime Minister [Shinzo] Abe was paying homage by saying at his re-cent address to Congress: ‘‘We cannot avert our eyes . . .’’ 
For some former POWs an apology is im-
portant and they are grateful. 
For others, the apology is 70 years too late. 
Unfortunately for those who have passed away [they] were not able to hear the mov-ing words of Mr. Kimura. 
The mission of the ADBC Memorial Soci-
ety is education and to preserve the legacy of those who had been POWs of Imperial Japan. Our mission is to preserve their his-tory accurately. We see this apology today as an acknowledgment that their use of forced labor for Mitsubishi Mining violated their human rights and their dignity. This apology is important to silence those who deny these facts. 
It is obvious that this decision to apologize 
did not happen overnight. It took people with the same mind, the same goal, and the same courage to make this happen. 
Mitsubishi Materials Corporation should 
be a role model for other Japanese corpora-tions: to come forward and apologize. We hope the citizens of Japan will support to-day’s action. The employees of Mitsubishi 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:04 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05AU6.052 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6378 August 5, 2015 
Materials Corporation should be proud of 
their company. 
We thank Mr. Kimura for his sincere apol-
ogy and we hope today starts a relationship between the ADBC Memorial Society and Mitsubishi Materials Corporation to further our goal of reconciliation and education for generations to come. 
We see this apology as one very important 
step forward and we cannot let what hap-pened today die or be forgotten. 
STATEMENT BY MITSUBISHI MATERIALS COR -
PORATION SENIOR EXECUTIVE OFFICER HIKARU  
KIMURA IN THE MEETING WITH A FORMER  
AMERICAN POW AND FAMILIES OF FORMER  
POWS  
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, 
speaking on behalf of Mitsubishi Materials, thank you very much for this opportunity to meet with you today at the Museum of Tol-erance. 
Mitsubishi Mining Company Limited, the 
predecessor of Mitsubishi Materials, was en-gaged in coal and metal mining during World War II. As the war intensified, prisoners of war were placed in a wide range of industries to offset labor shortages. As part of this, close to 900 American POWs were allocated to four mines operated by Mitsubishi Mining in Japan. 
I joined Mitsubishi Materials as a postwar 
baby-boomer and have worked in the com-pany for 34 years. I have read the memoirs of Mr. James Murphy, who is present here at this ceremony, and those of other former POWs, as well as records of court trials. Through these accounts, I have learned about the terrible pain that POWs experi-enced in the mines of Mitsubishi Mining. 
The POWs, many of whom were suffering 
from disease and injury, were subjected to hard labor, including during freezing win-ters, working without sufficient food, water, medical treatment or sanitation. When we think of their harsh lives in the mines, we cannot help feeling deep remorse. 
I would like to express our deepest sense of 
ethical responsibility for the tragic experi-ences of all U.S. POWs, including Mr. James Murphy, who were forced to work under harsh conditions in the mines of the former Mitsubishi Mining. 
On behalf of Mitsubishi Materials, I offer 
our sincerest apology. 
I also extend our deepest condolence to 
their fellow U.S. POWs who worked along-side them but have since passed away. 
To the bereaved families who are present 
at this ceremony, I also offer our most re-morseful apology. 
This cannot happen again, and of course, 
Mitsubishi Materials intends to never let this happen again. 
We now have a clear corporate mission of 
working for the benefit of all people, all soci-eties and indeed the entire globe. Respecting the basic human rights of all people is a core principle of Mitsubishi Materials, and we will continue to strongly adhere to this prin-ciple. 
Our management team wishes for the 
health and happiness of our employees every day, and we ask that all of them work not only diligently, but also with a sense of eth-ics. 
Mitsubishi Materials supplies general ma-
terials that enrich people’s lives, from ce-ment to cellphone components and auto parts, all of which are closely related to peo-ple’s lives. We also place a strong emphasis on recycling for more sustainable societies, such as recovering valuable metals from used electrical appliances and other scrapped ma-terials. 
Here in the United States, we have plants 
for cement and ready-mixed concrete, and a sales headquarters for our advanced mate-rials and tools business, all in California, as 
well as a polysilicon plant in Alabama. We believe that our company provides fulfilling jobs for local employees and contributes to host communities through its business. 
The American Defenders of Bataan & Cor-
regidor Museum in Wellsburg, West Virginia archives extensive records and memorabilia of POWs. These records and memorabilia will be handed down to future generations for educational purposes. 
I will visit the museum the day after to-
morrow to view the exhibits and visualize how POWs were forced to work under harsh conditions. For now, however, I am pleased to announce that Mitsubishi Materials has donated 50,000 U.S. dollars to the museum to support its activities. 
Finally, I sincerely thank Ms. Kinue 
Tokudome and the members of the American Defenders of Bataan & Corregidor Memorial Society for creating this opportunity to meet with you today. I also express my sin-cere thanks to Rabbi Abraham Cooper for of-fering the Museum of Tolerance as a venue for the ceremony. And I express my deep gratitude to all others involved in arranging this gathering. 
I would also like to thank the family mem-
bers of a non-U.S. POW [Mr. Stanley Gibson from Scotland, whose late father James Gib-son, a private in the Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders captured in Malaya in 1942, was also a slave laborer in the Mitsubishi Osarizawa mine] who have come from very far away to attend this ceremony. 
I truly hope that this gathering marks the 
starting point of a new relationship between former POWs and Mitsubishi Materials. 
Thank you very much. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MELBA CURLS 
∑Mrs. M CCASKILL. Mr. President, I 
ask the Senate to join me in congratu-lating my good friend Melba Curls on her retirement from her many years of service to the city of Kansas City and the State of Missouri. 
Melba’s journey as an agent of 
change began early in her life as a member of one of the first classes to in-tegrate Kansas City’s Central High School. Soon thereafter she found her-self active in the NAACP’s Youth Pro-gram. It was through that involvement that she met her future husband and my good friend State senator Phil B. Curls. While Phil passed from us far too soon, it was not before spending 43 wonderful years wed to Melba. 
Melba began her career in public 
service as a valued staff member to former Kansas City mayor Charles Wheeler and then to U.S. Senator Tom Eagleton. She then dedicated nearly 15 years of her life to improving the lives of countless Missourians, through her work at KCMC Child Development Cor-poration and its Head Start Program. 
The people of Missouri’s 41st House 
District elected Melba to represent them in the Missouri House of Rep-resentatives in 1999. Her 7 years in the general assembly saw her work across the political aisle, with both urban and rural legislators and with officials from executive departments in order to make her community and her State a better place for us all. 
In 2007, Melba was elected as city 
councilwoman for the third District, At-Large in Kansas City, MO. In typ-
ical fashion, Melba jumped in feet first to tackle a wide range of issues facing the city. Whether it was housing, transportation and infrastructure, or issues pertaining to public safety, Melba was going to be a leader fighting for the good of her community. 
Melba is now completing her second 
and final term on the city council. Dur-ing her time in elected office, she has earned the respect of her colleagues, civic organizations, and the commu-nity at large. 
I know Melba is now looking forward 
to traveling and spending more time with her beautiful family. However, I also know Melba—when she sees work that needs to be done, she will be there. While her time as an elected official may be coming to an end, her time as a force for good is not. Thanks to her lifelong passion and drive, her neigh-borhood, the city of Kansas City, and the State of Missouri are, and will con-tinue to be, better places for us all. 
I ask that the Senate join me in con-
gratulating Melba Curls on a job well done, and wishing her nothing but the best in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
STURGIS MOTORCYCLE RALLY 
75TH ANNIVERSARY 
∑Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, today I 
wish to commemorate the 75th anni-versary of the Sturgis Motorcycle Rally, taking place this week in Sturgis, SD. No single week in the en-tire year boasts a greater influx in the State’s overall population than the week of the annual event the first week of August. During that week, motorcy-clists gather together in perhaps the largest bike gathering of all time. This year, more than 1 million visitors from across the world are estimated to at-tend the rally—more than the entire population of South Dakota. 
What began as a single motorcycle 
race in 1938, the weeklong rally takes place in the small town of Sturgis in the Black Hills of western South Da-kota, a normally quiet town with a population of just over 6,000. During the week of the rally, however, Main Street Sturgis evolves into a platform for chrome, leather, and denim, where motorcycle enthusiasts and other tour-ists come to enjoy like-minded com-pany, various forms of entertainment, the South Dakota landscape, and local food and grub. 
The economic impact of the rally is 
impressive. A study conducted by the Rally Department of the city of Sturgis gauged the economic impact of the 2010 rally, which hosted 466,000 attendees, as generating roughly $817 million dollars in economic activity for the State. That is just in 1 year. 
And not just the city of Sturgis bene-
fits. Though the rally only lasts a week, the magnificence of the State often compels visitors to stick around even longer. Many attendees travel to South Dakota weeks before the rally begins or extend their stay afterward 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05AU6.083 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6379 August 5, 2015 
to travel our State and take in its 
beauty and many tourist attractions. With the Black Hills National Forest, Badlands National Park, Mount Rush-more National Monument, and the Crazy Horse Memorial all within driv-ing distance, visitors can experience the buzzing commotion of bikers and chrome one day and the pristine beau-ty of South Dakota’s Black Hills the next. The contrast is captivating, and it boosts economic activity throughout the region. By all accounts, this year has been no different. It appears the 75th Annual Sturgis Motorcycle Rally is already off to a great start, and it could very well be a record-breaking year. 
Rally week is always an exciting 
time to be in South Dakota, and I wish everyone attending this year’s rally a safe, happy, and fun-filled trip. Con-gratulations to everyone who has worked to make the rally a world-re-nowned event over the past 75 years. I wish our State and the city of Sturgis many more successful years of hosting the Sturgis Motorcycle Rally. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CHLOE CHRISTENSEN 
∑Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, today I 
recognize Chloe Christensen, an intern in my Rapid City office as well as my leadership office at the Senate Repub-lican Conference, for all of the hard work she has done for me, my staff, and the State of South Dakota. 
Chloe will begin attending George 
Washington University this fall where she will major in international affairs. Chloe is a dedicated worker who has been committed to getting the most out of her experience. 
I extend my sincere thanks and ap-
preciation to Chloe Christensen for all of the fine work she has done and wish her continued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT 
Messages from the President of the 
United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED 
As in executive session the Presiding 
Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. 
(The messages received today are 
printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MEASURES DISCHARGED 
The following bill was discharged 
from the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs, pursuant to the order of May 27, 1988, and placed on the calendar: 
S. 710. A bill to reauthorize the Native 
American Housing Assistance and Self-De-termination Act of 1996, and for other pur-
poses. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES 
The following reports of committees 
were submitted: 
By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on 
Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: 
S. 1603. A bill to actively recruit members 
of the Armed Forces who are separating from military service to serve as Customs and Border Protection Officers (Rept. No. 114– 116). 
By Mr. BARRASSO, from the Committee 
on Indian Affairs: 
Report to accompany S. 710, a bill to reau-
thorize the Native American Housing Assist-ance and Self-Determination Act of 1996, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–117). 
By Mr. HATCH, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, without amendment: 
S. 1946. An original bill to amend the Inter-
nal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend expiring provisions, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 114–118). 
By Mr. HATCH, from the Committee on Fi-
nance: 
Special Report entitled ‘‘The Internal Rev-
enue Service’s Processing of 501(c)(3) and 501(c)(4) Applications for Tax-Exempt Status Submitted by ‘‘Political Advocacy’’ Organi-zations from 2010–2013’’ (Rept . No. 114–119). 
f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF 
COMMITTEES 
The following executive reports of 
nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. HATCH for the Committee on Fi-
nance. 
Marisa Lago, of New York, to be a Deputy 
United States Trade Representative, with the rank of Ambassador. 
*W. Thomas Reeder, Jr., of Virginia, to be 
Director of the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation. 
By Mr. ALEXANDER for the Committee 
on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
*Walter A. Barrows, of Ohio, to be a Mem-
ber of the Railroad Retirement Board for a term expiring August 28, 2019. 
*Kathryn K. Matthew, of South Carolina, 
to be Director of the Institute of Museum and Library Services for a term of four years. 
*Karen Bollinger DeSalvo, of Louisiana, to 
be an Assistant Secretary of Health and Human Services. 
*W. Thomas Reeder, Jr., of Virginia, to be 
Director of the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-
ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. 
(Nominations without an asterisk 
were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
The following bills and joint resolu-
tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, 
Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. C OONS , Mr. D URBIN , 
Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. 
MERKLEY , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. R EED, 
Mr. S CHUMER , and Mrs. S HAHEEN ): 
S. 1938. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to improve the approval of cer-tain programs of education for purposes of educational assistance provided by the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. 
By Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself and Mr. 
H
ATCH ): 
S. 1939. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-
cation Act of 1965 to provide for institutional ineligibility based on low cohort repayment rates and to require risk sharing payments of institutions of higher education; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. SCHATZ: 
S. 1940. A bill to improve the retirement 
security of American families by increasing Social Security benefits for current and fu-ture beneficiaries while making Social Secu-rity stronger for future generations; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Mr. 
B
ENNET ): 
S. 1941. A bill to authorize, direct, expe-
dite, and facilitate a land exchange in El Paso and Teller Counties, Colorado, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. GARDNER: 
S. 1942. A bill to require a land conveyance 
involving the Elkhorn Ranch and the White River National Forest in the State of Colo-rado, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. ALEXANDER: 
S. 1943. A bill to modify the boundary of 
the Shiloh National Military Park located in the State of Tennessee and Mississippi, to es-tablish Parker’s Crossroads Battlefield as an affiliated area of the National Park System, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. SULLIVAN: 
S. 1944. A bill to require each agency to re-
peal or amend 1 or more rules before issuing or amending a rule; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
By Mr. CASSIDY (for himself, Mr. 
M
URPHY , and Ms. C OLLINS ): 
S. 1945. A bill to make available needed 
psychiatric, psychological, and supportive 
services for individuals with mental illness and families in mental health crisis, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. HATCH: 
S. 1946. An original bill to amend the Inter-
nal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend expiring provisions, and for other purposes; from the Committee on Finance; placed on the cal-endar. 
By Mr. MERKLEY: 
S. 1947. A bill to exclude the discharge of 
certain Federal student loans from the cal-culation of gross income; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. MERKLEY: 
S. 1948. A bill to increase awareness of the 
Federal student loan income-based repay-ment plan, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. SCHUMER (for himself, Ms. 
K
LOBUCHAR , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , and 
Mrs. B OXER ): 
S. 1949. A bill to make it unlawful to alter 
or remove the unique equipment identifica-tion number of a mobile device; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. SCHUMER: 
S. 1950. A bill to amend the National Voter 
Registration Act of 1993 to provide for online 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:37 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05AU6.081 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6380 August 5, 2015 
voter registration and for other purposes; to 
the Committee on Rules and Administration. 
By Mr. SCHUMER: 
S. 1951. A bill to amend the Help America 
Vote Act of 2002 to require the availability of early voting or no-excuse absentee voting; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. 
By Mr. SCHUMER: 
S. 1952. A bill to amend the National Voter 
Registration Act of 1993 to modify the proce-dures for change of address; to the Com-mittee on Rules and Administration. 
By Mr. CASEY: 
S. 1953. A bill to amend the Solid Waste 
Disposal Act to authorize States to restrict interstate waste imports and impose a high-er fee on out-of-State waste; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
By Mr. WYDEN: 
S. 1954. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to provide a tax incentive to individuals teaching in public elementary and secondary schools located in rural or high unemployment areas and to individuals who achieve certification from the National Board for Professional Teaching Standards, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. SULLIVAN: 
S. 1955. A bill to amend the Alaska Native 
Claims Settlement Act to provide for equi-table allotment of land to Alaska Native vet-erans; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. 
By Ms. STABENOW (for herself, Mr. 
P
ETERS , and Ms. B ALDWIN ): 
S. 1956. A bill to require the Under Sec-
retary for Oceans and Atmosphere to con-duct an assessment of cultural and historic resources in the waters of the Great Lakes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself, Mr. 
L
ANKFORD , Mr. C OTTON , Mrs. C APITO , 
Mr. L EAHY , Mr. M ERKLEY , and Mr. 
CRAPO ): 
S. 1957. A bill to require the Attorney Gen-
eral to provide State officials with access to criminal history information with respect to certain financial service providers required to undergo State criminal background checks, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. 
By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. 
B
OOKER , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. 
FRANKEN , and Ms. W ARREN ): 
S. 1958. A bill to establish additional pro-
tections and disclosures for students and co- signers with respect to student loans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. BENNET (for himself and Mr. 
F
RANKEN ): 
S. 1959. A bill to provide greater controls 
and restrictions on revolving door lobbying; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
By Mr. REED (for himself and Mrs. 
S
HAHEEN ): 
S. 1960. A bill to establish a statute of limi-
tations for certain actions of the Securities and Exchange Commission, and for other 
purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Mr. SCHUMER (for himself, Mrs. 
G
ILLIBRAND , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , and 
Mr. M ENENDEZ ): 
S. 1961. A bill to amend titles XVIII and 
XIX of the Social Security Act to make im-provements to the treatment of the United States territories under the Medicare and Medicaid programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. BENNET (for himself and Mr. 
G
ARDNER ): 
S. 1962. A bill to authorize 2 additional dis-
trict judgeships for the district of Colorado; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. ROUNDS (for himself and Mr. 
K
ING): 
S. 1963. A bill to amend the Consumer Fi-
nancial Protection Act of 2010 to establish advisory boards, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Ms. S
TA-
BENOW , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. 
BROWN , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. S CHUMER , 
and Mr. M ENENDEZ ): 
S. 1964. A bill to amend parts B and E of 
title IV of the Social Security Act to invest in funding prevention and family services to help keep children safe and supported at home with their families, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Mr. 
P
AUL, Mr. L EE, and Mr. D URBIN ): 
S. 1965. A bill to place restrictions on the 
use of solitary confinement for juveniles in Federal custody; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. BOOZMAN (for himself, Mr. 
M
CCONNELL , Mr. K IRK, Mr. B ROWN , 
Mr. D ONNELLY , and Mr. B ENNET ): 
S. 1966. A bill to amend the Richard B. Rus-
sell National School Lunch Act to require al-ternative options for program delivery; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. 
By Mr. KIRK: 
S. 1967. A bill to provide for the convey-
ance of land of the Illiana Health Care Sys-tem of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Danville, Illinois; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself and 
Mr. M
ARKEY ): 
S. 1968. A bill to amend the Securities Ex-
change Act of 1934 to require certain compa-nies to disclose information describing any measures the company has taken to identify and address conditions of forced labor, slav-ery, human trafficking, and the worst forms of child labor within the company’s supply chains; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Mr. SANDERS: 
S. 1969. A bill to designate Federal election 
day as a public holiday; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. SANDERS: 
S. 1970. A bill to establish national proce-
dures for automatic voter registration for elections for Federal Office; to the Com-mittee on Rules and Administration. 
By Mrs. BOXER (for herself and Mrs. 
F
EINSTEIN ): 
S. 1971. A bill to expand the boundary of 
the California Coastal National Monument, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. KIRK (for himself and Mrs. 
S
HAHEEN ): 
S. 1972. A bill to require air carriers to 
modify certain policies with respect to the use of epinephrine for in-flight emergencies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. PAUL: 
S. 1973. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to expand the deduction for interest on education loans, to extend and expand the deduction for qualified tuition and related expenses, and eliminate the limi-tation on contributions to Coverdell edu-cation savings accounts; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Ms. HEITKAMP: 
S. 1974. A bill to require the Bureau of Con-
sumer Financial Protection to amend its regulations relating to qualified mortgages, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Ms. MIKULSKI (for herself, Ms. 
B
ALDWIN , Mrs. B OXER , Ms. C ANTWELL , 
Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Ms. HEITKAMP , Ms. H IRONO , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mrs. M UR-
RAY, Mrs. S HAHEEN , Ms. S TABENOW , 
and Ms. W ARREN ): 
S. 1975. A bill to establish the Sewall-Bel-
mont House National Historic Site as a unit of the National Park System, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. SCHUMER: 
S. 1976. A bill to prohibit the distribution 
in commerce of children’s products and up-holstered furniture containing certain flame retardants, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mrs. BOXER (for herself and Mrs. 
F
EINSTEIN ): 
S. 1977. A bill to provide family members 
and close associates of an individual who they fear is a danger to himself, herself, or others new tools to prevent gun violence; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. KIRK (for himself and Mr. D
ON-
NELLY ): 
S. 1978. A bill to amend the Investment Ad-
visers Act of 1940 to prevent duplicative reg-ulation of advisers of small business invest-ment companies; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Mrs. MURRAY: 
S. 1979. A bill to direct the Chief of Engi-
neers to transfer an archaeological collec-tion, commonly referred to as the Kennewick Man or the Ancient One, to the Washington State Department of Archeology and His-toric Preservation; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. 
By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mrs. 
B
OXER , Ms. M IKULSKI , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Mr. F RANKEN , Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , and Mr. 
BOOKER ): 
S. 1980. A bill to posthumously award a 
Congressional gold medal to Alice Paul, in recognition of her role in the women’s suf-frage movement and in advancing equal rights for women; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
By Ms. WARREN (for herself, Mr. 
L
EAHY , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. 
MENENDEZ , Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. B ROWN , 
Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mrs. 
GILLIBRAND , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , Mr. S CHATZ , Ms. B ALD-
WIN, Mr. M URPHY , Ms. H IRONO , and 
Mr. M ARKEY ): 
S. 1981. A bill to amend the Fair Credit Re-
porting Act to prohibit the use of consumer credit checks against prospective and cur-rent employees for the purposes of making adverse employment decisions; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. CARDIN (for himself and Mr. 
B
OOZMAN ): 
S. 1982. A bill to authorize a Wall of Re-
membrance as part of the Korean War Vet-erans Memorial and to allow certain private contributions to fund the Wall of Remem-brance; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mrs. BOXER (for herself and Mrs. 
F
EINSTEIN ): 
S. 1983. A bill to authorize the Pechanga 
Band of Luiseno Mission Indians Water Rights Settlement, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. 
By Mr. LANKFORD: 
S. 1984. A bill to prevent Indian tribes and 
tribal organizations that cultivate, manufac-ture, or distribute marijuana on Indian land from receiving Federal funds; to the Com-mittee on Indian Affairs. 
By Mr. HATCH: 
S. 1985. A bill to provide for the convey-
ance of certain land to Washington County, Utah, to authorize the exchange of Federal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05AU6.016 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6381 August 5, 2015 
land and non-Federal land in the State of 
Utah, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. REID: 
S. 1986. A bill to provide for a land convey-
ance in the State of Nevada; to the Com-mittee on Indian Affairs. 
By Mr. INHOFE (for himself, Mr. 
T
HUNE , and Mr. G RASSLEY ): 
S. 1987. A bill to amend the Toxic Sub-
stances Control Act relating to lead-based paint renovation and remodeling activities; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. 
By Mr. INHOFE: 
S. 1988. A bill to enhance the security of 
military personnel at United States military installations and operating locations; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Mr. CASSIDY: 
S. 1989. A bill to improve access to primary 
care services; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. HATCH (for himself and Mr. 
C
ARPER ): 
S. 1990. A bill to require Inspectors General 
and the Comptroller General of the United States to submit reports on the use of logical access controls and other security practices to safeguard classified and personally identi-fiable information on Federal computer sys-tems, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. 
By Mr. M
CCAIN: 
S. 1991. A bill to eliminate the sunset date 
for the Choice Program of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to expand eligibility for such program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. ROUNDS (for himself, Mr. 
T
HUNE , Mr. D AINES , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. 
ENZI, and Mr. C RAPO ): 
S. 1992. A bill to amend chapter 44 of title 
18, United States Code, to provide that a member of the Armed Forces and the spouse of that member shall have the same rights regarding the receipt of firearms at the loca-tion of any duty station of the member; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Mr. M
CCAIN (for himself and Mr. 
BENNET ): 
S. 1993. A bill to establish the 21st Century 
Conservation Service Corps to place youth and veterans in the United States in na-tional service positions to protect, restore, and enhance the great outdoors of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. CARPER: 
S. 1994. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-
enue Code of 1986 to increase certain fuel taxes and to strengthen the earned income tax credit and make permanent certain tax provisions under the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. SCHUMER: 
S. 1995. A bill to provide grants for projects 
to acquire land and water for parks and other outdoor recreation purposes and to de-
velop new or renovate existing outdoor recreation facilities; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
By Mr. WARNER (for himself and Mr. 
P
ORTMAN ): 
S. 1996. A bill to streamline the employer 
reporting process and strengthen the eligi-bility verification process for the premium assistance tax credit and cost-sharing sub-sidy; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. BENNET (for himself and Mr. 
C
RAPO ): 
S. 1997. A bill to amend the Robert T. Staf-
ford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assist-ance Act to provide for wildfire mitigation grants and financial assistance in certain areas affected by wildfires; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. By Mr. HEINRICH (for himself and Ms. 
H
IRONO ): 
S. 1998. A bill to improve college afford-
ability; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. NELSON: 
S. 1999. A bill to authorize the Secretary of 
the department in which the Coast Guard is operating to act, without liability for cer-tain damages, to prevent and respond to the threat of damage from pollution of the sea by crude oil, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
By Mr. HOEVEN (for himself and Mr. 
M
ANCHIN ): 
S. 2000. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to allow the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to enter into certain agree-ments with non-Department of Veterans Af-fairs health care providers if the Secretary is not feasibly able to provide health care in fa-cilities of the Department or through con-tracts or sharing agreements, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. 
By Ms. AYOTTE: 
S. 2001. A bill to phase out special wage 
certificates under section 14(c) of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 that allow indi-viduals with disabilities to be paid at sub-minimum wage rates; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. CORNYN: 
S. 2002. A bill to strengthen our mental 
health system and improve public safety; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND 
SENATE RESOLUTIONS 
The following concurrent resolutions 
and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Ms. MIKULSKI (for herself and Ms. 
COLLINS ): 
S. Res. 242. A resolution celebrating 25 
years of success from the Office of Research on Women’s Health at the National Insti-tutes of Health; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. 
By Mr. VITTER (for himself, Mrs. S
HA-
HEEN , Mr. E NZI, Ms. H IRONO , Mr. 
RISCH, Mr. P ETERS , Ms. A YOTTE , and 
Mr. G ARDNER ): 
S. Res. 243. A resolution celebrating the 
35th anniversary of the Small Business De-velopment Centers of the United States; to the Committee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship. 
By Mr. FRANKEN (for himself, Mr. 
U
DALL , Mr. L EAHY , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. 
MERKLEY , and Mr. S ANDERS ): 
S. Res. 244. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the Senate regarding the ‘‘Laudato Si’’ encyclical of Pope Francis, and global climate change; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. 
By Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Ms. C
OL-
LINS, Mr. B ROWN , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. 
KING, Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. G RASSLEY , 
Mr. M URPHY , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. 
BOOKER , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , Ms. A YOTTE , and Mrs. 
MURRAY ): 
S. Res. 245. A resolution designating the 
week beginning September 13, 2015, as ‘‘Na-tional Direct Support Professionals Recogni-tion Week’’; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 
By Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mr. R
EID, 
Mr. S CHUMER , Ms. S TABENOW , Ms. 
CANTWELL , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. M ENEN -
DEZ, Mr. C ARPER , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. 
BROWN , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. 
WARNER , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. BLUMENTHAL , Mr. B OOKER , Mrs. 
BOXER , Mr. C OONS , Mr. D ONNELLY , 
Mr. D URBIN , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. 
FRANKEN , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. H EIN-
RICH, Ms. H EITKAMP , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. 
KAINE, Mr. K ING, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. 
LEAHY , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. M ARKEY , 
Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. M ERKLEY , Ms. 
MIKULSKI , Mr. M URPHY , Mrs. M UR-
RAY, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. R EED, Mr. 
SANDERS , Mr. S CHATZ , Mrs. S HAHEEN , 
Mr. T ESTER , Mr. U DALL , Ms. W ARREN , 
and Mr. W HITEHOUSE ): 
S. Res. 246. A resolution commemorating 
80 years since the creation of Social Secu-rity; to the Committee on Finance. 
By Mr. ISAKSON: 
S. Res. 247. A resolution commemorating 
and honoring the actions of President Harry S. Truman and the crews of the Enola Gay and Bockscar in using the atomic bomb to bring World War II to an end; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. 
By Mr. SESSIONS (for himself, Mr. 
S
HELBY , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. V ITTER , 
Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. M ORAN , Mrs. 
BOXER , Ms. A YOTTE , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. 
KING, Mr. B LUNT , Mr. B OOKER , and 
Mr. B OOZMAN ): 
S. Res. 248. A resolution designating Sep-
tember 2015 as ‘‘National Prostate Cancer Awareness Month’’; considered and agreed to. 
f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 142 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the 
name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 142, a bill to require the Consumer Product Safety Commission to promulgate a rule to require child safety packaging for liquid nicotine containers, and for other purposes. 
S. 210 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
name of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
210, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allow a credit against income tax for amounts paid by a spouse of a member of the Armed Forces for a new State license or cer-tification required by reason of a per-manent change in the duty station of such member to another State. 
At the request of Ms. A
YOTTE , her 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. 210, supra. 
S. 235 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
name of the Senator from California (Mrs. B
OXER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 235, a bill to provide for wildfire suppression operations, and for other purposes. 
S. 271 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , her 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. 271, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to permit certain retired members of the uniformed services who have a service-connected disability to receive both disability compensation from the Department of Veterans Af-fairs for their disability and either re-tired pay by reason of their years of military service or Combat-Related Special Compensation, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05AU6.017 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6382 August 5, 2015 
S. 283 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the 
name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. C
OATS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
283, a bill to prohibit the Internal Rev-enue Service from modifying the stand-ard for determining whether an organi-zation is operated exclusively for the promotion of social welfare for pur-poses of section 501(c)(4) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 
S. 298 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the 
name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 298, a bill to amend titles XIX and XXI of the Social Security Act to provide States with the option of providing services to children with medically complex conditions under the Medicaid program and Children’s Health Insurance Program through a care coordination program focused on improving health outcomes for chil-dren with medically complex condi-tions and lowering costs, and for other purposes. 
S. 330 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the 
names of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ), the Senator from New 
Mexico (Mr. H EINRICH ) and the Senator 
from Arkansas (Mr. B OOZMAN ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 330, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make permanent the special rule for contributions of qualified con-servation contributions, and for other purposes. 
S. 471 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the 
name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 471, a bill to improve the provision of health care for women vet-erans by the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
S. 497 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R
EED) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 497, a bill to allow Americans to earn paid sick time so that they can address their own health needs and the health needs of their families. 
S. 564 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. B
URR) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 564, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to include licensed hearing aid specialists as eligible for appointment in the Veterans Health Administration of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 569 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the 
name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
569, a bill to reauthorize the farm to school program, and for other purposes. 
S. 598 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the 
name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 598, a bill to improve the 
understanding of, and promote access to treatment for, chronic kidney dis-ease, and for other purposes. 
S. 613 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 613, a bill to amend the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act to improve the efficiency of summer meals. 
S. 637 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the 
name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
637, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to extend and modify the railroad track maintenance credit. 
S. 661 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the 
name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R
EED) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 661, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to enhance the dependent care tax credit, and for other purposes. 
S. 706 
At the request of Mrs. B OXER , the 
name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. R
EID) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
706, a bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to require institu-tions of higher education to have an independent advocate for campus sex-ual assault prevention and response. 
S. 776 
At the request of Mr. R OBERTS , the 
name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 776, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to improve ac-cess to medication therapy manage-ment under part D of the Medicare pro-gram. 
S. 799 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
name of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 799, a bill to combat the rise of prenatal opioid abuse and neonatal abstinence syndrome. 
S. 804 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
names of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ), the Senator from 
California (Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) and the 
Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. W AR-
REN) were added as cosponsors of S. 804, 
a bill to amend title XVIII of the So-cial Security Act to specify coverage of continuous glucose monitoring devices, and for other purposes. 
S. 901 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
names of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ), the Senator from New 
Hampshire (Mrs. S HAHEEN ) and the 
Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ASEY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 
901, a bill to establish in the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs a national center for research on the diagnosis and treatment of health conditions of the descendants of veterans exposed to toxic substances during service in the Armed Forces that are related to that 
exposure, to establish an advisory board on such health conditions, and for other purposes. 
S. 928 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , 
the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 928, a bill to reauthorize the World Trade Center Health Program and the September 11th Victim Com-pensation Fund of 2001, and for other purposes. 
S. 979 
At the request of Ms. A YOTTE , her 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. 979, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to repeal the requirement for reduction of survivor annuities under the Survivor Benefit Plan by veterans’ dependency and indemnity compensation, and for other purposes. 
S. 993 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the 
name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 993, a bill to increase public safety by facilitating collaboration among the criminal justice, juvenile justice, veterans treatment services, mental health treatment, and substance abuse systems. 
S. 1061 
At the request of Mr. H EINRICH , his 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1061, a bill to improve the Federal Pell Grant program, and for other purposes. 
S. 1062 
At the request of Mr. H EINRICH , his 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1062, a bill to improve the Federal Pell Grant program, and for other purposes. 
S. 1090 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the 
name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1090, a bill to amend the Rob-ert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act to provide eligibility for broadcasting facilities to receive certain disaster assistance, and for other purposes. 
S. 1099 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the 
names of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) and the Senator from 
West Virginia (Mr. M ANCHIN ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 1099, a bill to amend the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act to provide States with flexibility in determining the size of employers in the small group mar-ket. 
At the request of Mr. S
COTT, the 
names of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ), the Senator from Indiana 
(Mr. C OATS ), the Senator from West 
Virginia (Mrs. C APITO ), the Senator 
from Missouri (Mr. B LUNT ), the Senator 
from Ohio (Mr. P ORTMAN ) and the Sen-
ator from Oklahoma (Mr. I NHOFE ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 1099, supra. 
S. 1107 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the 
name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1107, a bill to provide for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05AU6.012 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6383 August 5, 2015 
an equitable management of summer 
flounder based on geographic, sci-entific, and economic data and for other purposes. 
S. 1358 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the 
names of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) and the Senator from 
Wisconsin (Ms. B ALDWIN ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 1358, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to author-ize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to inter in national cemeteries individ-uals who supported the United States in Laos during the Vietnam War era. 
S. 1383 
At the request of Mr. P ERDUE , the 
name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1383, a bill to amend the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 to subject the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection to the regular ap-propriations process, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1512 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1512, a bill to eliminate discrimination and promote women’s health and eco-nomic security by ensuring reasonable workplace accommodations for work-ers whose ability to perform the func-tions of a job are limited by pregnancy, childbirth, or a related medical condi-tion. 
S. 1523 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , 
the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1523, a bill to amend the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to reau-thorize the National Estuary Program, and for other purposes. 
S. 1526 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1526, a bill to amend title 10 and title 41, United States Code, to improve the manner in which Federal contracts for construction and design services are awarded, to prohibit the use of reverse auctions for design and construction services procurements, to amend title 31 and 41, United States Code, to improve the payment protec-tions available to construction con-tractors, subcontractors, and suppliers for work performed, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1562 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the 
names of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ), the Senator from Kansas (Mr. 
ROBERTS ), the Senator from Oregon 
(Mr. M ERKLEY ) and the Senator from 
Michigan (Mr. P ETERS ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 1562, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to re-form taxation of alcoholic beverages. 
S. 1566 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the 
names of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ), the Senator from Maine (Ms. C OLLINS ) and the Senator from 
Connecticut (Mr. M URPHY ) were added 
as cosponsors of S. 1566, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to re-quire group and individual health in-surance coverage and group health plans to provide for coverage of oral anticancer drugs on terms no less fa-vorable than the coverage provided for anticancer medications administered by a health care provider. 
S. 1589 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the 
name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1589, a bill to facilitate efficient invest-ments and financing of infrastructure projects and new, long-term job cre-ation through the establishment of an Infrastructure Financing Authority, and for other purposes. 
S. 1603 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , his 
name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1603, a bill to actively recruit members of the Armed Forces who are sepa-rating from military service to serve as Customs and Border Protection Offi-cers. 
S. 1609 
At the request of Mr. K AINE, the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1609, a bill to provide sup-port for the development of middle school career exploration programs linked to career and technical edu-cation programs of study. 
S. 1659 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the 
name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1659, a bill to amend the Voting Rights Act of 1965 to revise the criteria for determining which States and polit-ical subdivisions are subject to section 4 of the Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 1711 
At the request of Mr. S COTT, the 
names of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN) and the Senator from 
Colorado (Mr. G ARDNER ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 1711, a bill to provide for a temporary safe harbor from the enforcement of integrated disclosure requirements for mortgage loan trans-actions under the Real Estate Settle-ment Procedures Act of 1974 and the Truth in Lending Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 1728 
At the request of Mr. C OATS , the 
name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 1728, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide equal access to declaratory judgments for or-ganizations seeking tax-exempt status. 
S. 1772 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the 
name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R
EED) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. 1772, a bill to permit employees to request changes to their work sched-ules without fear of retaliation and to ensure that employers consider these requests, and to require employers to 
provide more predictable and stable schedules for employees in certain oc-cupations with evidence of unpredict-able and unstable scheduling practices that negatively affect employees, and for other purposes. 
S. 1775 
At the request of Mr. M URPHY , the 
names of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) and the Senator from 
California (Mrs. B OXER ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 1775, a bill to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to accept additional documentation when considering the application for vet-erans status of an individual who per-formed service as a coastwise merchant seaman during World War II, and for other purposes. 
S. 1819 
At the request of Mr. D AINES , the 
names of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) and the Senator from 
Idaho (Mr. C RAPO ) were added as co-
sponsors of S. 1819, a bill to improve se-curity at Armed Forces recruitment centers. 
S. 1823 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the 
name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1823, a bill to safeguard military per-sonnel on Armed Forces military in-stallations by repealing bans on mili-tary personnel carrying firearms, and for other purposes. 
S. 1831 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the 
names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) and the Senator 
from Pennsylvania (Mr. C ASEY ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 1831, a bill to revise section 48 of title 18, United States Code, and for other purposes. 
S. 1833 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the 
name of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1833, a bill to amend the Rich-ard B. Russell National School Lunch Act to improve the child and adult care food program. 
S. 1838 
At the request of Mr. L EAHY , the 
name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1838, a bill to amend the Federal Elec-tion Campaign Act of 1971 to clarify the treatment of coordinated expendi-tures as contributions to candidates, and for other purposes. 
S. 1842 
At the request of Mr. S ESSIONS , the 
name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor 
of S. 1842, a bill to ensure State and local compliance with all Federal im-migration detainers on aliens in cus-tody and for other purposes. 
S. 1856 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , 
the names of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ), the Senator from New 
Mexico (Mr. U DALL ), the Senator from 
Wisconsin (Ms. B ALDWIN ), the Senator 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05AU6.013 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6384 August 5, 2015 
from Pennsylvania (Mr. C ASEY ), the 
Senator from Virginia (Mr. K AINE), the 
Senator from Colorado (Mr. B ENNET ), 
the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) and the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts (Ms. W ARREN ) were added as 
cosponsors of S. 1856, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for suspension and removal of employ-ees of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs for performance or misconduct that is a threat to public health or safety and to improve accountability of employees of the Department, and for other purposes. 
S. 1860 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the 
name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
1860, a bill to protect and promote international religious freedom. 
S. 1883 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the 
names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) and the Senator 
from New York (Mrs. G ILLIBRAND ) were 
added as cosponsors of S. 1883, a bill to maximize discovery, and accelerate de-velopment and availability, of prom-ising childhood cancer treatments, and for other purposes. 
S. 1900 
At the request of Mr. K AINE, the 
name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. A
YOTTE ) was added as a co-
sponsor of S. 1900, a bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to allow the Secretary of Education to award job training Federal Pell Grants. 
S. 1925 
At the request of Mr. H EINRICH , the 
name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) was added as a cospon-
sor of S. 1925, a bill to extend the se-cure rural schools and community self- determination program and to make permanent the payment in lieu of taxes program and the land and water con-servation fund. 
S. RES. 148 
At the request of Mr. K IRK, the name 
of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cosponsor of 
S. Res. 148, a resolution condemning the Government of Iran’s state-spon-sored persecution of its Baha’i minor-ity and its continued violation of the International Covenants on Human Rights. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2612 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the 
name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of 
amendment No. 2612 intended to be pro-posed to S. 754, an original bill to im-prove cybersecurity in the United States through enhanced sharing of in-formation about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. SULLIVAN: 
S. 1944. A bill to require each agency 
to repeal or amend 1 or more rules be-fore issuing or amending a rule; to the 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, I rise 
today to introduce S. 1944, the RED Tape Act of 2015. 
The letters R-E-D stand for Regula-
tions Endanger Democracy. They do, and they are. This bill will help cut burdensome regulations—regulations that I think everybody agrees have been strangling our economy, regula-tions that many of my colleagues and I and economists around the country and around the world believe are at the heart of why we can’t grow the great American economy. 
Let me spend a few minutes on the 
economy, what the regulations are doing, and why I believe this bill is so important and why we are working hard to get bipartisan support for it. 
There is a debate going on in this 
country and on the Senate floor: Are we in decline? Is America in decline? Are our best days behind us? Is China going to own the 21st century the way we did the last century? 
Now, I am an optimist. I don’t think 
we are in decline. We don’t need to be in decline. Here is the reason why. We don’t hear about it much, but when we look and compare the United States to other countries, we have so many com-parative advantages. We still have so many comparative advantages. 
Imagine the United States is in a 
global poker game with all the other major nations of the world around the table. We don’t hear this much, but rel-ative to other countries, we look at our hand and we hold aces. As a matter of fact, we hold most of the aces. Let me give a few examples. 
The high-tech sector. Whether it is 
Silicon Valley, Massachusetts, places throughout the entire country, we still have the most vibrant, innovative high-tech sector of anyplace in the world, the ability to commercialize ideas with private equity and financ-ing. If you have a good idea, an entre-preneurial idea in America, you can commercialize that, you can take that to market more quickly, more effi-ciently than any other place in the world. 
Our agriculture sector for decades 
has been probably the most efficient agriculture sector in the world, feeding the world, literally. 
Universities. Look at America’s uni-
versities relative to any other place, any other country. I had the great honor—my oldest daughter of my three teenaged daughters graduated from high school last year. My wife and I took her to a number of universities she was looking at across the country. We have States—Massachusetts, Cali-fornia—that probably have better top research universities just in those States than other countries have in their entire country. In my State of Alaska, we have great universities. It is a huge advantage. 
Energy. Once again through Amer-
ican innovation, we are the world’s en-ergy superpower again, the way we 
used to be, producing more oil, more gas, more renewables than any other country in the world. It is a huge ad-vantage. 
Fisheries. We are one of the top coun-
tries in the world in terms of the har-vest of fisheries, and my State of Alas-ka is the superpower of American sea-food. We harvest more than 50 percent of all seafood in America—a huge ad-vantage for our country. 
The military. I don’t have to say 
much more about the military. We have the best, most professional mili-tary in the world, probably in the his-tory of the world, unrivaled by any other nation, not even close. 
Then even issues like—we talk a lot 
about immigration and how our system is broken and how the border needs to be secured. Absolutely. But we are still the country of the world that other people of the world want to come to. They want to come here. 
I recently attended a naturalization 
ceremony in Juneau, AK. If you want to take pride in our country, if you want to see something great, go to a naturalization ceremony. See people who have been thinking about becom-ing an American for most of their lives finally achieving that goal. It will bring tears to your eyes. It brought tears to my eyes. 
Then, of course, in terms of compara-
tive advantages, there is our form of government, our Framers, our Con-stitution—the longest standing con-stitutional democracy in the world. It certainly is not perfect, but again, rel-ative to other countries, it is a huge advantage. 
So, as I mentioned, we have all the 
aces. In that big global game of poker, we have a great hand. As President Reagan said a couple decades ago, we are ‘‘the greatest, freest, strongest na-tion on earth.’’ And I believe we still are. 
But, of course, like all countries, we 
have challenges. Here is the biggest challenge, I believe: If we have all the aces, if we have all these comparative advantages, why can’t we grow our economy anymore? Why can’t we cre-ate opportunities for young college graduates? 
Our gross domestic product shrunk 
the first quarter of this year for the third time in the last 9 years. That hasn’t happened in more than 60 years. From 2011 through 2014, our gross do-mestic product only grew at a little bit below 2 percent. 
The comparative advantage, the 
growth rate that made our country great from 1790 to 2014—U.S. real GDP growth in real dollars—averaged an an-nual rate of 3.7 percent—almost 4 per-cent GDP growth. That is the average for our country’s history. That is real, robust American growth. That is what made us great. The Obama administra-tion’s average is 1.36 percent per year. 
Just last week—and I know this is an 
issue that you and I have talked a lot about—it was revealed that we now 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05AU6.014 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6385 August 5, 2015 
have officially the worst economic re-
covery in 70 years. 
An article in the Wall Street Journal 
says that new GDP revisions show the worst recovery in 70 years and it was even weaker than we thought. This is a huge problem. We can no longer grow our economy. When that happens, we hurt the most vulnerable in society. But what is even more frustrating than that is when you come to Washington, it seems that nobody actually seems to care about this topic anymore or that we are going to dumb down our expec-tations. 
It was pretty amazing. Some econo-
mists cheered. Our growth rate that was announced last quarter was a little bit over 2 percent GDP growth, and they cheered it. But, again, the issue doesn’t even seem to be something that people here are focused on. 
Let me give you an example. The 
first quarter of this year, the U.S. economy—the greatest economy in the world—went back into recession. We shrunk. That is a big deal. That should frighten people. Did the White House say anything? Did the Secretary of the Treasury come out and say: Oh, my gosh, we are back in a recession; here is what we are going to do to grow this economy because we know growth is the key to almost everything. 
Not a word—in fact, what is starting 
to happen is—and it is a very, very dangerous trend in Washington—we are just going to dumb down our expecta-tions. Yes, traditional levels of U.S. economic growth are almost 4 percent since the founding of our Nation. But guess what we are going to call it now. We are going to call 2 percent growth— which is all we can achieve, it seems— the new normal. We are not going to try to get back to 4 percent, the tradi-tional levels. Democrats and Repub-licans have done that for decades, cen-turies. We are going to say: No, Amer-ica, you need to be satisfied with the new normal—2 percent GDP growth. 
Terms such as the ‘‘new normal,’’ 
‘‘secular stagnation’’—some are even talking that this is our destiny as a na-tion. I don’t like that term—‘‘new nor-mal.’’ It is a surrender. It is a sur-render of American greatness. It is a surrender of our future, and it is a sur-render of our kids’ future. 
If we stay at these levels of growth— 
1.5 percent, 2 percent of GDP growth; the Obama administration growth lev-els—the challenges that we face are huge debt, infrastructure, funding the military, funding social programs, and even the cohesion of our great Amer-ican country. All of these challenges will be much, much harder to address. 
I believe one of the most important 
things we can do in this body, which we are not doing enough of, is to focus on this issue. Why are we not growing the American economy anymore? We have to get back to these robust levels of 
growth—Democratic, Republican lev-els. We have to get back to traditional levels of growth. 
We can do better. Our history is bet-
ter. This is the greatest economy in the world, and we need to unleash it. 
What is the problem? How do we do this? How do we get back to these lev-els of growth? If we are holding all the aces, what is holding us back? 
I believe a huge part of the problem 
of what is holding us back is actually this town, the Federal Government, and the agencies here that are stifling economic growth with redtape from the alphabet soup of agencies—the IRS, the EPA, and the BLM—that are con-stantly promulgating new regulations. As opposed to being partners in oppor-tunity, our Federal Government wants to regulate everything, all aspects of our economy. 
Regulations across the country, from 
Alaska to Maine, are hurting busi-nesses, are hurting the economy, and are hurting our citizens, especially the most vulnerable. Again, this is not a partisan issue. Almost all of us on both sides of the aisle agree that we need to cut redtape. Even President Obama’s own Small Business Administration puts the number—the annual cost of regulations that grow every year—at $1.7 trillion per year. It is almost $1.8 trillion per year. If that were the econ-omy, that would be one of the largest economies in the world. That is a stag-gering number, and they are growing. Regulatory costs amount to an average of almost $15,000 per household. It is around 29 percent of an average family budget of $51,000. People are noticing, not only in this country but globally. 
On Friday, the Financial Times had 
an article: ‘‘The land of free markets, tied down by red tape.’’ 
Every nation needs a unifying idea. Ameri-
cans love to see themselves as champions of free markets and entrepreneurial zeal. 
That halo is coming off America be-
cause of regulations. What should we do? I believe we need to freeze the growth of regulations. That is what my bill, the RED Tape Act of 2015, does. 
The cumulative Federal rules since 
1976 is what we do here. We grow them like some irresistible force of nature. But it doesn’t have to be that way. Un-fortunately, my State has been ground zero for many overburdensome regula-tions—bridges, roads, and mines that take years simply to permit, not to build. 
In rural Alaska, we are letting trash 
pile up because they don’t make small, portable incinerators that comply with EPA regulations. Because of Federal roadless rules in southeast Alaska, we can’t even build new alternative energy plants for energy-starved citizens of my State. Nationally, bridges are crumbling and can’t get built because of overly burdensome regulations. 
Let me provide one more example 
that you are aware of, Mr. President. Banks are failing. Because of regula-tions and a bad economy, over 1,300 small community banks have dis-appeared since 2010, and only two new banks in the United States have been chartered in the last 5 years. Even dur-ing the Great Depression we had on av-erage 19 new banks a year. In the last 5 years, we have had two. As the article 
said, ‘‘the entrepreneurial halo is start-ing to slip, too, since increasing quan-tities of red tape are making life hard-er for start-ups.’’ 
Let me be clear. Regulations are not 
all bad. Many of them keep us safe from harm. But the mountains and stacks of regulations over the decades undermine our future. 
What my bill would do is very simple. 
It is using a simple one-in, one-out method. New regulations that cause fi-nancial or administrative burdens on businesses for the people of the United States would need to be offset by re-pealing existing regulations. You issue a new reg and you repeal an old reg. If an agency doesn’t want to do this, the cost of living adjustments for the agen-cy personnel will be withheld until the agency abides by this law. It is very simple. 
What we need to do is stop this 
growth of regulations on the American people and on our economy. This bill will help keep the regulatory system under control. It will help cut the red-tape that binds us. It will bind the reg-ulatory system instead, and it will help bring back the shine of that entrepre-neurial halo in great American spirit that we all yearn for. 
Finally, it will make sure that the 
aces we have in our hand—the com-parative advantages that we have over every other country in the world—are used to benefit our country, grow our economy, and create a brighter future for our children. 
I ask my colleagues to support this 
bill. 
By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself, 
Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. C OTTON , 
Mrs. C APITO , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. 
MERKLEY , and Mr. C RAPO ): 
S. 1957. A bill to require the Attorney 
General to provide State officials with access to criminal history information with respect to certain financial serv-ice providers required to undergo State criminal background checks, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, 
today I am introducing the State Li-censing Efficiency Act with my col-
leagues Senators L
ANKFORD , COTTON , 
CAPITO , LEAHY , MERKLEY , and C RAPO . 
This bill provides a simple, common-
sense change to the Secure and Fair Enforcement for Mortgage Licensing Act, SAFE Act, which became law in 2008 as part of the Housing and Eco-nomic Recovery Act. 
Overall, this bipartisan bill stream-
lines the licensing process for financial service providers, and I urge my col-leagues to support it. 
The SAFE Act required that state 
banking regulators use the electronic Nationwide Mortgage Licensing Sys-tem, NMLS, to license or register mortgage loan originators. 
As the author of the SAFE Act, I 
have been pleased to see the NMLS’ success over the past five years in fa-cilitating mortgage loan originator li-censing. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05AU6.042 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6386 August 5, 2015 
The use of the NMLS for mortgage 
loan originators benefits state regu-lators, those seeking licenses to con-duct financial services, and consumers. 
First, it increases efficiency and con-
solidates the licensing process and rel-evant information in one place for state regulators. This also allows for easier coordination between regulators. 
Second, it provides a uniform licens-
ing process for mortgage loan origina-tors seeking licenses. 
Finally, it allows consumers to verify 
the credentials of financial service pro-viders to ensure that they are truly li-censed or registered in the state in which they are conducting business. 
Today, over half of the States now 
use the NMLS for licensing entities other than mortgage loan originators, including for non-depository financial service providers like check cashers, debt collectors, and money transmit-ters. 
Many States require Federal back-
ground checks as part of the licensing process for financial service providers. 
However, the SAFE Act only pro-
vided the Attorney General with the authority to share federal background check information with the NMLS for mortgage loan originators. 
The FBI does not have the authority 
to share this information with the NMLS for any other financial service provider. 
This means that while the rest of the 
licensing process for other financial service providers can be conducted through the NMLS, the background check cannot. 
I believe background checks are a 
critical component of State licensing and regulation. It does not make sense to allow for the licensing process to be delayed by barring certain background 
checks from being coordinated through the NMLS. 
The State Licensing Efficiency Act 
would provide the authorization needed for the Attorney General to allow the FBI to share background check infor-mation for non-depository financial service providers with state regulators through the NMLS, just as it currently does for mortgage loan originators. 
Let me be clear that this bill does 
not change any state licensing require-ments or impact any state laws. States fully retain the ability to determine when they want to use the NMLS for other financial service providers. 
However, should states continue to 
expand their utilization of the NMLS, it makes sense to allow them to fully do so by ensuring federal background checks can be coordinated through the NMLS. 
Additionally, this bill will help finan-
cial service providers seeking licenses in multiple states. 
Instead of submitting federal back-
ground check requests for each State where they are seeking a license, they can submit one request via the NMLS for Federal background check informa-tion, which will be sent to the NMLS. 
States conducting the licensing proc-
ess will then have access to the infor-mation through the NMLS. This should reduce the number of 
background check processing fees paid by financial service providers seeking licenses and reduce the processing pe-riod for the background checks so that financial service providers can get li-censed more efficiently. 
The State Licensing Efficiency Act 
makes a reasonable change to allow state regulators who use the NMLS for licensing financial service providers to fully benefit from a streamlined, trans-parent, and more efficient process. 
Many regulatory associations sup-
port this bill including: the Conference of State Bank Supervisors, the Amer-ican Association of Residential Mort-gage Regulators, the Money Trans-mitter Regulators Association, the North American Collection Agency Regulatory Association, and the Na-tional Association of Consumer Credit Administrators. 
Additionally, associations rep-
resenting a variety of financial service providers have voiced support, includ-ing: the Appraisal Institute, the Mort-gage Bankers Association, and the Money Services Round Table. 
I strongly urge my colleagues to sup-
port this legislation and am hopeful that this Congress will move it for-ward. 
By Mr. REED (for himself and 
Mrs. S HAHEEN ): 
S. 1960. A bill to establish a statute of 
limitations for certain actions of the Securities and Exchange Commission, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, today I am 
reintroducing legislation that extends 
the time period the Securities and Ex-change Commission, SEC, would have to seek civil monetary penalties for se-curities law violations. 
This legislation continues to be nec-
essary in light of the Supreme Court’s decision in Gabelli v. SEC in which the Court held that the 5 year clock to take action aginst wrongdoing starts when the fraud occurs, not when it is discovered. Unfortunately, Gabelli has made it more difficult for the SEC to protect investors by shortening the amount of time that the SEC has to in-vestigate and pursue securities law vio-lations. 
Financial fraud has evolved consider-
ably over the years and now often con-sists of multiple parties, complex fi-nancial products, and elaborate trans-actions that are executed in a variety of securities markets, both domestic and foreign. As a result, the evidence of wrongdoing needed to initiate an ac-tion may go undetected for years. Se-curities law violators may simply run out the clock, now with greater ease in the aftermath of Gabelli. 
Couple this with the reality that 
while we have given the SEC even greater responsibilities, Congress, de-spite my ongoing efforts to urge other-wise, has not provided the agency with all the resources necessary to carry out its duties. To give an example of the impact of 
this resource shortfall, SEC Chair White on May 5, 2015, before the Senate Financial Services and General Gov-ernment Appropriations Subcommittee testified that ‘‘even with the SEC’s ef-ficient use of limited resources to im-prove its risk assessment capabilities and focus its examination staff on areas posing the greatest risk to inves-tors—efforts that helped to increase the number of investment adviser ex-aminations approximately 20 percent from fiscal year 2013—the SEC was only able to examine 10 percent of reg-istered investment advisers in fiscal year 2014. A rate of adviser examina-tion coverage at that level presents a high risk to the investing public.’’ 
This legislation would address some 
of these challenges by giving the SEC the breathing room it needs to better protect our markets and investors. Specifically, this bill extends the time period the SEC has to seek civil mone-tary penalties from five years to ten years, thereby strengthening the integ-rity of our markets, better protecting investors, and empowering the SEC to investigate and pursue more securities law violators, particularly those most sophisticated at evading detection. 
In addition, the bill would align the 
SEC’s statute of limitations with the limitations period applicable to com-plex civil financial fraud actions initi-ated pursuant to the Financial Institu-tions Reform, Recovery, and Enforce-ment Act of 1989, FIRREA. For more than 20 years, the Department of Jus-tice, DOJ, has benefited from FIRREA, which allows the DOJ to seek civil pen-alties within a 10-year time period against persons who have committed fraud against financial institutions. The SEC, which pursues similarly com-plex financial fraud cases, should have the same time necessary to bring wrongdoers that violate the securities laws to justice. 
I thank Public Citizen, U.S. PIRG, 
Consumer Action, the Consumer Fed-eration of America, and Americans for Financial Reform for their support, and I urge my colleagues to join Sen-ator S
HAHEEN and me in supporting 
this legislation. 
By Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Ms. 
STABENOW , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. B EN-
NET, Mr. B ROWN , Ms. C ANTWELL , 
Mr. S CHUMER , and Mr. M ENEN -
DEZ): 
S. 1964. A bill to amend parts B and E 
of title IV of the Social Security Act to invest in funding prevention and fam-ily services to help keep children safe and supported at home with their fami-lies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I rise 
today to discuss an issue of great im-portance: helping vulnerable children stay safe and cared for by strength-ening their families and connecting them to kin. 
I would like to begin with a hypo-
thetical. Imagine a single mom with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:11 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05AU6.026 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6387 August 5, 2015 
two kids and multiple part time jobs. 
She works long hours to provide for her family, but even then it is a struggle to pay the bills and keep food on the table. Reliable child care is extremely costly and out of reach. Because her work schedule changes week to week she is forced to leave her children unat-tended at times. Out of concern, a neighbor places a call to Child Protec-tive Services, and a social worker then has to choose between two bad op-tions—breaking up the family, or doing nothing at all to help them. 
Today, most youngsters in foster 
care aren’t there because of physical or sexual abuse. Kids predominantly wind up in foster care because their biologi-cal families, like that hypothetical sin-gle mom, are ensnared in terribly des-perate circumstances that lead to ne-glect. 
The fact is, whenever you talk with 
kids who have aged out of foster care about what could have helped them the most, you hear them say things like, ‘‘helping my mom . . . helping my dad . . . helping my family.’’ What that tells me is that youngsters know they’re best served when a family can be propped up, not dismantled. 
Unfortunately, the child welfare sys-
tem has too few tools for that to hap-pen. Yesterday, the Finance Com-mittee held a hearing to explore how to turn that system around—how to make a difference for kids early on so that they can grow up surrounded by family in a safe and loving home. I commend Chairman H
ATCH for his commitment 
to improving the lives of vulnerable kids and their families. The hearing was an important step forward. 
Back in the mid–1990s, there was a 
debate over whether sending kids to or-phanages was the right idea. And I saw an opportunity for our child welfare policies to break into the enormous, untapped potential of kin. So I au-thored the Kinship Care Act, which said that aunts and uncles or grand-parents who met the right standards would have first preference when it came to caring for a niece or nephew or grandchild. It became the first federal law of its kind. 
Now in 2015, I see an opportunity for 
Congress to take a similar approach, but go even further. I believe that building child welfare policies around proactivity and flexibility will help a lot more families stay together and thrive. States have already shown that with waivers from the rigid Federal funding system, they’re able to turn smart ideas into meaningful results for kids and their families, There is a tre-mendous example that my home state of Oregon is currently putting in place. It’s called Differential Response. Dif-ferential Response, as I see it, is all about recognizing that every kid is dif-ferent, and every family faces unique challenges. So Oregon’s system is ap-proaching every case with the nuance it deserves. 
Today I—along with Senators S
TABE -
NOW, B ENNET , CASEY , B ROWN , CANT-WELL , SCHUMER , and M ENENDEZ —am in-
troducing the Family Stability and Kinship Care Act that will make badly needed flexibility a core part of our child welfare system. The purpose of this bill is to give states and tribes the ability to make modest front-end in-vestments in family services and kin-ship placement in order to reduce cost-ly and traumatic stays in foster care. Under current law, title IV-E of the So-cial Security Act, the nation’s largest child welfare funding stream, provides states and tribes with a Federal fund-ing match for children only after they are placed in foster care. In contrast, State and tribal innovations imple-mented through title IV-E waivers sug-gest that permitting spending for pre-ventive family services can reduce the prevalence and length of foster care placements while maintaining or im-proving safety and permanency out-comes for children. Further, State ex-periences with subsidized guardianship demonstrate that when children cannot remain with their parents, they do best when placed with kin. 
This bill enhances Federal funding 
available under parts B and E of title IV of the Social Security Act for pre-vention and family services to help keep children safe and supported at home with their parents or other fam-ily members. It gives states and tribes the flexibility to adapt evidence-based family services to the specific needs of each family. It ensures that states and tribes are held accountable for allo-cating services in ways that maximize safety, permanency, and well-being for children, while minimizing the preva-lence of lengthy foster care place-ments. 
We need more than two options—fos-
ter care or nothing—when the child protection system gets involved. By helping families afford child care, maybe it is possible to prevent out-right neglect. Maybe mom or dad needs counseling or medical help. Maybe they need help covering the bills or finding employment. Oftentimes, a youngster’s aunt, uncle, or grand-parents could step up and take them in, but they shouldn’t have to take on that job without assistance. More often than not, in my judgement, it’s abso-lutely worth exploring those avenues before breaking a family apart. In fact, it can save resources in the long run without compromising on safety. 
I look forward to working with 
Chairman H
ATCH and the full Senate to 
advance this legislation and I am hope-ful that together, we can make this critical investment in children and their families. 
By Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Mr. 
PAUL, Mr. L EE, and Mr. D UR-
BIN): 
S. 1965. A bill to place restrictions on 
the use of solitary confinement for ju-veniles in Federal custody; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, today I 
am proud to stand here with Senators R
AND PAUL, MIKELEE, and D ICKDUR-
BINin introducing the Maintaining dig-
nity and Eliminating unnecessary Re-strictive Confinement of Youths Act of 2015, or the MERCY Act. This bipar-tisan bill would prohibit juvenile de-tention facilities from placing feder-ally adjudicated delinquents in solitary confinement and would limit the use of such confinement for all juveniles in federal pretrial detainment. Prolonged use of solitary confinement of young people often results in severe psycho-logical harm and it is time the federal government leads on this issue and bans the practice. 
The juvenile justice system was cre-
ated because it has always been under-
stood that children are different than adults and need special protection. It was founded on the principle that youth are malleable and, therefore, the focus should be on rehabilitation rath-er than punishment. Adolescents are still developing psychologically and physiologically and have different needs than adults. In fact, research has shown that brains in humans do not fully develop in most individuals until the age of 25, which underscores the fragility of these young Americans. Unfortunately, our juvenile justice sys-tem has lost its way and the emphasis has shifted from one of rehabilitation to punishment. Children are finding themselves trapped in a criminal jus-tice system that does more harm than good and nowhere is that more evident than in the practice of solitary confine-ment. 
In 2011 alone, more than 95,000 youth 
were held in prisons and jails, and a significant number were held in isola-tion. In 2013, the Department of Justice found that 47 percent of juvenile deten-tion centers locked youth in solitary confinement for more than four hours at a time, and some held youth for up to 23 hours a day with no human inter-action. Words can hardly explain the horrors many children face while placed in isolation. Young people held in solitary suffer from resounding psy-chological and neurological damage, including depression, hallucinations, paranoia, anger, and anxiety. U.S. Su-preme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy recently commented on the practice of solitary confinement in an opinion and said, ‘‘The penal system has a solitary confinement regime that will bring you to the edge of madness, perhaps to madness itself.’’ The negative impact that this practice can have on youth is evidenced by the fact that studies have shown that half of all suicides by juve-niles in detention facilities occurred in isolation. 
Medical experts to civil and human 
rights advocates have made calls to end this horrible practice. The United Nations Special Rapporteur on Torture called for the practice to be banned across the globe. Despite the extensive data that demonstrates the harmful nature of solitary, the United States continues to use solitary confinement at alarming rates. It is time the United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:11 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05AU6.029 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6388 August 5, 2015 
States catch up to international stand-
ards and ban the use of unnecessary ju-venile solitary confinement. 
The MERCY Act would prohibit the 
use of solitary confinement of youth adjudicated delinquent in the Federal system, unless it is a temporary re-sponse to a serious risk of harm to the juvenile or others. Additionally, it would preclude the use of solitary con-finement of any youth awaiting trial in federal court regardless of whether that person is being tried as an adult or juvenile. The bill ensures that before a juvenile is placed in room confine-ment, the staff member must use the least restrictive techniques, including de-escalation techniques or discussions with a qualified mental health profes-sional. It mandates that juveniles be informed of why the room confinement placement occurred and that release will occur upon the youth regaining self-control or a certain period of time has elapsed. The Mercy Act limits soli-tary confinement on juveniles that pose a risk of harm to others to no more than 3 hours and to juveniles who pose a risk of harm to themselves to no more than half an hour. Finally, after the maximum periods of confinement expires, the bill mandates that juve-niles be transferred to a facility where appropriate services can be provided. 
If we truly want our criminal justice 
system to reflect our founding prin-ciples as a nation of liberty and justice for all, we must promote a more com-passionate, common sense approach to rehabilitation that helps restore prom-ise in our young people. It is time we ban the solitary confinement of youth and I urge the speedy passage of the bi-partisan MERCY Act. 
By Mrs. BOXER (for herself and 
Mrs. F EINSTEIN ): 
S. 1971. A bill to expand the boundary 
of the California Coastal National Monument, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I am 
pleased to introduce the California Coastal National Monument Expansion Act, legislation that would expand the current Monument to include about 6,200 acres of pristine public lands across four California counties. I am proud to be joined in this effort by my friend from California, Senator D
IANNE  
FEINSTEIN . 
In 2000, President Clinton made his-
tory when he designated the California Coastal National Monument, which stretches the entire 1,100 miles of Cali-fornia’s coastline and protects more than 20,000 small islands, rocks, ex-posed reefs and islands between Mexico and Oregon. It also protects the habi-tat for a variety of wildlife including seabirds, California sea lions and southern sea otters. 
In 2012, I introduced legislation with 
Senator F
EINSTEIN and Congressman 
MIKETHOMPSON to expand the Monu-
ment to include the Point Arena- Stornetta Public Lands in Mendocino County. We were grateful when Presi-
dent Obama took action last year to add these spectacular lands as the first onshore addition to the monument. 
The legislation we are introducing 
today would expand the California Coastal National Monument again to include five more onshore sites, cre-ating a new network of federal coastal properties for the public to enjoy. By highlighting these sites, the measure would also boost tourism and the econ-omy of communities up and down the coast. 
Each one of these new areas is 
unique, with its own rugged landscape, its own majestic views of the Pacific Ocean and its own history. Each piece tells us part of the fascinating story of the development of California and our Nation. 
In Humboldt County, one of my 
State’s northern most counties, this legislation would protect Trinidad Head—13 acres of rocky shoreline which offers visitors breathtaking views of offshore sea stacks and the City of Trinidad, the oldest town on the northern California coast. The land is also home to the historic Trinidad Head lighthouse, which dates back to 1871 when it helped guide vessels car-rying lumber up and down the Redwood Coast. 
The Lost Coast Headlands in Hum-
boldt County would also be included, providing visitors access to 440 acres of some of the most spectacular scenery in northern California. From alpine forests and rolling mountains to coast-al bluffs south of the mouth of the Eel River, this area offers a little some-thing for every outdoor enthusiast, whether it is hiking, bird watching or beachcombing. These lands also played an important role during the Cold War when the U.S. Navy opened a post there to monitor Soviet submarines. 
The Monument would be expanded to 
encompass Lighthouse Ranch, about 11 miles south of Eureka, which sits on eight acres of a former U.S. Coast Guard station once used as a Christian commune. Today, it offers breath-taking, panoramic views of the Eel River Delta, Humboldt Bay and the Pa-cific Ocean. 
Drive about 350 miles south of Hum-
boldt County to Santa Cruz County and you will discover the Cotoni-Coast Dairies—5,780 acres of former dairy and cement plant lands. Its name is a nod to the Cotoni Indians, who lived there for thousands of years, and the Swiss dairy farmers who ran the land as a farm and ranch for much of the 20th century. The area, which would also be included in the Monument, draws in visitors with its redwoods, coastal grasslands, foothills and watersheds that flow directly into the northern Monterrey Bay. 
The bill would also preserve Piedras 
Blancas—20 acres with 425 state-owned acres cooperatively managed by the Bureau of Land Management, BLM, in Big Sur. Named for three white rocks just off the end of the point, the area is well-known for its historic 19th cen-
tury lighthouse and is also an impor-tant ecological research area. Tourists come to catch a glimpse of a beautiful landscape untouched by development and see wildlife like Elephant Seals, sea lions and sea birds. 
Additionally our legislation would 
protect one offshore site—a group of small rocks and islands off the coast of Orange County. Back in the 1930s, the Coast Guard considered using these properties for lighthouses, but the agency now agrees they should be per-manently protected as part of the Na-tional Monument. Under this bill, these amazing rocks and islands will remain a pristine part of California’s natural heritage. 
These are some of the most magnifi-
cent lands in the country, and we have a responsibility to protect them for current and future generations. That is why expanding the California Coastal National Monument is so critical. 
The new designation would perma-
nently protect each site from develop-ment and would ensure stronger pro-tections for a diverse array of wildlife that call the area home, many of which are endangered. It would also help re-store habitats and protect water qual-ity by placing these properties under one management plan to allow for bet-ter coordination of available resources. 
Expanding the Monument is not just 
good for our conservation efforts—it is also good for the economy. Each of these natural treasures showcases the breathtaking coastlines and rec-reational opportunities that draw visi-tors from California and across the world. 
Listen to the numbers from these 
three California counties: In Humboldt County, tourism is responsible for more than $330 million every year. In Santa Cruz County, tourism brings in more than $700 million every year and is one of the county’s top industries. Tourism in San Luis Obispo County produces more than $1 billion annually and is also the county’s largest indus-try, supporting 15,570 jobs in 2011. 
Designating these sites as part of the 
National Monument will not only gen-erate more economic activity, it will help attract increased resources to sup-port the needs of the area, including additional conservation programs. 
The expansion of this National Monu-
ment has strong support from a large coalition of local governments, elected officials, business owners, landowners, farmers, private individuals, and many conservation and outdoor industry groups. This impressive grassroots ef-fort shows how deeply our citizens care about the future of these public lands, and I am proud to support their hard work and commitment. 
I urge my colleagues to support this 
bill to expand the California Coastal National Monument and help protect these spectacular lands for generations to come. 
By Ms. HEITKAMP: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:04 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05AU6.026 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6389 August 5, 2015 
S. 1974. A bill to require the Bureau 
of Consumer Financial Protection to amend its regulations relating to quali-fied mortgages, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. 
Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, the 
mid-2000s housing bubble was fueled by cheap access to credit and unsound, de-ceptive, and sometimes fraudulent 
mortgage lending practices. Borrowers were offered risky, high-cost loans they could neither afford nor understand by originators who abandoned traditional underwriting process, accepted loan ap-plications with little or no documenta-tion, and directly profited from selling unsustainable loans wholesale. The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act contains many necessary and important reforms to the mortgage origination industry to prevent future abuses. However, the law is complex and has, unintention-ally, imposed onerous, one-size-fits-all rules on community banks and local fi-nancial institutions that originate mortgages to entrepreneurs and farm-ers. 
For over a decade, and under super-
vision of the Federal Housing Finance Agency, the Federal Home Loan Banks, FHLBanks, have operated a set of mortgage programs that ensure small financial institutions can expand ac-cess to credit and originate affordable mortgages in their communities. The Mortgage Partnership Finance pro-gram—and the similar Mortgage Pur-chase Program—provides members an alternative secondary mortgage mar-ket. A FHLBank purchases a mortgage and manages the liquidity, interest rate, and prepayment risks while the originating bank member assumes some credit risk for the loans. 
The FHLB mortgage programs’ 
guidelines prior to the passage of the Dodd-Frank Act often met or exceeded the standards that we now know as Qualified Mortgage, QM, but the re-quirements were flexible and not un-duly burdensome. QM status provides originators the legal and regulatory certainty they need to expand safe ac-cess to affordable mortgages. The FHLBanks have since harmonized their standards with QM, but some member banks struggle to comply due to the strict requirements, such as Appendix Q, for assessing a consumer’s ability to repay. For example, the general QM op-tion in some circumstances prevents community banks and credit unions that originate mortgages to the self- employed from selling those loans to the FHLBanks. This outcome is prob-lematic because the FHLBank System is the only avenue for mortgage resale for many small financial institutions; without the ability to resell to the FHLBanks, credit availability is con-strained in communities served by these institutions. 
Small financial institutions that par-
ticipate in the FHLBank System en-gage in relationship lending—their cus-tomers are their neighbors, their youth sports coaches, their community lead-
ers—and they should not be required to comply with burdensome regulations designed to clamp down on unsound mortgage lending practices at large in-stitutions. The legislation I am intro-ducing today, the Relationship Lending Preservation Act, would allow these fi-nancial institutions to continue serv-ing farmers and entrepreneurs while ensuring the safety and soundness of the mortgage origination system. The bill simply requires the Consumer Fi-nancial Protection Bureau, CFPB, to establish a distinct QM option for loans eligible to be purchased by a FHLBank or loans participating in a credit risk 
sharing program established by a FHLBank pursuant to regulations issued by the Federal Housing Finance Agency. This legislation is supported by The Council of FHLBanks and oth-ers in the financial community. 
In practice, the bill will provide QM 
status to loans sold to the FHLBanks that would have otherwise qualified for the general QM option except for the income and debt rules. Institutions would still be required, by FHLBank regulation, to adhere to underwriting and documentation requirements. The legislation provides parity between the FHLBanks and Fannie and Freddie, and it mirrors a request by the FHLBanks to the CFPB to modify QM to accommodate sales to the FHLBanks. Just as mortgages sold to Fannie and Freddie qualify for QM sta-tus, participants of the FHLBank mortgage programs should be eligible for QM. 
It is important to note that this leg-
islation is narrowly tailored to benefit truly community financial institu-tions—the new option is limited to the commonly accepted definition of com-munity banks, those institutions with less than $10 billion in assets—and does not increase systemic risk. Sixty-seven percent of participants in the FHLB mortgage programs are institutions with less than $500 million in total as-sets—these are the smallest of the small lenders. Additionally, the FHLB mortgage programs require lenders to retain a portion of the loan’s credit risk. This ‘‘skin in the game’’ provision ensures originators are making quality loans that will be repaid; in fact, loans participating in the FHLB mortgage programs have a 1.47 percent 90-day de-linquency rate, less than 2/3 the na-tional average of 2.29 percent. 
Community-based financial institu-
tions are central to promoting growth and economic prosperity in small and rural communities throughout North Dakota and the Nation. These institu-tions were not the cause of the housing and financial crises and should not be subject to regulations meant for large- scale mortgage-origination institu-tions. The Relationship Lending Pres-ervation Act will ensure small finan-cial institutions can continue to do what they do best: serve their commu-nities by providing affordable mort-gages. I urge my colleagues to support this bill—community financial institu-
tions, and the families they serve, are too important for our country’s future. 
By Ms. MIKULSKI (for herself, 
Ms. B ALDWIN , Mrs. B OXER , Ms. 
CANTWELL , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mrs. 
GILLIBRAND , Ms. H EITKAMP , Ms. 
HIRONO , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mrs. 
MCCASKILL , Mrs. M URRAY , Mrs. 
SHAHEEN , Ms. S TABENOW , and 
Ms. W ARREN ): 
S. 1975. A bill to establish the Sewall- 
Belmont House National Historic Site as a unit of the National Park System, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
Ms. MIKULSKI. Mr. President, I rise 
to speak about the urgent need to au-thorize the Sewall-Belmont House & Museum as part of the National Park Service. 
Sewall-Belmont is a critical piece of 
our Nation’s history. It was the home of Alice Paul and the National Wom-an’s Party, whose perseverance brought the movement for women’s suffrage over the finish line with the enactment of the 19th Amendment to the Constitution. Today it helps tell the story of one of the most important chapters in our Nation’s history by highlighting the political strategies and techniques of Alice Paul and the National Woman’s Party, which be-came the blueprint for civil rights or-ganizations throughout the 20th cen-tury. 
The Sewall-Belmont House was more 
than a house—it was a home to great minds and leaders, thanks to the gen-erosity of women like Alva Belmont. It was a place where women could live, rest, and work without fear of harass-ment while they fought boldly for the ballot. 
In the 1970s, when they were threat-
ening to tear down this building to make way for the Senate offices, Pat Schroeder and the women of the House rallied to save it. Now it is a museum where today’s generation can learn about the courageous women who came before them. This house has always been the scene of making history, and has always stood for women’s em-powerment. 
However, today Sewall-Belmont is in 
dire need of federal support if it is to continue to serve the public. While the National Woman’s Party has been suc-cessfully operating the House and man-aging its historic collection, it has been forced to cut back on public tours, research requests, and educational pro-grams due to the growing capital needs of managing an aging building. 
Sewall-Belmont is a National His-
toric Landmark, listed on the National Register of Historic Places, and one of four designations supported by the Save America’s Treasures legislation. The National Park Service recently completed a feasibility study which concluded that Sewall-Belmont’s deep 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05AU6.024 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6390 August 5, 2015 
historical significance and unique con-
tribution to our Nation’s history war-rants its full inclusion into the Na-tional Park Service. This would not only give it the resources it needs to continue to educate the public, but would send a powerful message that women’s history is an important part of our Nation’s history. 
Women fought for decades against 
great onslaught to secure the right to vote. One hundred and sixty-seven 
years ago, in July 1848, the first-ever women’s rights convention was held in Seneca Falls. This convention was the beginning of one of the greatest social movements of all time, kicking off the actions of the first generation of suf-fragists and making women’s suffrage a national topic. 
At this convention, Elizabeth Cady 
Stanton and Lucretia Mott stood up to meet the challenges of their time. They mobilized and they organized the American women’s rights movement. They called for a convention; they called for action; they made history; they changed history. And that revolu-tion keeps on going. 
In the 20th century, Alice Paul took 
the lead in the women’s suffrage move-ment. In 1916, she formed the National Woman’s Party which would fight for suffrage until the 19th Amendment to the Constitution was finally enacted in 1920—long overdue. 
Alice Paul was a groundbreaker and 
a changemaker, risking arrest and in-humane treatment so the women of America could be part of a true democ-racy. With their banners and sashes, Alice Paul led the Iron Jawed Angels marching on Washington to President Wilson’s White House. Her Silent Sen-tinels stood in rain, sleet, and snow as daily reminders of America’s con-science. They called for women’s right to vote at a time when women didn’t have a voice. Their cause captivated the nation! With each step they took, they marched toward a future where women weren’t just able to vote, but were on the ballot. 
Wouldn’t Alice Paul be so proud to 
see twenty women in the United States Senate? I’m so proud to be one of them. The women of the Senate are changing history by changing the tide and changing the tone. When I arrived in the Senate in 1986, I was the first Democratic woman elected in her own right, and the sixteenth woman to serve. There are more women serving right this minute, today—fourteen Democrats and six Republicans—than had served in all of American history when I arrived. 
I am so proud of all of the accom-
plishments made by the women of the Senate. But we didn’t get here by our-selves. Not a single one of us would be here without Alice Paul and the Na-tional Woman’s Party. That is why it is so important that we not only pre-serve the place where they fought for women’s full inclusion in society, the Sewall-Belmont House, but elevate it to its rightful spot among our Nation’s most important national treasures. There are very few sites in the Na-
tional Park System that celebrate women’s history. I am proud that Maryland is home to one of those sites with the newly authorized Harriet Tub-man Underground Railroad National Historical Park in Cambridge. But it is not enough. 
Today, women have the right to vote 
and the right to be on the ballot. But we have so much more to accomplish to become fully equal members of soci-ety. It is critical that we remind to-day’s generation of women and men of this long and important history so that we can keep in mind the lessons learned from these movements as we march toward full equality. As I serve my last term in the United States Sen-ate, there is nothing more important to me than preserving the legacy of this fight. 
By Mr. CARDIN (for himself and 
Mr. B OOZMAN ): 
S. 1982. A bill to authorize a Wall of 
Remembrance as part of the Korean War Veterans Memorial and to allow certain private contributions to fund the Wall of Remembrance; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I rise 
today to discuss the Korean War Vet-erans Memorial and the legislation I am introducing along with Senator B
OOZMAN . This legislation authorizes 
the addition of a ‘‘Wall of Remem-brance’’ to the Korean War Veterans Memorial, without the use of public funds. 
The Korean War, often referred to as 
the ‘‘Forgotten War,’’ began on June 25, 1950. During the three-year course of the war, some 5.7 million Americans were called to serve, and by the time the Korean Armistice Agreement was signed in July 1953, more than 36,000 Americans sacrificed their lives, 103,284 were wounded, 7,140 were captured, and 664 were missing. 
To honor the Americans who served 
during the Korean War, on October 28, 1986, Congress passed H.R. 2005, Public Law 99–572, authorizing the construc-tion of the Korean War Veterans Me-morial located in West Potomac Park, southeast of the Lincoln Memorial and just south of the Reflecting Pool on the National Mall. For those of you who have visited this memorial, it is quite a moving experience. But unlike some other memorials, it does not list the names of those who died while serving their country. 
My legislation authorizes the addi-
tion of a Wall of Remembrance to the existing Korean War Veterans Memo-rial. The Wall of Remembrance would list the names of members of the Armed Forces of the United States who died in theater in the Korean War, as well as the number of service members who were wounded in action, are listed as missing in action, or who were pris-oners of war during the Korean War. The Wall would also list the number of members of the Korean Augmentation to the U.S. Army, the Republic of Ko-
rean Armed Forces, and other nations of the United Nations Command who were killed in action, wounded in ac-tion, are listed as missing in action, or were prisoners of war. 
Korean War Veterans Memorials that 
display the names of a nation’s fallen soldiers can be found across the globe. Authorizing a Wall of Remembrance here in the United States is just one way we can help ensure that those who died while serving our country in the ‘‘Forgotten War’’ are no longer forgot-ten. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this legislation. 
By Mrs. BOXER (for herself and 
Mrs. F EINSTEIN ): 
S. 1983. A bill to authorize the 
Pechanga Band of Luiseno Mission In-dians Water Rights Settlement, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. 
Mrs. BOXER. Mr. President, I am 
pleased to reintroduce the Pechanga Band of Luisen ˜o Mission Indians Water 
Rights Settlement Act of 2013. This legislation will implement a settle-ment concerning the water rights of the Pechanga Band of Luisen ˜o Mission 
Indians, who have been engaged for several decades in a struggle for rec-ognition and protection of their feder-ally reserved groundwater rights. 
Since 1951, the Pechanga have been 
involved in litigation initiated by the United States concerning water rights in the Santa Margarita watershed. The Pechanga’s interest has been in pro-tecting their groundwater supplies, which are shared with municipal devel-opments in the San Diego region. Be-ginning in 2006, the Pechanga worked with local water districts to negotiate a cooperative solution and put an end to their dispute. 
The Pechanga Settlement Agreement 
is a comprehensive agreement nego-tiated among the Pechanga, the United States on their behalf, and several California water districts, including the Rancho California Water District, Eastern Municipal Water District, and the Metropolitan Water District. The Settlement recognizes the Pechanga’s tribal water right to 4994 acre-feet of water per year and outlines a series of measures to guarantee this amount. It is a watershed wide solution that pro-tects the rights of the Pechanga while providing greater certainty and re-sources to the management of the ba-sin’s water supplies. 
I am pleased to be joined by Senator 
F
EINSTEIN in introducing this legisla-
tion. Our bill not only provides the Pechanga with long-overdue assurances of their water rights, but also exempli-fies all the good that can be accom-plished when parties put aside their differences and come to the table to ne-gotiate collaborative solutions. 
By Mr. REID: 
S. 1986. A bill to provide for a land 
conveyance in the State of Nevada; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:04 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05AU6.036 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6391 August 5, 2015 
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I ask unan-
imous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 1986 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Moapa Band 
of Paiutes Land Conveyance Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) M
AP.—The term ‘‘map’’ means the map 
entitled ‘‘Moapa River Reservation Expan-sion’’, dated August 5, 2015, and on file and available for public inspection in the appro-priate offices of the Bureau of Land Manage-ment. 
(2) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of the Interior. 
(3) T RIBE.—The term ‘‘Tribe’’ means the 
Moapa Band of Paiutes. 
SEC. 3. TRANSFER OF LAND TO BE HELD IN 
TRUST FOR THE MOAPA BAND OF PAIUTES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to valid existing 
rights, all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the land described in subsection (b) shall be— 
(1) held in trust by the United States for 
the benefit of the Tribe; and 
(2) part of the reservation of the Tribe. 
(b) D
ESCRIPTION OF LAND.—The land re-
ferred to in subsection (a) is the approxi-mately 25,977 acres of land administered by the Bureau of Land Management and the Bu-reau of Reclamation as generally depicted on the map as ‘‘Reservation Expansion Land’’. 
(c) S
URVEY .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall complete a survey of the bound-ary lines to establish the boundaries of the land taken into trust under subsection (a). 
(d) G
AMING .—Land taken into trust under 
this section shall not be eligible, or consid-ered to have been taken into trust, for class II gaming or class III gaming (as those terms are defined in section 4 of the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act (25 U.S.C. 2703)). 
SEC. 4. TRIBAL FEE LAND TO BE HELD IN TRUST. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—All right, title, and inter-
est of the Tribe in and to the land described in subsection (b) shall be— 
(1) held in trust by the United States for 
the benefit of the Tribe; and 
(2) part of the reservation of the Tribe. 
(b) D
ESCRIPTION OF THE LAND.—The land re-
ferred to in subsection (a) is the approxi-mately 88 acres of land held in fee by the Tribe as generally depicted on the map as ‘‘Fee Into Trust Lands’’. 
(c) S
URVEY .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall complete a survey of the bound-ary lines to establish the boundaries of the land taken into trust under subsection (a). 
By Mr. M CCAIN: 
S. 1991. A bill to eliminate the sunset 
date for the Choice Program of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, to ex-pand eligibility for such program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, this Fri-
day marks 1 year since the Veterans’ Access to Care through Choice, Ac-countability and Transparency Act was signed into law by President Obama. This bipartisan legislation was in-tended to address the nationwide scan-dal involving the death of at least 40 
veterans who had been waiting for weeks, months, and even years for nec-essary care from the VA. Ultimately, we learned that senior VA officials pur-posely denied care and lied about it to obtain financial bonuses. We are still cleaning-up the aftermath of this scan-dal and Congress’ work continues today. 
The hallmark of that law is the VA 
Choice Card, which for the first time allows veterans who can’t make an ap-pointment in a reasonable time frame or who live far from a VA medical fa-cility, to see the doctor of their choice to get the care they need. But, with all the bureaucratic hoops that the VA has required veterans to jump through to use the Choice Card since that law’s enactment and the lack of information the VA has provided veterans and rel-evant providers on how to get and use the Card, the VA has clearly been re-luctant to expanding choice for vet-erans. Even after a year, I continue to get e-mails, letters and phone calls from veterans and their caregivers who are extremely frustrated with the in-ability to use the VA Choice Card. 
As I said at the time, last year’s bill 
was meant as a beginning, not an end, to addressing inadequate care for our veterans. While the current law au-thorizes a three-year pilot program to begin implementation of the VA Choice Card, the year that has passed since its enactment has shown is that there is overwhelming demand for veterans to have the same freedom of choice for their health care that military and ci-vilian retirees have. 
I have long advocated for our vet-
erans to have the flexibility to choose where and when they receive the care they have earned. And the Permanent VA Choice Card Act that I am intro-ducing today moves us in that direc-tion. 
The Permanent VA Choice Card Act 
makes the current 3-year pilot program for the VA Choice Card permanent. This would help remove uncertainty both within the VA, among providers, and especially among our disabled vet-erans that this program is here to stay. 
Also, the Permanent VA Choice Card 
Act would expand eligibility for the Choice Card. Any service-connected veteran enrolled through the VA should have access to this level of choice. It would do so by removing the requirement that a qualified veteran live more than 40 miles from a VA fa-cility or have to wait 30 days for an ap-pointment. 
It is clear our veterans are in need of 
care and are not able to receive it. More than a year after the VA scandal and a year since the Choice Act was signed into law, wait-times are still too long and in some facilities are even longer than they were a year ago. The VA has made it challenging for those with the VA Choice Card to make ap-pointments, get follow-ups, and to see specialists near their homes. By enact-ing the Permanent VA Choice Card Act, we will make sure that no veteran 
should be denied needed care due to wait times or distance to a VA facility. 
By Mr. NELSON: 
S. 1999. A bill to authorize the Sec-
retary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating to act, with-out liability for certain damages, to prevent and respond to the threat of damage from pollution of the sea by crude oil, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, tourists 
flock every year to enjoy the inviting waters of the South Florida—sun-bathing on Miami Beach, boating in Biscayne Bay National Park, snor-keling on treasured coral reefs of the Florida Keys National Marine Sanc-tuary. And you might take a souvenir picture at the Southernmost Point in Key West. Standing there, you are clos-er to Cuba—90 miles away—than you are to Miami, which is 160 miles away. 
In 1977, the U.S. negotiated a Mari-
time Boundary with Cuba for fisheries and other continental shelf activities, like oil exploration, roughly halfway between our nations—or 45 miles from the Southernmost Point in Key West. Since 2005, several oil companies have leased blocks in Cuban waters south of that line to drill for oil. Can you imag-ine the damage to our environment and our economy if oil was to coat two na-tional parks, a national marine sanc-tuary, a national wildlife refuge, iconic coral reefs, world-class fisheries, and beloved beaches? It would be cata-strophic. In fact, the Florida Keys Na-tional Marine Sanctuary was created specifically to protect against threats like an oil spill. 
In 2012, four companies tried and 
failed to find oil. But recently, an An-golan company has ramped up plans to drill in late 2016. We are simply not prepared to protect U.S. interests from an oil spill off Cuba. The loop current that saved South Florida from the brunt of the damage from Deepwater Horizon becomes the Florida current as it runs between the Keys and Cuba and then those waters enter the Gulf Stream hugging the coast of Florida and heading north along the eastern seaboard. An oil spill in Cuban waters would almost certainly follow that same path. 
For a decade, I have fought tooth and 
nail to protect our environment and economy from a Cuban spill. Given the news that drilling will resume next year, it is imperative that the agencies we rely on to prevent and respond to oil spills are prepared. And even though Cuba is the closest threat, an oil spill off Mexico, Bahamas, or Ja-maica could enter U.S. waters. So today, I am introducing the Caribbean Oil Spill Intervention, Prevention, and Preparedness Act—a comprehensive framework to protect U.S. interests from foreign oil spills. 
The bill would strengthen the au-
thority of the Coast Guard to intervene 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05AU6.034 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6392 August 5, 2015 
and make sure that we have up-to-date 
accurate information about the ocean currents off of Cuba’s coast so that we know where an oil spill might go. It re-quires the relevant Federal agencies to negotiate oil pollution prevention and response with countries bordering the Gulf of Mexico and Straits of Florida especially to protect our National Ma-rine Sanctuaries like the Florida Keys. The bill ensures we have a plan to pro-tect coral reef ecosystems all through the Straits of Florida—because domes-tic fisheries rely on healthy corals. Fi-nally, it requires any oil company that wants to drill in both U.S. waters and Cuban waters to show they have the re-sources and plans to adequately pre-pare for a worst-case oil spill in both areas. 
These common-sense provisions 
should have broad support. I urge my colleagues to support the bill. 
By Mr. CORNYN: 
S. 2002. A bill to strengthen our men-
tal health system and improve public safety; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . 
There being no objection, the text of 
the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 2002 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as 
the ‘‘Mental Health and Safe Communities Act of 2015’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-
tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. 
TITLE I—MENTAL HEALTH AND SAFE 
COMMUNITIES 
Sec. 101. Law enforcement grants for crisis 
intervention teams, mental health pur-poses, and fixing the background check system. 
Sec. 102. Assisted outpatient treatment 
programs. 
Sec. 103. Federal drug and mental health 
courts. 
Sec. 104. Mental health in the judicial sys-
tem. 
Sec. 105. Forensic assertive community 
treatment initiatives. 
Sec. 106. Assistance for individuals 
transitioning out of systems. 
Sec. 107. Co-occurring substance abuse and 
mental health challenges in drug courts. 
Sec. 108. Mental health training for Fed-
eral uniformed services. 
Sec. 109. Advancing mental health as part 
of offender reentry. 
Sec. 110. School mental health crisis inter-
vention teams. 
Sec. 111. Active-shooter training for law 
enforcement. 
Sec. 112. Co-occurring substance abuse and 
mental health challenges in residential substance abuse treatment programs. 
Sec. 113. Mental health and drug treat-
ment alternatives to incarceration pro-grams. 
Sec. 114. National criminal justice and 
mental health training and technical assistance. 
Sec. 115. Improving Department of Justice 
data collection on mental illness in-volved in crime. 
Sec. 116. Reports on the number of men-
tally ill offenders in prison. 
TITLE II—COMPREHENSIVE JUSTICE 
AND MENTAL HEALTH ACT 
Sec. 201. Short title. 
Sec. 202. Findings. Sec. 203. Sequential intercept model. Sec. 204. Veterans treatment courts. Sec. 205. Prison and jails. Sec. 206. Allowable uses. Sec. 207. Law enforcement training. Sec. 208. Federal law enforcement train-
ing. 
Sec. 209. GAO report. Sec. 210. Evidence based practices. Sec. 211. Transparency, program account-
ability, and enhancement of local au-thority. 
Sec. 212. Grant accountability. 
TITLE III—NICS REAUTHORIZATION AND 
NICS IMPROVEMENT 
Sec. 301. Reauthorization of NICS. 
Sec. 302. Definitions relating to mental 
health. 
Sec. 303. Incentives for State compliance 
with NICS mental health record re-quirements. 
Sec. 304. Protecting the second amend-
ment rights of veterans. 
Sec. 305. Applicability of amendments. Sec. 306. Clarification that Federal court 
information is to be made available to the national instant criminal back-ground check system. 
TITLE IV—REAUTHORIZATIONS AND 
OFFSET 
Sec. 401. Reauthorization of appropria-
tions. 
Sec. 402. Offset. 
TITLE I—MENTAL HEALTH AND SAFE 
COMMUNITIES 
SEC. 101. LAW ENFORCEMENT GRANTS FOR CRI-
SIS INTERVENTION TEAMS, MENTAL HEALTH PURPOSES, AND FIXING THE BACKGROUND CHECK SYSTEM. (a) E DWARD BYRNE MEMORIAL JUSTICE AS-
SISTANCE GRANT PROGRAM .—Section 501(a)(1) 
of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3751(a)(1)) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
‘‘(H) Mental health programs and related 
law enforcement and corrections programs, including behavioral programs and crisis intervention teams. 
‘‘(I) Achieving compliance with the mental 
health records requirements of the NICS Im-provement Amendments Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–180; 121 Stat. 2259).’’. 
(b) C
OMMUNITY ORIENTED POLICING SERV-
ICES PROGRAM .—Section 1701(b) of title I of 
the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796dd(b)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (16), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(2) by redesignating paragraph (17) as para-
graph (21); 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (16) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(17) to provide specialized training to law 
enforcement officers to— 
‘‘(A) recognize individuals who have a men-
tal illness; and 
‘‘(B) properly interact with individuals 
who have a mental illness, including strate-gies for verbal de-escalation of crises; 
‘‘(18) to establish collaborative programs 
that enhance the ability of law enforcement agencies to address the mental health, be-havioral, and substance abuse problems of individuals encountered by law enforcement officers in the line of duty; 
‘‘(19) to provide specialized training to cor-
rections officers to recognize individuals who have a mental illness; 
‘‘(20) to enhance the ability of corrections 
officers to address the mental health of indi-viduals under the care and custody of jails and prisons, including specialized training and strategies for verbal de-escalation of cri-ses; and’’; and 
(4) in paragraph (21), as redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘through (16)’’ and inserting ‘‘through (20)’’. 
(c) M
ODIFICATIONS TO THE STAFFING FOR  
ADEQUATE FIRE AND EMERGENCY RESPONSE  
GRANTS .—Section 34(a)(1)(B) of the Federal 
Fire Prevention and Control Act of 1974 (15 U.S.C. 2229a(a)(1)(B)) is amended by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘and to provide specialized training to para-medics, emergency medical services workers, and other first responders to recognize indi-viduals who have mental illness and how to properly intervene with individuals with mental illness, including strategies for verbal de-escalation of crises’’. 
SEC. 102. ASSISTED OUTPATIENT TREATMENT 
PROGRAMS. 
Section 2201 of title I of the Omnibus 
Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796ii) is amended— 
(1) by inserting ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—’’ before 
‘‘The Attorney General’’; 
(2) in paragraph (2)(B), by inserting before 
the semicolon the following: ‘‘, or court-or-dered assisted outpatient treatment when the court has determined such treatment to be necessary’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) C OURT -ORDERED ASSISTED OUTPATIENT  
TREATMENT .—The term ‘court-ordered as-
sisted outpatient treatment’ means a pro-gram through which a court may order a treatment plan for an eligible patient that— 
‘‘(A) requires such patient to obtain out-
patient mental health treatment while the patient is living in a community; and 
‘‘(B) is designed to improve access and ad-
herence by such patient to intensive behav-ioral health services in order to— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:37 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05AU6.039 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6393 August 5, 2015 
‘‘(i) avert relapse, repeated hospitaliza-
tions, arrest, incarceration, suicide, property destruction, and violent behavior; and 
‘‘(ii) provide such patient with the oppor-
tunity to live in a less restrictive alternative to incarceration or involuntary hospitaliza-tion. 
‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE PATIENT .—The term ‘eligible 
patient’ means an adult, mentally ill person who, as determined by a court— 
‘‘(A) has a history of violence, incarcer-
ation, or medically unnecessary hospitaliza-tions; 
‘‘(B) without supervision and treatment, 
may be a danger to self or others in the com-munity; 
‘‘(C) is substantially unlikely to volun-
tarily participate in treatment; 
‘‘(D) may be unable, for reasons other than 
indigence, to provide for any of his or her basic needs, such as food, clothing, shelter, health, or safety; 
‘‘(E) has a history of mental illness or con-
dition that is likely to substantially deterio-rate if the patient is not provided with time-ly treatment; or 
‘‘(F) due to mental illness, lacks capacity 
to fully understand or lacks judgment to make informed decisions regarding his or her need for treatment, care, or supervision.’’. 
SEC. 103. FEDERAL DRUG AND MENTAL HEALTH 
COURTS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— 
(1) the term ‘‘eligible offender’’ means a 
person who— 
(A)(i) previously or currently has been di-
agnosed by a qualified mental health profes-sional as having a mental illness, mental re-tardation, or co-occurring mental illness and substance abuse disorders; or 
(ii) manifests obvious signs of mental ill-
ness, mental retardation, or co-occurring mental illness and substance abuse disorders during arrest or confinement or before any court; and 
(B) is determined by a judge to be eligible. (2) the term ‘‘mental illness’’ means a 
diagnosable mental, behavioral, or emo-tional disorder— 
(A) of sufficient duration to meet diag-
nostic criteria within the most recent edi-tion of the Diagnostic and Statistical Man-ual of Mental Disorders published by the American Psychiatric Association; and 
(B) that has resulted in functional impair-
ment that substantially interferes with or limits 1 or more major life activities. 
(b) E
STABLISHMENT OF PROGRAM .—Not later 
than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Attorney General shall estab-lish a pilot program to determine the effec-tiveness of diverting eligible offenders from Federal prosecution, Federal probation, or a Bureau of Prisons facility, and placing such eligible offenders in drug or mental health courts. 
(c) P
ROGRAM SPECIFICATIONS .—The pilot 
program established under subsection (b) shall involve— 
(1) continuing judicial supervision, includ-
ing periodic review, of program participants who have a substance abuse problem or men-tal illness; and 
(2) the integrated administration of serv-
ices and sanctions, which shall include— 
(A) mandatory periodic testing, as appro-
priate, for the use of controlled substances or other addictive substances during any pe-riod of supervised release or probation for each program participant; 
(B) substance abuse treatment for each 
program participant who requires such serv-ices; 
(C) diversion, probation, or other super-
vised release with the possibility of prosecu-tion, confinement, or incarceration based on noncompliance with program requirements or failure to show satisfactory progress; (D) programmatic offender management, 
including case management, and aftercare services, such as relapse prevention, health care, education, vocational training, job placement, housing placement, and child care or other family support services for each program participant who requires such services; 
(E) outpatient or inpatient mental health 
treatment, as ordered by the court, that car-ries with it the possibility of dismissal of charges or reduced sentencing upon success-ful completion of such treatment; 
(F) centralized case management, includ-
ing— 
(i) the consolidation of all cases, including 
violations of probations, of the program par-ticipant; and 
(ii) coordination of all mental health treat-
ment plans and social services, including life skills and vocational training, housing and job placement, education, health care, and relapse prevention for each program partici-pant who requires such services; and 
(G) continuing supervision of treatment 
plan compliance by the program participant for a term not to exceed the maximum allow-able sentence or probation period for the charged or relevant offense and, to the ex-tent practicable, continuity of psychiatric care at the end of the supervised period. 
(d) I
MPLEMENTATION ; DURATION .—The pilot 
program established under subsection (b) shall be conducted— 
(1) in not less than 1 United States judicial 
district, designated by the Attorney General in consultation with the Director of the Ad-ministrative Office of the United States Courts, as appropriate for the pilot program; and 
(2) during fiscal year 2017 through fiscal 
year 2020. 
(e) C
RITERIA FOR DESIGNATION .—Before 
making a designation under subsection (d)(1), the Attorney General shall— 
(1) obtain the approval, in writing, of the 
United States Attorney for the United States judicial district being designated; 
(2) obtain the approval, in writing, of the 
chief judge for the United States judicial dis-trict being designated; and 
(3) determine that the United States judi-
cial district being designated has adequate behavioral health systems for treatment, in-cluding substance abuse and mental health treatment. 
(f) A
SSISTANCE FROMOTHER FEDERAL ENTI-
TIES.—The Administrative Office of the 
United States Courts and the United States Probation Offices shall provide such assist-ance and carry out such functions as the At-torney General may request in monitoring, supervising, providing services to, and evalu-ating eligible offenders placed in a drug or mental health court under this section. 
(g) R
EPORTS .—The Attorney General, in 
consultation with the Director of the Admin-istrative Office of the United States Courts, shall monitor the drug and mental health courts under this section, and shall submit a report to Congress on the outcomes of the program at the end of the period described in subsection (d)(2). 
SEC. 104. MENTAL HEALTH IN THE JUDICIAL SYS-
TEM. 
Part V of title I of the Omnibus Crime Con-
trol and Safe Streets Act of 1986 (42 U.S.C. 3796ii et seq.) is amended by inserting at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 2209. MENTAL HEALTH RESPONSES IN THE 
JUDICIAL SYSTEM. 
‘‘(a) P RETRIAL SCREENING AND SUPER -
VISION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Attorney General 
may award grants to States, units of local government, territories, Indian Tribes, non-profit agencies, or any combination thereof, to develop, implement, or expand pretrial 
services programs to improve the identifica-tion and outcomes of individuals with men-tal illness. 
‘‘(2) A
LLOWABLE USES .—Grants awarded 
under this subsection may be may be used for— 
‘‘(A) universal behavioral health needs and 
risk screening of defendants, including verification of interview information, men-tal health evaluation, and criminal history screening; 
‘‘(B) assessment of risk of pretrial mis-
conduct through objective, statistically vali-dated means, and presentation to the court of recommendations based on such assess-ment, including services that will reduce the risk of pre-trial misconduct; 
‘‘(C) follow-up review of defendants unable 
to meet the conditions of release; 
‘‘(D) evaluation of process and results of 
pre-trial service programs; 
‘‘(E) supervision of defendants who are on 
pretrial release, including reminders to de-fendants of scheduled court dates; 
‘‘(F) reporting on process and results of 
pretrial services programs to relevant public and private mental health stakeholders; and 
‘‘(G) data collection and analysis necessary 
to make available information required for assessment of risk. 
‘‘(b) B
EHAVIORAL HEALTH ASSESSMENTS AND  
INTERVENTION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Attorney General 
may award grants to States, units of local government, territories, Indian Tribes, non-profit agencies, or any combination thereof, to develop, implement, or expand a behav-ioral health screening and assessment pro-gram framework for State or local criminal justice systems. 
‘‘(2) A
LLOWABLE USES .—Grants awarded 
under this subsection may be used for— 
‘‘(A) promotion of the use of validated as-
sessment tools to gauge the criminogenic risk, substance abuse needs, and mental health needs of individuals; 
‘‘(B) initiatives to match the risk factors 
and needs of individuals to programs and practices associated with research-based, positive outcomes; 
‘‘(C) implementing methods for identifying 
and treating individuals who are most likely to benefit from coordinated supervision and treatment strategies, and identifying indi-viduals who can do well with fewer interven-tions; and 
‘‘(D) collaborative decision making among 
system leaders, including the relevant crimi-nal justice agencies, mental health systems, judicial systems, and substance abuse sys-tems, for determining how treatment and in-tensive supervision services should be allo-cated in order to maximize benefits, and de-veloping and utilizing capacity accordingly. 
‘‘(c) R
ESTRICTIONS ON USE OF GRANT  
FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—A State, unit of local 
government, territory, Indian Tribe, or non-profit agency that receives a grant under this section shall, in accordance with sub-section (b)(2), use grant funds for the ex-penses of a treatment program, including— 
‘‘(A) salaries, personnel costs, equipment 
costs, and other costs directly related to the operation of the program, including costs re-lating to enforcement; 
‘‘(B) payments for treatment providers 
that are approved by the State or Indian Tribe and licensed, if necessary, to provide needed treatment to program participants, including aftercare supervision, vocational training, education, and job placement; and 
‘‘(C) payments to public and nonprofit pri-
vate entities that are approved by the State or Indian Tribe and licensed, if necessary, to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05AU6.044 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6394 August 5, 2015 
provide alcohol and drug addiction treat-
ment to offenders participating in the pro-gram. 
‘‘(d) S
UPPLEMENT OF NON-FEDERAL  
FUNDS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Grants awarded under 
this section shall be used to supplement, and not supplant, non-Federal funds that would otherwise be available for programs de-scribed in this section. 
‘‘(2) F
EDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of 
a grant made under this section may not ex-ceed 50 percent of the total costs of the pro-gram described in an application under sub-section (e). 
‘‘(e) A
PPLICATIONS .—To request a grant 
under this section, a State, unit of local gov-ernment, territory, Indian Tribe, or non-profit agency shall submit an application to the Attorney General in such form and con-taining such information as the Attorney General may reasonably require. 
‘‘(f) G
EOGRAPHIC DISTRIBUTION .—The Attor-
ney General shall ensure that, to the extent practicable, the distribution of grants under this section is equitable and includes— 
‘‘(1) each State; and ‘‘(2) a unit of local government, territory, 
Indian Tribe, or nonprofit agency— 
‘‘(A) in each State; and ‘‘(B) in rural, suburban, Tribal, and urban 
jurisdictions. 
‘‘(g) R
EPORTS AND EVALUATIONS .—For each 
fiscal year, each grantee under this section during that fiscal year shall submit to the Attorney General a report on the effective-ness of activities carried out using such grant. Each report shall include an evalua-tion in such form and containing such infor-mation as the Attorney General may reason-ably require. The Attorney General shall specify the dates on which such reports shall be submitted. 
‘‘(h) A
CCOUNTABILITY .—Grants awarded 
under this section shall be subject to the fol-lowing accountability provisions: 
‘‘(1) A
UDIT REQUIREMENT .— 
‘‘(A) D EFINITION .—In this paragraph, the 
term ‘unresolved audit finding’ means a find-ing in the final audit report of the Inspector General of the Department of Justice under subparagraph (C) that the audited grantee has used grant funds for an unauthorized ex-penditure or otherwise unallowable cost that is not closed or resolved within 1 year after the date on which final audit report is issued. 
‘‘(B) A
UDITS .—Beginning in the first fiscal 
year beginning after the date of enactment of this section, and in each fiscal year there-after, the Inspector General of the Depart-ment of Justice shall conduct audits of grantees under this section to prevent waste, fraud, and abuse of funds by grantees. The Inspector General shall determine the appro-priate number of grantees to be audited each year. 
‘‘(C) F
INAL AUDIT REPORT .—The Inspector 
General of the Department of Justice shall submit a final report on each audit con-ducted under subparagraph (B). 
‘‘(D) M
ANDATORY EXCLUSION .—Grantees 
under this section about which there is an unresolved audit finding shall not be eligible to receive a grant under this section during the 2 fiscal years beginning after the end of the 1-year period described in subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(E) P
RIORITY .—In making grants under 
this section, the Attorney General shall give priority to applicants that did not have an unresolved audit finding during the 3 fiscal years before submitting an application for a grant under this section. 
‘‘(F) R
EIMBURSEMENT .—If an entity re-
ceives a grant under this section during the 2-fiscal-year period during which the entity is prohibited from receiving grants under subparagraph (D), the Attorney General 
shall— 
‘‘(i) deposit an amount equal to the 
amount of the grant that was improperly awarded to the grantee into the General Fund of the Treasury; and 
‘‘(ii) seek to recoup the costs of the repay-
ment under clause (i) from the grantee that was erroneously awarded grant funds. 
‘‘(2) N
ONPROFIT AGENCY REQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(A) D EFINITION .—For purposes of this 
paragraph and the grant program under this section, the term ‘nonprofit agency’ means an organization that is described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (26 U.S.C. 501(c)(3)) and is exempt from tax-ation under section 501(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (26 U.S.C. 501(a)). 
‘‘(B) P
ROHIBITION .—The Attorney General 
may not award a grant under this section to a nonprofit agency that holds money in an offshore account for the purpose of avoiding paying the tax described in section 511(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (26 U.S.C. 511(a)). 
‘‘(C) D
ISCLOSURE .—Each nonprofit agency 
that is awarded a grant under this section and uses the procedures prescribed in regula-tions to create a rebuttable presumption of reasonableness for the compensation of its officers, directors, trustees, and key employ-ees, shall disclose to the Attorney General, in the application for the grant, the process for determining such compensation, includ-ing the independent persons involved in re-viewing and approving such compensation, the comparability data used, and contem-poraneous substantiation of the deliberation and decision. Upon request, the Attorney General shall make the information dis-closed under this subparagraph available for public inspection. 
‘‘(3) C
ONFERENCE EXPENDITURES .— 
‘‘(A) L IMITATION .—Not more than $20,000 of 
the amounts made available to the Depart-ment of Justice to carry out this section may be used by the Attorney General, or by any individual or entity awarded a grant under this section to host, or make any ex-penditures relating to, a conference unless the Deputy Attorney General provides prior written authorization that the funds may be expended to host the conference or make such expenditure. 
‘‘(B) W
RITTEN APPROVAL .—Written ap-
proval under subparagraph (A) shall include a written estimate of all costs associated with the conference, including the cost of all food, beverages, audio-visual equipment, honoraria for speakers, and entertainment. 
‘‘(C) R
EPORT .—The Deputy Attorney Gen-
eral shall submit an annual report to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives on all conference expenditures approved under this paragraph. 
‘‘(4) A
NNUAL CERTIFICATION .—Beginning in 
the first fiscal year beginning after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Attor-ney General shall submit to the Committee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Ap-propriations of the Senate and the Com-mittee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Represent-atives an annual certification— 
‘‘(A) indicating whether— ‘‘(i) all final audit reports issued by the Of-
fice of the Inspector General under para-graph (1) have been completed and reviewed by the appropriate Assistant Attorney Gen-eral or Director; 
‘‘(ii) all mandatory exclusions required 
under paragraph (1)(D) have been issued; and 
‘‘(iii) any reimbursements required under 
paragraph (1)(F) have been made; and 
‘‘(B) that includes a list of any grantees ex-
cluded under paragraph (1)(D) from the pre-vious year. ‘‘(i) P
REVENTING DUPLICATIVE GRANTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Before the Attorney 
General awards a grant to an applicant under this section, the Attorney General shall compare the possible grant with any other grants awarded to the applicant under this Act to determine whether the grants are for the same purpose. 
‘‘(2) R
EPORT .—If the Attorney General 
awards multiple grants to the same appli-cant for the same purpose, the Attorney Gen-eral shall submit to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representa-tives a report that includes— 
‘‘(A) a list of all duplicate grants awarded, 
including the total dollar amount of any such grants awarded; and 
‘‘(B) the reason the Attorney General 
awarded the duplicate grants.’’. 
SEC. 105. FORENSIC ASSERTIVE COMMUNITY 
TREATMENT INITIATIVES. 
Section 2991 of the Omnibus Crime Control 
and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3797aa) is amended by inserting after subsection (k), as added by section 205, the following: 
‘‘(l) F
ORENSIC ASSERTIVE COMMUNITY  
TREATMENT (FACT) I NITIATIVE PROGRAM .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The Attorney General 
may make grants to States, units of local government, territories, Indian Tribes, non-profit agencies, or any combination thereof, to develop, implement, or expand Assertive Community Treatment initiatives to develop forensic assertive community treatment (re-ferred to in this subsection as ‘FACT’) pro-grams that provide high intensity services in the community for individuals with mental illness with involvement in the criminal jus-tice system to prevent future incarcerations. 
‘‘(2) A
LLOWABLE USES .—Grant funds award-
ed under this subsection may be used for— 
‘‘(A) multidisciplinary team initiatives for 
individuals with mental illnesses with crimi-nal justice involvement that addresses criminal justice involvement as part of treatment protocols; 
‘‘(B) FACT initiatives that involve mental 
health professionals, criminal justice agen-cies, chemical dependency specialists, nurses, psychiatrists, vocational specialists, forensic peer specialists, forensic specialists, and dedicated administrative support staff who work together to provide recovery ori-ented, 24/7 wraparound services; 
‘‘(C) services such as integrated evidence- 
based practices for the treatment of co-oc-curring mental health and substance-related disorders, assertive outreach and engage-ment, community-based service provision at participants’ residence or in the community, psychiatric rehabilitation, recovery oriented services, services to address criminogenic risk factors, and community tenure; 
‘‘(D) payments for treatment providers 
that are approved by the State or Indian Tribe and licensed, if necessary, to provide needed treatment to eligible offenders par-ticipating in the program, including behav-ioral health services and aftercare super-vision; and 
‘‘(E) training for all FACT teams to pro-
mote high-fidelity practice principles and technical assistance to support effective and continuing integration with criminal justice agency partners. 
‘‘(3) S
UPPLEMENT AND NOT SUPPLANT .— 
Grants made under this subsection shall be used to supplement, and not supplant, non- Federal funds that would otherwise be avail-able for programs described in this sub-section. 
‘‘(4) A
PPLICATIONS .—To request a grant 
under this subsection, a State, unit of local government, territory, Indian Tribe, or non-profit agency shall submit an application to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05AU6.044 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6395 August 5, 2015 
the Attorney General in such form and con-
taining such information as the Attorney General may reasonably require.’’. 
SEC. 106. ASSISTANCE FOR INDIVIDUALS 
TRANSITIONING OUT OF SYSTEMS. 
Section 2976(f) of title I of the Omnibus 
Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3797w(f)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) provide mental health treatment and 
transitional services for those with mental illnesses or with co-occurring disorders, in-cluding housing placement or assistance; and’’. 
SEC. 107. CO-OCCURRING SUBSTANCE ABUSE 
AND MENTAL HEALTH CHALLENGES IN DRUG COURTS. 
Part EE of title I of Omnibus Crime Con-
trol and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3797u et seq.) is amended— 
(1) in section 2951(a)(1) (42 U.S.C. 
3797u(a)(1)), by inserting ‘‘, including co-oc-curring substance abuse and mental health problems,’’ after ‘‘problems’’; and 
(2) in section 2959(a) (42 U.S.C. 3797u–8(a)), 
by inserting ‘‘, including training for drug court personnel and officials on identifying and addressing co-occurring substance abuse and mental health problems’’ after ‘‘part’’. 
SEC. 108. MENTAL HEALTH TRAINING FOR FED-
ERAL UNIFORMED SERVICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of Home-land Security, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, and the Secretary of Com-merce shall provide the following to each of the uniformed services (as that term is de-fined in section 101 of title 10, United States Code) under their direction: 
(1) T
RAINING PROGRAMS .—Programs that 
offer specialized and comprehensive training in procedures to identify and respond appro-priately to incidents in which the unique needs of individuals with mental illnesses are involved. 
(2) I
MPROVED TECHNOLOGY .—Computerized 
information systems or technological im-provements to provide timely information to Federal law enforcement personnel, other branches of the uniformed services, and criminal justice system personnel to im-prove the Federal response to mentally ill individuals. 
(3) C
OOPERATIVE PROGRAMS .—The establish-
ment and expansion of cooperative efforts to promote public safety through the use of ef-fective intervention with respect to men-tally ill individuals encountered by members of the uniformed services. 
SEC. 109. ADVANCING MENTAL HEALTH AS PART 
OF OFFENDER REENTRY. 
(a) R EENTRY DEMONSTRATION PROJECTS .— 
Section 2976(f) of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3797w(f)), as amended by section 106, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (3)(C), by inserting ‘‘men-
tal health services,’’ before ‘‘drug treat-ment’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) target offenders with histories of 
homelessness, substance abuse, or mental ill-ness, including a prerelease assessment of the housing status of the offender and behav-ioral health needs of the offender with clear coordination with mental health, substance abuse, and homelessness services systems to achieve stable and permanent housing out-comes with appropriate support service.’’. 
(b) M
ENTORING GRANTS .—Section 211(b)(2) 
of the Second Chance Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17531(b)(2)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, includ-ing mental health care’’ after ‘‘community’’. SEC. 110. SCHOOL MENTAL HEALTH CRISIS 
INTERVENTION TEAMS. 
Section 2701 of title I of Omnibus Crime 
Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3797a(b)) is amended by— 
(1) redesignating paragraphs (4) and (5) as 
paragraphs (5) and (6), respectively; and 
(2) inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(4) the development and operation of cri-
sis intervention teams that may include co-ordination with law enforcement agencies and specialized training for school officials in responding to mental health crises.’’. 
SEC. 111. ACTIVE-SHOOTER TRAINING FOR LAW 
ENFORCEMENT. 
The Attorney General, as part of the Pre-
venting Violence Against Law Enforcement and Ensuring Officer Resilience and Surviv-ability Initiative (VALOR) of the Depart-ment of Justice, may provide safety training and technical assistance to local law en-forcement agencies, including active-shooter response training. 
SEC. 112. CO-OCCURRING SUBSTANCE ABUSE 
AND MENTAL HEALTH CHALLENGES IN RESIDENTIAL SUBSTANCE ABUSE TREATMENT PROGRAMS. 
Section 1901(a) of title I of Omnibus Crime 
Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796ff(a)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and’’ at 
the end; 
(2) in paragraph (2), by striking the period 
at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) developing and implementing special-
ized residential substance abuse treatment programs that identify and provide appro-priate treatment to inmates with co-occur-ring mental health and substance abuse dis-orders or challenges.’’. 
SEC. 113. MENTAL HEALTH AND DRUG TREAT-
MENT ALTERNATIVES TO INCARCER-ATION PROGRAMS. 
Title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and 
Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3711 et seq.) is amended by striking part CC and in-serting the following: 
‘‘PART CC—MENTAL HEALTH AND DRUG 
TREATMENT ALTERNATIVES TO INCAR-CERATION PROGRAMS 
‘‘SEC. 2901. MENTAL HEALTH AND DRUG TREAT-
MENT ALTERNATIVES TO INCARCER-ATION PROGRAMS. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— 
‘‘(1) the term ‘eligible entity’ means a 
State, unit of local government, Indian tribe, or nonprofit organization; and 
‘‘(2) the term ‘eligible participant’ means 
an individual who— 
‘‘(A) comes into contact with the criminal 
justice system or is charged with an offense; 
‘‘(B) has a history of or a current— ‘‘(i) substance use disorder; ‘‘(ii) mental illness; or ‘‘(iii) co-occurring mental illness and sub-
stance use disorders; and 
‘‘(C) has been approved for participation in 
a program funded under this section by, the relevant law enforcement agency, pros-ecuting attorney, defense attorney, proba-tion official, corrections official, judge, rep-resentative of a mental health agency, or representative of a substance abuse agency. 
‘‘(b) P
ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—The Attorney 
General may make grants to eligible entities to develop, implement, or expand a treat-ment alternative to incarceration program for eligible participants, including— 
‘‘(1) pre-booking treatment alternative to 
incarceration programs, including— 
‘‘(A) law enforcement training on sub-
stance use disorders, mental illness, and co- occurring mental illness and substance use disorders; 
‘‘(B) receiving centers as alternatives to 
incarceration of eligible participants; ‘‘(C) specialized response units for calls re-
lated to substance use disorders, mental ill-ness, or co-occurring mental illness and sub-stance use disorders; and 
‘‘(D) other arrest and pre-booking treat-
ment alternatives to incarceration models; or 
‘‘(2) post-booking treatment alternative to 
incarceration programs, including— 
‘‘(A) specialized clinical case management; ‘‘(B) pre-trial services related to sub-
stances use disorders, mental illness, and co- occurring mental illness and substance use disorders; 
‘‘(C) prosecutor and defender based pro-
grams; 
‘‘(D) specialized probation; ‘‘(E) treatment and rehabilitation pro-
grams; and 
‘‘(F) problem-solving courts, including 
mental health courts, drug courts, co- occuring mental health and substance abuse courts, DWI courts, and veterans treatment courts. 
‘‘(c) A
PPLICATION .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—An eligible entity desir-
ing a grant under this section shall submit an application to the Attorney General— 
‘‘(A) that meets the criteria under para-
graph (2); and 
‘‘(B) at such time, in such manner, and ac-
companied by such information as the Attor-ney General may require. 
‘‘(2) C
RITERIA .—An eligible entity, in sub-
mitting an application under paragraph (1), shall— 
‘‘(A) provide extensive evidence of collabo-
ration with State and local government agencies overseeing health, community cor-rections, courts, prosecution, substance abuse, mental health, victims services, and employment services, and with local law en-forcement agencies; and 
‘‘(B) demonstrate consultation with the 
Single State Authority for Substance Abuse; 
‘‘(C) demonstrate that evidence-based 
treatment practices will be utilized; and 
‘‘(D) demonstrate that evidenced-based 
screening and assessment tools will be used to place participants in the treatment alter-native to incarceration program. 
‘‘(d) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Each eligible entity 
awarded a grant for a treatment alternative to incarceration program under this section shall— 
‘‘(1) determine the terms and conditions of 
participation in the program by eligible par-ticipants, taking into consideration the col-lateral consequences of an arrest, prosecu-tion or criminal conviction; 
‘‘(2) ensure that each substance abuse and 
mental health treatment component is li-censed and qualified by the relevant jurisdic-tion; 
‘‘(3) for programs described in subsection 
(b)(2), organize an enforcement unit com-prised of appropriately trained law enforce-ment professionals under the supervision of the State, Tribal, or local criminal justice agency involved, the duties of which shall in-clude— 
‘‘(A) the verification of addresses and other 
contacts of each eligible participant who participates or desires to participate in the program; and 
‘‘(B) if necessary, the location, apprehen-
sion, arrest, and return to court of an eligi-ble participant in the program who has ab-sconded from the facility of a treatment pro-vider or has otherwise significantly violated the terms and conditions of the program, consistent with Federal and State confiden-tiality requirements; 
‘‘(4) notify the relevant criminal justice 
entity if any eligible participant in the pro-gram absconds from the facility of the treat-ment provider or otherwise violates the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05AU6.044 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6396 August 5, 2015 
terms and conditions of the program, con-
sistent with Federal and State confiden-tiality requirements; 
‘‘(5) submit periodic reports on the 
progress of treatment or other measured out-comes from participation in the program of each eligible offender participating in the program to the relevant State, Tribal, or local criminal justice agency, including men-tal health courts, drug courts, co-occurring mental health and substance abuse courts, DWI courts, and veterans treatment courts; 
‘‘(6) describe the evidence-based method-
ology and outcome measurements that will be used to evaluate the program, and specifi-cally explain how such measurements will provide valid measures of the impact of the program; and 
‘‘(7) describe how the program could be 
broadly replicated if demonstrated to be ef-fective. 
‘‘(e) U
SE OF FUNDS .—An eligible entity 
shall use a grant received under this section for expenses of a treatment alternative to in-carceration program, including— 
‘‘(1) salaries, personnel costs, equipment 
costs, and other costs directly related to the operation of the program, including the en-forcement unit; 
‘‘(2) payments for treatment providers that 
are approved by the relevant State or Tribal jurisdiction and licensed, if necessary, to provide needed treatment to eligible offend-ers participating in the program, including aftercare supervision, vocational training, education, and job placement; and 
‘‘(3) payments to public and nonprofit pri-
vate entities that are approved by the State or Tribal jurisdiction and licensed, if nec-essary, to provide alcohol and drug addiction treatment to eligible offenders participating in the program. 
‘‘(f) S
UPPLEMENT NOTSUPPLANT .—An eligi-
ble entity shall use Federal funds received under this section only to supplement the funds that would, in the absence of those Federal funds, be made available from other Federal and non-Federal sources for the ac-tivities described in this section, and not to supplant those funds. The Federal share of a grant made under this section may not ex-ceed 50 percent of the total costs of the pro-gram described in an application under sub-section (d). 
‘‘(g) G
EOGRAPHIC DISTRIBUTION .—The At-
torney General shall ensure that, to the ex-tent practicable, the geographical distribu-tion of grants under this section is equitable and includes a grant to an eligible entity in— 
‘‘(1) each State; ‘‘(2) rural, suburban, and urban areas; and ‘‘(3) Tribal jurisdictions. 
‘‘(h) R
EPORTS AND EVALUATIONS .—Each fis-
cal year, each recipient of a grant under this 
section during that fiscal year shall submit to the Attorney General a report on the out-comes of activities carried out using that grant in such form, containing such informa-tion, and on such dates as the Attorney Gen-eral shall specify. 
‘‘(i) A
CCOUNTABILITY .—All grants awarded 
by the Attorney General under this section shall be subject to the following account-ability provisions: 
‘‘(1) A
UDIT REQUIREMENT .— 
‘‘(A) D EFINITION .—In this paragraph, the 
term ‘unresolved audit finding’ means a find-ing in the final audit report of the Inspector General of the Department of Justice that the audited grantee has utilized grant funds for an unauthorized expenditure or otherwise unallowable cost that is not closed or re-solved within 12 months from the date on which the final audit report is issued. 
‘‘(B) A
UDITS .—Beginning in the first fiscal 
year beginning after the date of enactment of this subsection, and in each fiscal year thereafter, the Inspector General of the De-
partment of Justice shall conduct audits of recipients of grants under this section to prevent waste, fraud, and abuse of funds by grantees. The Inspector General shall deter-mine the appropriate number of grantees to be audited each year. 
‘‘(C) M
ANDATORY EXCLUSION .—A recipient 
of grant funds under this section that is found to have an unresolved audit finding shall not be eligible to receive grant funds under this section during the first 2 fiscal years beginning after the end of the 12- month period described in subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(D) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under 
this section, the Attorney General shall give priority to eligible applicants that did not have an unresolved audit finding during the 3 fiscal years before submitting an applica-tion for a grant under this section. 
‘‘(E) R
EIMBURSEMENT .—If an entity is 
awarded grant funds under this section dur-ing the 2-fiscal-year period during which the entity is barred from receiving grants under subparagraph (C), the Attorney General shall— 
‘‘(i) deposit an amount equal to the 
amount of the grant funds that were improp-erly awarded to the grantee into the General Fund of the Treasury; and 
‘‘(ii) seek to recoup the costs of the repay-
ment to the fund from the grant recipient that was erroneously awarded grant funds. 
‘‘(2) N
ONPROFIT ORGANIZATION REQUIRE -
MENTS .— 
‘‘(A) D EFINITION .—For purposes of this 
paragraph and the grant programs under this part, the term ‘nonprofit organization’ means an organization that is described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and is exempt from taxation under section 501(a) of such Code. 
‘‘(B) P
ROHIBITION .—The Attorney General 
may not award a grant under this part to a nonprofit organization that holds money in offshore accounts for the purpose of avoiding paying the tax described in section 511(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 
‘‘(C) D
ISCLOSURE .—Each nonprofit organi-
zation that is awarded a grant under this section and uses the procedures prescribed in regulations to create a rebuttable presump-tion of reasonableness for the compensation of its officers, directors, trustees, and key employees, shall disclose to the Attorney General, in the application for the grant, the process for determining such compensation, including the independent persons involved in reviewing and approving such compensa-tion, the comparability data used, and con-temporaneous substantiation of the delibera-
tion and decision. Upon request, the Attor-ney General shall make the information dis-closed under this subparagraph available for public inspection. 
‘‘(3) C
ONFERENCE EXPENDITURES .— 
‘‘(A) L IMITATION .—No amounts made avail-
able to the Department of Justice under this section may be used by the Attorney Gen-eral, or by any individual or entity awarded discretionary funds through a cooperative agreement under this section, to host or sup-port any expenditure for conferences that uses more than $20,000 in funds made avail-able by the Department of Justice, unless the head of the relevant agency or depart-ment, provides prior written authorization that the funds may be expended to host the conference. 
‘‘(B) W
RITTEN APPROVAL .—Written ap-
proval under subparagraph (A) shall include a written estimate of all costs associated with the conference, including the cost of all food, beverages, audio-visual equipment, honoraria for speakers, and entertainment. 
‘‘(C) R
EPORT .—The Deputy Attorney Gen-
eral shall submit an annual report to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the 
House of Representatives on all conference expenditures approved under this paragraph. 
‘‘(4) A
NNUAL CERTIFICATION .—Beginning in 
the first fiscal year beginning after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Attor-ney General shall submit, to the Committee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Ap-propriations of the Senate and the Com-mittee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Represent-atives, an annual certification— 
‘‘(A) indicating whether— ‘‘(i) all audits issued by the Office of the 
Inspector General under paragraph (1) have been completed and reviewed by the appro-priate Assistant Attorney General or Direc-tor; 
‘‘(ii) all mandatory exclusions required 
under paragraph (1)(C) have been issued; and 
‘‘(iii) all reimbursements required under 
paragraph (1)(E) have been made; and 
‘‘(B) that includes a list of any grant re-
cipients excluded under paragraph (1) from the previous year. 
‘‘(5) P
REVENTING DUPLICATIVE GRANTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Before the Attorney 
General awards a grant to an applicant under this section, the Attorney General shall compare potential grant awards with other grants awarded under this Act to de-termine if duplicate grant awards are award-ed for the same purpose. 
‘‘(B) R
EPORT .—If the Attorney General 
awards duplicate grants to the same appli-cant for the same purpose the Attorney Gen-eral shall submit to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representa-tives a report that includes— 
‘‘(i) a list of all duplicate grants awarded, 
including the total dollar amount of any du-plicate grants awarded; and 
‘‘(ii) the reason the Attorney General 
awarded the duplicate grants.’’. 
SEC. 114. NATIONAL CRIMINAL JUSTICE AND 
MENTAL HEALTH TRAINING AND TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE. 
Part HH of title I of the Omnibus Crime 
Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3797aa et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 2992. NATIONAL CRIMINAL JUSTICE AND 
MENTAL HEALTH TRAINING AND TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE. 
‘‘(a) A UTHORITY .—The Attorney General 
may make grants to eligible organizations to provide for the establishment of a National Criminal Justice and Mental Health Train-ing and Technical Assistance Center. 
‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE ORGANIZATION .—For purposes 
of subsection (a), the term ‘eligible organiza-tion’ means a national nonprofit organiza-tion that provides technical assistance and training to, and has special expertise and broad, national-level experience in, mental 
health, crisis intervention, criminal justice systems, law enforcement, translating evi-dence into practice, training, and research, and education and support of people with mental illness and the families of such indi-viduals. 
‘‘(c) U
SE OF FUNDS .—Any organization that 
receives a grant under subsection (a) shall establish and operate a National Criminal Justice and Mental Health Training and Technical Assistance Center to— 
‘‘(1) provide law enforcement officer train-
ing regarding mental health and working with individuals with mental illnesses, with an emphasis on de-escalation of encounters between law enforcement officers and those with mental disorders or in crisis, which shall include support the development of in- person and technical information exchanges between systems and the individuals work-ing in those systems in support of the con-cepts identified in the training; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05AU6.044 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6397 August 5, 2015 
‘‘(2) provide education, training, and tech-
nical assistance for States, Indian tribes, territories, units of local government, serv-ice providers, nonprofit organizations, proba-tion or parole officers, prosecutors, defense attorneys, emergency response providers, and corrections institutions to advance prac-tice and knowledge relating to mental health crisis and approaches to mental health and criminal justice across systems; 
‘‘(3) provide training and best practices 
around relating to diversion initiatives, jail and prison strategies, reentry of individuals with mental illnesses in into the community, and dispatch protocols and triage capabili-ties, including the establishment of learning sites; 
‘‘(4) develop suicide prevention and crisis 
intervention training and technical assist-ance for criminal justice agencies; 
‘‘(5) develop a receiving center system and 
pilot strategy that provides a single point of entry into the mental health and substance abuse system for assessments and appro-priate placement of individuals experiencing a crisis; 
‘‘(6) collect data and best practices in men-
tal health and criminal health and criminal justice initiatives and policies from grantees under this part, other recipients of grants under this section, Federal, State, and local agencies involved in the provision of mental health services, and non-governmental orga-nizations involved in the provision of mental health services; 
‘‘(7) develop and disseminate evaluation 
tools, mechanisms, and measures to better assess and document performance measures and outcomes; 
‘‘(8) disseminate information to States, 
units of local government, criminal justice agencies, law enforcement agencies, and other relevant entities about best practices, policy standards, and research findings; and 
‘‘(9) provide education and support to indi-
viduals with mental illness involved with, or at risk of involvement with, the criminal justice system, including the families of such individuals. 
‘‘(d) A
CCOUNTABILITY .—Grants awarded 
under this section shall be subject to the fol-lowing accountability provisions: 
‘‘(1) A
UDIT REQUIREMENT .— 
‘‘(A) D EFINITION .—In this paragraph, the 
term ‘unresolved audit finding’ means a find-ing in the final audit report of the Inspector General of the Department of Justice under subparagraph (C) that the audited grantee has used grant funds for an unauthorized ex-penditure or otherwise unallowable cost that is not closed or resolved within 1 year after the date on which the final audit report is issued. 
‘‘(B) A
UDITS .—Beginning in the first fiscal 
year beginning after the date of enactment of this section, and in each fiscal year there-after, the Inspector General of the Depart-ment of Justice shall conduct audits of grantees under this section to prevent waste, fraud, and abuse of funds by grantees. The Inspector General shall determine the appro-priate number of grantees to be audited each year. 
‘‘(C) F
INAL AUDIT REPORT .—The Inspector 
General of the Department of Justice shall submit a final report on each audit con-ducted under subparagraph (B). 
‘‘(D) M
ANDATORY EXCLUSION .—Grantees 
under this section about which there is an unresolved audit finding shall not be eligible to receive a grant under this section during the 2 fiscal years beginning after the end of the 1-year period described in subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(E) P
RIORITY .—In making grants under 
this section, the Attorney General shall give priority to applicants that did not have an unresolved audit finding during the 3 fiscal years before submitting an application for a 
grant under this section. 
‘‘(F) R
EIMBURSEMENT .—If an entity re-
ceives a grant under this section during the 2-fiscal-year period during which the entity is prohibited from receiving grants under subparagraph (D), the Attorney General shall— 
‘‘(i) deposit an amount equal to the 
amount of the grant that was improperly awarded to the grantee into the General Fund of the Treasury; and 
‘‘(ii) seek to recoup the costs of the repay-
ment under clause (i) from the grantee that was erroneously awarded grant funds. 
‘‘(2) N
ONPROFIT AGENCY REQUIREMENTS .— 
‘‘(A) D EFINITION .—For purposes of this 
paragraph and the grant program under this section, the term ‘nonprofit agency’ means an organization that is described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 
(26 U.S.C. 501(c)(3)) and is exempt from tax-ation under section 501(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (26 U.S.C. 501(a)). 
‘‘(B) P
ROHIBITION .—The Attorney General 
may not award a grant under this section to a nonprofit agency that holds money in an offshore account for the purpose of avoiding paying the tax described in section 511(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (26 U.S.C. 511(a)). 
‘‘(C) D
ISCLOSURE .—Each nonprofit agency 
that is awarded a grant under this section and uses the procedures prescribed in regula-tions to create a rebuttable presumption of reasonableness for the compensation of its officers, directors, trustees, and key employ-ees, shall disclose to the Attorney General, in the application for the grant, the process for determining such compensation, includ-ing the independent persons involved in re-viewing and approving such compensation, the comparability data used, and contem-poraneous substantiation of the deliberation and decision. Upon request, the Attorney General shall make the information dis-closed under this subparagraph available for public inspection. 
‘‘(3) C
ONFERENCE EXPENDITURES .— 
‘‘(A) L IMITATION .—No amounts made avail-
able to the Department of Justice under this section may be used by the Attorney Gen-eral, or by any individual or entity awarded discretionary funds through a cooperative agreement under this section, to host or sup-port any expenditure for conferences that uses more than $20,000 in funds made avail-able by the Department of Justice, unless the head of the relevant agency or depart-ment, provides prior written authorization that the funds may be expended to host the conference. 
‘‘(B) W
RITTEN APPROVAL .—Written ap-
proval under subparagraph (A) shall include a written estimate of all costs associated with the conference, including the cost of all food, beverages, audio-visual equipment, honoraria for speakers, and entertainment. 
‘‘(C) R
EPORT .—The Deputy Attorney Gen-
eral shall submit an annual report to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives on all conference expenditures approved under this paragraph. 
‘‘(4) A
NNUAL CERTIFICATION .—Beginning in 
the first fiscal year beginning after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Attor-ney General shall submit to the Committee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Ap-propriations of the Senate and the Com-mittee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Represent-atives an annual certification— 
‘‘(A) indicating whether— ‘‘(i) all final audit reports issued by the Of-
fice of the Inspector General under para-graph (1) have been completed and reviewed by the appropriate Assistant Attorney Gen-
eral or Director; 
‘‘(ii) all mandatory exclusions required 
under paragraph (1)(D) have been issued; and 
‘‘(iii) any reimbursements required under 
paragraph (1)(F) have been made; and 
‘‘(B) that includes a list of any grantees ex-
cluded under paragraph (1)(D) from the pre-vious year. 
‘‘(5) P
REVENTING DUPLICATIVE GRANTS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Before the Attorney 
General awards a grant to an applicant under this section, the Attorney General shall compare potential grant awards with other grants awarded under this Act to de-termine if duplicate grant awards are award-ed for the same purpose. 
‘‘(B) R
EPORT .—If the Attorney General 
awards duplicate grants to the same appli-cant for the same purpose the Attorney Gen-eral shall submit to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representa-tives a report that includes— 
‘‘(i) a list of all duplicate grants awarded, 
including the total dollar amount of any du-plicate grants awarded; and 
‘‘(ii) the reason the Attorney General 
awarded the duplicate grants.’’. 
SEC. 115. IMPROVING DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE 
DATA COLLECTION ON MENTAL ILL-NESS INVOLVED IN CRIME. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any 
other provision of law, on or after the date that is 90 days after the date on which the Attorney General promulgates regulations under subsection (b), any data prepared by, or submitted to, the Attorney General or the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investiga-tion with respect to the incidences of homi-cides, law enforcement officers killed, seri-ously injured, and assaulted, or individuals killed or seriously injured by law enforce-ment officers shall include data with respect to the involvement of mental illness in such incidences, if any. 
(b) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Attorney General shall promulgate or re-vise regulations as necessary to carry out 
subsection (a). 
SEC. 116. REPORTS ON THE NUMBER OF MEN-
TALLY ILL OFFENDERS IN PRISON. 
(a) R EPORT ON THE COST OF TREATING THE  
MENTALLY ILL IN THE CRIMINAL JUSTICE SYS-
TEM.—Not later than 12 months after the 
date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report detailing the cost of imprisonment for individuals who have serious mental illness by the Federal Government or a State or unit of local gov-ernment, which shall include— 
(1) the number and type of crimes com-
mitted by individuals with serious mental illness each year; and 
(2) detail strategies or ideas for preventing 
crimes by those individuals with serious mental illness from occurring. 
(b) D
EFINITION .—For purposes of this sec-
tion, the Attorney General, in consultation with the Assistant Secretary of Mental Health and Substance Use Disorders shall de-fined ‘‘serious mental illness’’ based on the ‘‘Health Care Reform for Americans with Se-vere Mental Illnesses: Report’’ of the Na-tional Advisory Mental Health Council, American Journal of Psychiatry 1993; 150:1447–1465. 
TITLE II—COMPREHENSIVE JUSTICE AND 
MENTAL HEALTH ACT 
SEC. 201. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Comprehen-
sive Justice and Mental Health Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 202. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: 
(1) An estimated 2,000,000 individuals with 
serious mental illnesses are booked into jails 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05AU6.044 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6398 August 5, 2015 
each year, resulting in prevalence rates of 
serious mental illness in jails that are 3 to 6 times higher than in the general population. An even greater number of individuals who are detained in jails each year have mental health problems that do not rise to the level of a serious mental illness but may still re-quire a resource-intensive response. 
(2) Adults with mental illnesses cycle 
through jails more often than individuals without mental illnesses, and tend to stay longer (including before trial, during trial, and after sentencing). 
(3) According to estimates, almost 
3⁄4of jail 
detainees with serious mental illnesses have co-occurring substance use disorders, and in-dividuals with mental illnesses are also much more likely to have serious physical health needs. 
(4) Among individuals under probation su-
pervision, individuals with mental disorders are nearly twice as likely as other individ-uals to have their community sentence re-voked, furthering their involvement in the criminal justice system. Reasons for revoca-tion may be directly or indirectly related to an individual’s mental disorder. 
SEC. 203. SEQUENTIAL INTERCEPT MODEL. 
(a) R EDESIGNATION .—Section 2991 of the 
Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3797aa) is amended by redes-ignating subsection (i) as subsection (o). 
(b) S
EQUENTIAL INTERCEPT MODEL .—Section 
2991 of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3797aa) is amended by inserting after subsection (h) the following: 
‘‘(i) S
EQUENTIAL INTERCEPT GRANTS .— 
‘‘(1) D EFINITION .—In this subsection, the 
term ‘eligible entity’ means a State, unit of local government, Indian tribe, or tribal or-ganization. 
‘‘(2) A
UTHORIZATION .—The Attorney Gen-
eral may make grants under this subsection to an eligible entity for sequential intercept mapping and implementation in accordance 
with paragraph (3). 
‘‘(3) S
EQUENTIAL INTERCEPT MAPPING ; IM-
PLEMENTATION .—An eligible entity that re-
ceives a grant under this subsection may use funds for— 
‘‘(A) sequential intercept mapping, which— ‘‘(i) shall consist of— ‘‘(I) convening mental health and criminal 
justice stakeholders to— 
‘‘(aa) develop a shared understanding of 
the flow of justice-involved individuals with mental illnesses through the criminal justice system; and 
‘‘(bb) identify opportunities for improved 
collaborative responses to the risks and needs of individuals described in item (aa); and 
‘‘(II) developing strategies to address gaps 
in services and bring innovative and effec-tive programs to scale along multiple inter-cepts, including— 
‘‘(aa) emergency and crisis services; ‘‘(bb) specialized police-based responses; ‘‘(cc) court hearings and disposition alter-
natives; 
‘‘(dd) reentry from jails and prisons; and ‘‘(ee) community supervision, treatment 
and support services; and 
‘‘(ii) may serve as a starting point for the 
development of strategic plans to achieve positive public health and safety outcomes; and 
‘‘(B) implementation, which shall— ‘‘(i) be derived from the strategic plans de-
scribed in subparagraph (A)(ii); and 
‘‘(ii) consist of— ‘‘(I) hiring and training personnel; ‘‘(II) identifying the eligible entity’s target 
population; 
‘‘(III) providing services and supports to re-
duce unnecessary penetration into the crimi-nal justice system; ‘‘(IV) reducing recidivism; 
‘‘(V) evaluating the impact of the eligible 
entity’s approach; and 
‘‘(VI) planning for the sustainability of ef-
fective interventions.’’. 
SEC. 204. VETERANS TREATMENT COURTS. 
Section 2991 of the Omnibus Crime Control 
and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3797aa) is amended by inserting after subsection (i), as added by section 203, the following: 
‘‘(j) A
SSISTING VETERANS .— 
‘‘(1) D EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: 
‘‘(A) P EER TO PEER SERVICES OR PRO -
GRAMS .—The term ‘peer to peer services or 
programs’ means services or programs that connect qualified veterans with other vet-erans for the purpose of providing support and mentorship to assist qualified veterans in obtaining treatment, recovery, stabiliza-tion, or rehabilitation. 
‘‘(B) Q
UALIFIED VETERAN .—The term ‘quali-
fied veteran’ means a preliminarily qualified offender who— 
‘‘(i) served on active duty in any branch of 
the Armed Forces, including the National Guard or Reserves; and 
‘‘(ii) was discharged or released from such 
service under conditions other than dishon-orable. 
‘‘(C) V
ETERANS TREATMENT COURT PRO -
GRAM .—The term ‘veterans treatment court 
program’ means a court program involving collaboration among criminal justice, vet-erans, and mental health and substance abuse agencies that provides qualified vet-erans with— 
‘‘(i) intensive judicial supervision and case 
management, which may include random and frequent drug testing where appropriate; 
‘‘(ii) a full continuum of treatment serv-
ices, including mental health services, sub-stance abuse services, medical services, and services to address trauma; 
‘‘(iii) alternatives to incarceration; and ‘‘(iv) other appropriate services, including 
housing, transportation, mentoring, employ-ment, job training, education, and assistance in applying for and obtaining available bene-fits. 
‘‘(2) V
ETERANS ASSISTANCE PROGRAM .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Attorney General, 
in consultation with the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs, may award grants under this subsection to applicants to establish or ex-pand— 
‘‘(i) veterans treatment court programs; ‘‘(ii) peer to peer services or programs for 
qualified veterans; 
‘‘(iii) practices that identify and provide 
treatment, rehabilitation, legal, transi-tional, and other appropriate services to qualified veterans who have been incarcer-ated; and 
‘‘(iv) training programs to teach criminal 
justice, law enforcement, corrections, men-tal health, and substance abuse personnel how to identify and appropriately respond to incidents involving qualified veterans. 
‘‘(B) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under 
this subsection, the Attorney General shall give priority to applications that— 
‘‘(i) demonstrate collaboration between 
and joint investments by criminal justice, mental health, substance abuse, and vet-erans service agencies; 
‘‘(ii) promote effective strategies to iden-
tify and reduce the risk of harm to qualified veterans and public safety; and 
‘‘(iii) propose interventions with empirical 
support to improve outcomes for qualified veterans.’’. 
SEC. 205. PRISON AND JAILS. 
Section 2991 of the Omnibus Crime Control 
and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3797aa) is amended by inserting after subsection (j), as added by section 204, the following: 
‘‘(k) C
ORRECTIONAL FACILITIES .— ‘‘(1) D EFINITIONS .— 
‘‘(A) C ORRECTIONAL FACILITY .—The term 
‘correctional facility’ means a jail, prison, or other detention facility used to house people who have been arrested, detained, held, or convicted by a criminal justice agency or a court. 
‘‘(B) E
LIGIBLE INMATE .—The term ‘eligible 
inmate’ means an individual who— 
‘‘(i) is being held, detained, or incarcerated 
in a correctional facility; and 
‘‘(ii) manifests obvious signs of a mental 
illness or has been diagnosed by a qualified mental health professional as having a men-tal illness. 
‘‘(2) C
ORRECTIONAL FACILITY GRANTS .—The 
Attorney General may award grants to appli-cants to enhance the capabilities of a correc-tional facility— 
‘‘(A) to identify and screen for eligible in-
mates; 
‘‘(B) to plan and provide— ‘‘(i) initial and periodic assessments of the 
clinical, medical, and social needs of in-mates; and 
‘‘(ii) appropriate treatment and services 
that address the mental health and sub-stance abuse needs of inmates; 
‘‘(C) to develop, implement, and enhance— ‘‘(i) post-release transition plans for eligi-
ble inmates that, in a comprehensive man-ner, coordinate health, housing, medical, employment, and other appropriate services and public benefits; 
‘‘(ii) the availability of mental health care 
services and substance abuse treatment serv-ices; and 
‘‘(iii) alternatives to solitary confinement 
and segregated housing and mental health screening and treatment for inmates placed in solitary confinement or segregated hous-ing; and 
‘‘(D) to train each employee of the correc-
tional facility to identify and appropriately respond to incidents involving inmates with mental health or co-occurring mental health and substance abuse disorders.’’. 
SEC. 206. ALLOWABLE USES. 
Section 2991(b)(5)(I) of the Omnibus Crime 
Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3797aa(b)(5)(I)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(v) T
EAMS ADDRESSING FREQUENT USERS OF  
CRISIS SERVICES .—Multidisciplinary teams 
that— 
‘‘(I) coordinate, implement, and administer 
community-based crisis responses and long- term plans for frequent users of crisis serv-ices; 
‘‘(II) provide training on how to respond 
appropriately to the unique issues involving frequent users of crisis services for public service personnel, including criminal justice, mental health, substance abuse, emergency room, healthcare, law enforcement, correc-tions, and housing personnel; 
‘‘(III) develop or support alternatives to 
hospital and jail admissions for frequent users of crisis services that provide treat-ment, stabilization, and other appropriate supports in the least restrictive, yet appro-priate, environment; and 
‘‘(IV) develop protocols and systems among 
law enforcement, mental health, substance abuse, housing, corrections, and emergency medical service operations to provide coordi-nated assistance to frequent users of crisis services.’’. 
SEC. 207. LAW ENFORCEMENT TRAINING. 
Section 2991(h) of the Omnibus Crime Con-
trol and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3797aa(h)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1), by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(F) A
CADEMY TRAINING .—To provide sup-
port for academy curricula, law enforcement officer orientation programs, continuing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05AU6.044 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6399 August 5, 2015 
education training, and other programs that 
teach law enforcement personnel how to identify and respond to incidents involving persons with mental health disorders or co- occurring mental health and substance abuse disorders.’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) P
RIORITY CONSIDERATION .—The Attor-
ney General, in awarding grants under this subsection, shall give priority to programs that law enforcement personnel and mem-bers of the mental health and substance abuse professions develop and administer co-operatively.’’. 
SEC. 208. FEDERAL LAW ENFORCEMENT TRAIN-
ING. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Attorney General shall provide direction and guidance for the following: 
(1) T
RAINING PROGRAMS .—Programs that 
offer specialized and comprehensive training, in procedures to identify and appropriately respond to incidents in which the unique needs of individuals who have a mental ill-ness are involved, to first responders and tactical units of— 
(A) Federal law enforcement agencies; and (B) other Federal criminal justice agencies 
such as the Bureau of Prisons, the Adminis-trative Office of the United States Courts, and other agencies that the Attorney Gen-
eral determines appropriate. 
(2) I
MPROVED TECHNOLOGY .—The establish-
ment of, or improvement of existing, com-puterized information systems to provide timely information to employees of Federal law enforcement agencies, and Federal criminal justice agencies to improve the re-sponse of such employees to situations in-volving individuals who have a mental ill-ness. 
SEC. 209. GAO REPORT. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of en-
actment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States, in coordination with the Attorney General, shall submit to Con-gress a report on— 
(1) the practices that Federal first respond-
ers, tactical units, and corrections officers are trained to use in responding to individ-uals with mental illness; 
(2) procedures to identify and appro-
priately respond to incidents in which the unique needs of individuals who have a men-tal illness are involved, to Federal first re-sponders and tactical units; 
(3) the application of evidence-based prac-
tices in criminal justice settings to better address individuals with mental illnesses; and 
(4) recommendations on how the Depart-
ment of Justice can expand and improve in-formation sharing and dissemination of best practices. 
SEC. 210. EVIDENCE BASED PRACTICES. 
Section 2991(c) of the Omnibus Crime Con-
trol and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3797aa(c)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the 
end; 
(2) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-
graph (6); and 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (3), the fol-
lowing: 
‘‘(4) propose interventions that have been 
shown by empirical evidence to reduce re-cidivism; 
‘‘(5) when appropriate, use validated as-
sessment tools to target preliminarily quali-fied offenders with a moderate or high risk of recidivism and a need for treatment and services; or’’. SEC. 211. TRANSPARENCY, PROGRAM ACCOUNT-
ABILITY, AND ENHANCEMENT OF LOCAL AUTHORITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2991(a) of the Om-
nibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3797aa(a)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (7)— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘M
ENTAL  
ILLNESS ’’ and inserting ‘‘M ENTAL ILLNESS ; 
MENTAL HEALTH DISORDER ’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘term ‘‘mental illness’’ 
means’’ and inserting ‘‘terms ‘‘mental ill-ness’’ and ‘‘mental health disorder’’ mean’’; and 
(2) by striking paragraph (9) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(9) P
RELIMINARILY QUALIFIED OFFENDER .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘preliminarily 
qualified offender’ means an adult or juve-nile accused of an offense who— 
‘‘(i)(I) previously or currently has been di-
agnosed by a qualified mental health profes-sional as having a mental illness or co-occur-ring mental illness and substance abuse dis-orders; 
‘‘(II) manifests obvious signs of mental ill-
ness or co-occurring mental illness and sub-stance abuse disorders during arrest or con-finement or before any court; or 
‘‘(III) in the case of a veterans treatment 
court provided under subsection (i), has been diagnosed with, or manifests obvious signs 
of, mental illness or a substance abuse dis-order or co-occurring mental illness and sub-stance abuse disorder; 
‘‘(ii) has been unanimously approved for 
participation in a program funded under this section by, when appropriate— 
‘‘(I) the relevant— ‘‘(aa) prosecuting attorney; ‘‘(bb) defense attorney; ‘‘(cc) probation or corrections official; and ‘‘(dd) judge; and ‘‘(II) a representative from the relevant 
mental health agency described in sub-section (b)(5)(B)(i); 
‘‘(iii) has been determined, by each person 
described in clause (ii) who is involved in ap-proving the adult or juvenile for participa-tion in a program funded under this section, to not pose a risk of violence to any person in the program, or the public, if selected to participate in the program; and 
‘‘(iv) has not been charged with or con-
victed of— 
‘‘(I) any sex offense (as defined in section 
111 of the Sex Offender Registration and No-tification Act (42 U.S.C. 16911)) or any offense relating to the sexual exploitation of chil-dren; or 
‘‘(II) murder or assault with intent to com-
mit murder. 
‘‘(B) D
ETERMINATION .—In determining 
whether to designate a defendant as a pre-liminarily qualified offender, the relevant prosecuting attorney, defense attorney, pro-bation or corrections official, judge, and mental health or substance abuse agency representative shall take into account— 
‘‘(i) whether the participation of the de-
fendant in the program would pose a sub-stantial risk of violence to the community; 
‘‘(ii) the criminal history of the defendant 
and the nature and severity of the offense for which the defendant is charged; 
‘‘(iii) the views of any relevant victims to 
the offense; 
‘‘(iv) the extent to which the defendant 
would benefit from participation in the pro-gram; 
‘‘(v) the extent to which the community 
would realize cost savings because of the de-fendant’s participation in the program; and 
‘‘(vi) whether the defendant satisfies the 
eligibility criteria for program participation unanimously established by the relevant prosecuting attorney, defense attorney, pro-bation or corrections official, judge and men-tal health or substance abuse agency rep-
resentative.’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—Section 2927(2) of the Omnibus Crime 
Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3797s-6(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘has the meaning given that term in section 2991(a).’’ and inserting ‘‘means an offense that— 
‘‘(A) does not have as an element the use, 
attempted use, or threatened use of physical force against the person or property of an-other; or 
‘‘(B) is not a felony that by its nature in-
volves a substantial risk that physical force against the person or property of another may be used in the course of committing the offense.’’. 
SEC. 212. GRANT ACCOUNTABILITY. 
Section 2991 of the Omnibus Crime Control 
and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3797aa) is amended by inserting after subsection (k), as added by section 205, the following: 
‘‘(m) A
CCOUNTABILITY .—All grants awarded 
by the Attorney General under this section shall be subject to the following account-ability provisions: 
‘‘(1) A
UDIT REQUIREMENT .— 
‘‘(A) D EFINITION .—In this paragraph, the 
term ‘unresolved audit finding’ means a find-ing in the final audit report of the Inspector General of the Department of Justice that the audited grantee has utilized grant funds for an unauthorized expenditure or otherwise unallowable cost that is not closed or re-solved within 12 months from the date when the final audit report is issued. 
‘‘(B) A
UDITS .—Beginning in the first fiscal 
year beginning after the date of enactment of this subsection, and in each fiscal year thereafter, the Inspector General of the De-
partment of Justice shall conduct audits of recipients of grants under this section to prevent waste, fraud, and abuse of funds by grantees. The Inspector General shall deter-mine the appropriate number of grantees to be audited each year. 
‘‘(C) M
ANDATORY EXCLUSION .—A recipient 
of grant funds under this section that is found to have an unresolved audit finding shall not be eligible to receive grant funds under this section during the first 2 fiscal years beginning after the end of the 12- month period described in subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(D) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under 
this section, the Attorney General shall give priority to eligible applicants that did not have an unresolved audit finding during the 3 fiscal years before submitting an applica-tion for a grant under this section. 
‘‘(E) R
EIMBURSEMENT .—If an entity is 
awarded grant funds under this section dur-ing the 2-fiscal-year period during which the entity is barred from receiving grants under subparagraph (C), the Attorney General shall— 
‘‘(i) deposit an amount equal to the 
amount of the grant funds that were improp-erly awarded to the grantee into the General Fund of the Treasury; and 
‘‘(ii) seek to recoup the costs of the repay-
ment to the fund from the grant recipient that was erroneously awarded grant funds. 
‘‘(2) N
ONPROFIT ORGANIZATION REQUIRE -
MENTS .— 
‘‘(A) D EFINITION .—For purposes of this 
paragraph and the grant programs under this part, the term ‘nonprofit organization’ means an organization that is described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and is exempt from taxation under section 501(a) of such Code. 
‘‘(B) P
ROHIBITION .—The Attorney General 
may not award a grant under this part to a nonprofit organization that holds money in offshore accounts for the purpose of avoiding paying the tax described in section 511(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05AU6.044 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6400 August 5, 2015 
‘‘(C) D ISCLOSURE .—Each nonprofit organi-
zation that is awarded a grant under this section and uses the procedures prescribed in regulations to create a rebuttable presump-tion of reasonableness for the compensation of its officers, directors, trustees, and key employees, shall disclose to the Attorney General, in the application for the grant, the process for determining such compensation, including the independent persons involved in reviewing and approving such compensa-tion, the comparability data used, and con-temporaneous substantiation of the delibera-tion and decision. Upon request, the Attor-ney General shall make the information dis-closed under this subparagraph available for public inspection. 
‘‘(3) C
ONFERENCE EXPENDITURES .— 
‘‘(A) L IMITATION .—No amounts made avail-
able to the Department of Justice under this section may be used by the Attorney Gen-eral, or by any individual or entity awarded discretionary funds through a cooperative agreement under this section, to host or sup-port any expenditure for conferences that uses more than $20,000 in funds made avail-able by the Department of Justice, unless the head of the relevant agency or depart-ment, provides prior written authorization that the funds may be expended to host the conference. 
‘‘(B) W
RITTEN APPROVAL .—Written ap-
proval under subparagraph (A) shall include a written estimate of all costs associated with the conference, including the cost of all food, beverages, audio-visual equipment, honoraria for speakers, and entertainment. 
‘‘(C) R
EPORT .—The Deputy Attorney Gen-
eral shall submit an annual report to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives on all conference expenditures approved under this paragraph. 
‘‘(4) A
NNUAL CERTIFICATION .—Beginning in 
the first fiscal year beginning after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Attor-ney General shall submit, to the Committee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Ap-propriations of the Senate and the Com-mittee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Represent-atives, an annual certification— 
‘‘(A) indicating whether— ‘‘(i) all audits issued by the Office of the 
Inspector General under paragraph (1) have been completed and reviewed by the appro-priate Assistant Attorney General or Direc-tor; 
‘‘(ii) all mandatory exclusions required 
under paragraph (1)(C) have been issued; and 
‘‘(iii) all reimbursements required under 
paragraph (1)(E) have been made; and 
‘‘(B) that includes a list of any grant re-
cipients excluded under paragraph (1) from the previous year. 
‘‘(n) P
REVENTING DUPLICATIVE GRANTS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Before the Attorney 
General awards a grant to an applicant under this section, the Attorney General shall compare potential grant awards with other grants awarded under this Act to de-termine if duplicate grant awards are award-ed for the same purpose. 
‘‘(2) R
EPORT .—If the Attorney General 
awards duplicate grants to the same appli-cant for the same purpose the Attorney Gen-eral shall submit to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representa-tives a report that includes— 
‘‘(A) a list of all duplicate grants awarded, 
including the total dollar amount of any du-plicate grants awarded; and 
‘‘(B) the reason the Attorney General 
awarded the duplicate grants.’’. TITLE III—NICS REAUTHORIZATION AND 
NICS IMPROVEMENT 
SEC. 301. REAUTHORIZATION OF NICS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 103(e) of the NICS 
Improvement Amendments Act of 2007 (18 U.S.C. 922 note) is amended by striking ‘‘fis-cal year 2013’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020’’. 
SEC. 302. DEFINITIONS RELATING TO MENTAL 
HEALTH. 
(a) T ITLE 18 D EFINITIONS .—Chapter 44 of 
title 18, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in section 921(a), by adding at the end 
the following: 
‘‘(36)(A) Subject to subparagraph (B), the 
term ‘has been adjudicated mentally incom-petent or has been committed to a psy-chiatric hospital’, with respect to a person— 
‘‘(i) means the person is the subject of an 
order or finding by a judicial officer, court, board, commission, or other adjudicative body— 
‘‘(I) that was issued after— ‘‘(aa) a hearing— ‘‘(AA) of which the person received actual 
notice; and 
‘‘(BB) at which the person had an oppor-
tunity to participate with counsel; or 
‘‘(bb) the person knowingly and intel-
ligently waived the opportunity for a hear-ing— 
‘‘(AA) of which the person received actual 
notice; and 
‘‘(BB) at which the person would have had 
an opportunity to participate with counsel; and 
‘‘(II) that found that the person, as a result 
of marked subnormal intelligence, mental impairment, mental illness, incompetency, condition, or disease— 
‘‘(aa) was a danger to himself or herself or 
to others; 
‘‘(bb) was guilty but mentally ill in a 
criminal case, in a jurisdiction that provides for such a verdict; 
‘‘(cc) was not guilty in a criminal case by 
reason of insanity or mental disease or de-fect; 
‘‘(dd) was incompetent to stand trial in a 
criminal case; 
‘‘(ee) was not guilty by reason of lack of 
mental responsibility under section 850a of title 10 (article 50a of the Uniform Code of Military Justice); 
‘‘(ff) required involuntary inpatient treat-
ment by a psychiatric hospital for any rea-son, including substance abuse; or 
‘‘(gg) required involuntary outpatient 
treatment by a psychiatric hospital based on a finding that the person is a danger to him-self or herself or to others; and 
‘‘(ii) does not include— ‘‘(I) an admission to a psychiatric hospital 
for observation; or 
‘‘(II) a voluntary admission to a psy-
chiatric hospital. 
‘‘(B) In this paragraph, the term ‘order or 
finding’ does not include— 
‘‘(i) an order or finding that has expired or 
has been set aside or expunged; 
‘‘(ii) an order or finding that is no longer 
applicable because a judicial officer, court, board, commission, or other adjudicative body has found that the person who is the subject of the order or finding— 
‘‘(I) does not present a danger to himself or 
herself or to others; 
‘‘(II) has been restored to sanity or cured 
of mental disease or defect; 
‘‘(III) has been restored to competency; or ‘‘(IV) no longer requires involuntary inpa-
tient or outpatient treatment by a psy-chiatric hospital; or 
‘‘(iii) an order or finding with respect to 
which the person who is subject to the order or finding has been granted relief from dis-abilities under section 925(c), under a pro-gram described in section 101(c)(2)(A) or 105 
of the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007 (18 U.S.C. 922 note), or under any other State-authorized relief from disabil-ities program of the State in which the origi-nal commitment or adjudication occurred. 
‘‘(37) The term ‘psychiatric hospital’ in-
cludes a mental health facility, a mental hospital, a sanitarium, a psychiatric facility, and any other facility that provides diag-noses or treatment by licensed professionals of mental retardation or mental illness, in-cluding a psychiatric ward in a general hos-pital.’’; and 
(2) in section 922— (A) in subsection (d)(4)— (i) by striking ‘‘as a mental defective’’ and 
inserting ‘‘mentally incompetent’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘any mental institution’’ 
and inserting ‘‘a psychiatric hospital’’; and 
(B) in subsection (g)(4)— (i) by striking ‘‘as a mental defective or 
who has’’ and inserting ‘‘mentally incom-petent or has’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘mental institution’’ and 
inserting ‘‘psychiatric hospital’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The NICS Improvement Amendments 
Act of 2007 (18 U.S.C. 922 note) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘as a mental defective’’ 
each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘mentally incompetent’’; 
(2) by striking ‘‘mental institution’’ each 
place that term appears and inserting ‘‘psy-chiatric hospital’’; 
(3) in section 101(c)— (A) in paragraph (1), in the matter pre-
ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘to the mental health of a person’’ and inserting ‘‘to whether a person is mentally incompetent’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A)(i), by striking ‘‘to 
the mental health of a person’’ and inserting ‘‘to whether a person is mentally incom-petent’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘to 
the mental health of a person’’ and inserting ‘‘to whether a person is mentally incom-petent’’; and 
(4) in section 102(c)(3)— (A) in the paragraph heading, by striking 
‘‘
AS A MENTAL DEFECTIVE OR COMMITTED TO A  
MENTAL INSTITUTION ’’ and inserting ‘‘ MEN-
TALLY INCOMPETENT OR COMMITTED TO A PSY -
CHIATRIC HOSPITAL ’’; and 
(B) by striking ‘‘mental institutions’’ and 
inserting ‘‘psychiatric hospitals’’. 
SEC. 303. INCENTIVES FOR STATE COMPLIANCE 
WITH NICS MENTAL HEALTH RECORD REQUIREMENTS. 
Section 104(b) of the NICS Improvement 
Amendments Act of 2007 (18 U.S.C. 922 note) is amended— 
(1) by striking paragraphs (1) and (2); (2) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-
graph (2); 
(3) in paragraph (2), as redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘of paragraph (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘of paragraph (1)’’; and 
(4) by inserting before paragraph (2), as re-
designated, the following: 
‘‘(1) I
NCENTIVES FOR PROVIDING MENTAL  
HEALTH RECORDS AND FIXING THE BACKGROUND  
CHECK SYSTEM .— 
‘‘(A) D EFINITION OF COMPLIANT STATE .—In 
this paragraph, the term ‘compliant State’ means a State that has— 
‘‘(i) provided not less than 90 percent of the 
records required to be provided under sec-tions 102 and 103; or 
‘‘(ii) in effect a statute that— ‘‘(I) requires the State to provide the 
records required to be provided under sec-tions 102 and 103; and 
‘‘(II) implements a relief from disabilities 
program in accordance with section 105. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05AU6.044 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6401 August 5, 2015 
‘‘(B) I NCENTIVES FOR COMPLIANCE .—During 
the period beginning on the date that is 18 months after the enactment of the Mental Health and Safe Communities Act of 2015 and ending on the date that is 5 years after the date of enactment of such Act, the Attorney General— 
‘‘(i) shall use funds appropriated to carry 
out section 103 of this Act, the excess unobli-gated balances of the Department of Justice and funds withheld under clause (ii), or any combination thereof, to increase the amounts available under section 505 of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3755) for each compliant State in an amount that is not less than 2 percent nor more than 5 percent of the amount that was allocated to such State under such section 505 in the previous fiscal year; and 
‘‘(ii) may withhold an amount not to ex-
ceed the amount described in clause (i) that would otherwise be allocated to a State under any section of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3711 et seq.) if the State— 
‘‘(I) is not a compliant State; and ‘‘(II) does not submit an assurance to the 
Attorney General that— 
‘‘(aa) an amount that is not less than the 
amount described in clause (i) will be used solely for the purpose of enabling the State to become a compliant State; or 
‘‘(bb) the State will hold in abeyance an 
amount that is not less than the amount de-scribed in clause (i) until such State has be-come a compliant State. 
‘‘(C) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 180 days 
after the enactment of the Mental Health and Safe Communities Act of 2015, the Attor-ney General shall issue regulations imple-menting this paragraph.’’. 
SEC. 304. PROTECTING THE SECOND AMEND-
MENT RIGHTS OF VETERANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 55 of title 38, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 5511. Conditions for treatment of certain 
persons as adjudicated mentally incom-petent for certain purposes 
‘‘(a) P
ROTECTING RIGHTS OF VETERANS WITH 
EXISTING RECORDS .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of enactment of the Mental Health and Safe Communities Act of 2015, the Secretary shall provide written notice in accordance with subsection (b) of the oppor-tunity for administrative review under sub-section (c) to all persons who, on the date of enactment of the Mental Health and Safe Communities Act of 2015, are considered to have been adjudicated mentally incompetent or committed to a psychiatric hospital under subsection (d)(4) or (g)(4) of section 922 of title 18 as a result of having been found by the Department to be mentally incompetent. 
‘‘(b) N
OTICE .—The Secretary shall provide 
notice under this section to a person de-scribed in subsection (a) that notifies the person of— 
‘‘(1) the determination made by the Sec-
retary; 
‘‘(2) a description of the implications of 
being considered to have been adjudicated mentally incompetent or committed to a psychiatric hospital under subsection (d)(4) or (g)(4) of section 922 of title 18; and 
‘‘(3) the right of the person to request a re-
view under subsection (c)(1). 
‘‘(c) A
DMINISTRATIVE REVIEW .— 
‘‘(1) R EQUEST .—Not later than 30 days after 
the date on which a person described in sub-section (a) receives notice in accordance with subsection (b), such person may request a review by the board designed or established under paragraph (2) or by a court of com-petent jurisdiction to assess whether the per-son is a danger to himself or herself or to others. In such assessment, the board may 
consider the person’s honorable discharge or decorations. 
‘‘(2) B
OARD .—Not later than 180 days after 
the date of enactment of the Mental Health and Safe Communities Act of 2015, the Sec-retary shall designate or establish a board that shall, upon request of a person under paragraph (1), assess whether the person is a danger to himself or herself or to others. 
‘‘(d) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .—A person may file a 
petition with a Federal court of competent jurisdiction for judicial review of an assess-ment of the person under subsection (c) by the board designated or established under subsection (c)(2).’’. 
(b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of 
sections for chapter 55 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘5511. Conditions for treatment of certain 
persons as adjudicated men-tally incompetent for certain purposes.’’. 
SEC. 305. APPLICABILITY OF AMENDMENTS. 
With respect to any record of a person pro-
hibited from possessing or receiving a fire-arm under subsection (d)(4) or (g)(4) of sec-tion 922 of title 18, United States Code, be-fore the date of enactment of this Act, the Attorney General shall remove such a record from the National Instant Criminal Back-ground Check System— 
(1) upon being made aware that the person 
is no longer considered as adjudicated men-tally incompetent or committed to a psy-chiatric hospital according to the criteria under paragraph (36)(A)(i)(II) of section 921(a) of title 18, United States Code (as added by this title), and is therefore no longer prohibited from possessing or receiv-ing a firearm; 
(2) upon being made aware that any order 
or finding that the record is based on is an order or finding described in paragraph (36)(B) of section 921(a) of title 18, United State Code (as added by this title); or 
(3) upon being made aware that the person 
has been found competent to possess a fire-arm after an administrative or judicial re-view under subsection (c) or (d) of section 5511 of title 38, United States Code (as added by this title). 
SEC. 306. CLARIFICATION THAT FEDERAL COURT 
INFORMATION IS TO BE MADE AVAILABLE TO THE NATIONAL IN-STANT CRIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECK SYSTEM. 
Section 103(e)(1) of the Brady Handgun Vio-
lence Prevention Act (18 U.S.C. 922 note) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(F) A
PPLICATION TO FEDERAL COURTS .—In 
this paragraph— 
‘‘(i) the terms ‘department or agency of the 
United States’ and ‘Federal department or agency’ include a Federal court; and 
‘‘(ii) for purposes of any request, submis-
sion, or notification, the Director of the Ad-ministrative Office of the United States Courts shall perform the functions of the head of the department or agency.’’. 
TITLE IV—REAUTHORIZATIONS AND 
OFFSET 
SEC. 401. REAUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-
TIONS. 
(a) A DULT AND JUVENILE COLLABORATION  
PROGRAMS .—Subsection (o) of section 2991 of 
the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3797aa), as redesignated by section 203, is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)(C), by striking ‘‘2009 
through 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘2016 through 2020’’; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(3) L
IMITATION .—Not more than 20 percent 
of the funds authorized to be appropriated under this section may be used for purposes described in subsection (j) (relating to vet-
erans).’’. 
(b) M
ENTAL HEALTH COURTS AND QUALIFIED  
DRUG TREATMENT PROGRAMS .—Section 
1001(a) of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3793(a)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (20), by striking ‘‘2001 
through 2004’’ and inserting ‘‘2016 through 2020’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (26), by striking ‘‘2009 and 
2010’’ and inserting ‘‘2016 through 2020’’. 
SEC. 402. OFFSET. 
(a) D EFINITION .—In this subsection, the 
term ‘‘covered amounts’’ means the unobli-
gated balances of discretionary appropria-tions accounts, except for the discretionary appropriations accounts of the Department of Defense, the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, and the Department of Homeland Secu-rity. 
(b) R
ESCISSION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Effective on the first day 
of each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 , there are rescinded from covered amounts, on a pro rata basis, the amount described in paragraph (2). 
(2) A
MOUNT OF RESCISSION .—The amount 
described in this subparagraph is the sum of the amounts authorized to be appropriated under paragraphs (20) and (26) of section 1001(a) of title I of the Omnibus Crime Con-trol and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3793(a)). 
(3) R
EPORT .—Not later 60 days after the 
first day of each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020, the Director of the Office of Manage-ment and Budget shall submit to Congress and the Secretary of the Treasury a report specifying the account and amount of each rescission under this subsection. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 242—CELE-
BRATING 25 YEARS OF SUCCESS FROM THE OFFICE OF RESEARCH ON WOMEN’S HEALTH AT THE NATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH 
Ms. MIKULSKI (for herself and Ms. 
C
OLLINS ) submitted the following reso-
lution; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: 
S. R ES. 242 
Whereas, on September 10, 1990, the Office 
of Research on Women’s Health (in this reso-lution referred to as ‘‘ORWH’’) was estab-lished at the National Institutes of Health (in this resolution referred to as ‘‘NIH’’) to— 
(1) ensure that women were included in 
NIH-funded clinical research; 
(2) set research priorities to address gaps 
in scientific knowledge; and 
(3) promote biomedical research careers for 
women; 
Whereas ORWH was established in law by 
the National Institutes of Health Revitaliza-tion Act of 1993 (Public Law 103–43; 107 Stat. 122) and implemented the law requiring re-searchers to include women in NIH-funded tests of new drugs and other clinical trials; 
Whereas, today, more than 
1⁄2of the par-
ticipants in NIH-funded clinical trials are women, enabling the development of clinical approaches to prevention, diagnosis, or treatment appropriate for women; 
Whereas, in 2015, ORWH, with enthusiastic 
support from NIH leadership, announced that, beginning in January 2016, NIH-funded scientists must account for the possible role of sex as a biological variable in vertebrate animal and human studies; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05AU6.044 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6402 August 5, 2015 
Whereas ORWH, along with NIH leader-
ship, enhances awareness of the need to ad-here to principles of rigor and transparency, including the need to publish sex-specific re-sults to inform the treatment of women, men, boys, and girls; 
Whereas, over the past 25 years, ORWH has 
helped expand research on women’s health beyond its roots in reproductive health to in-clude— 
(1) the study of the health of women across 
the lifespans of women; and 
(2) biomedical and behavioral research 
from cells to selves; 
Whereas, by studying both sexes, ORWH is 
leading the scientific community to make discoveries headed toward treatments that are more personalized for both women and men; 
Whereas, today, ORWH communicates 
through programs and policies that sex and gender affect health, wellness, and how dis-eases progress; 
Whereas turning discovery into health for 
all, the NIH motto, means studying both fe-males and males across the biomedical re-search continuum; 
Whereas the ORWH Specialized Centers of 
Research on Sex Differences program sup-ports established scientists who do basic, clinical, and translational research with a sex and gender focus; 
Whereas all NIH Institutes and Centers 
fund and encourage scientists at universities across the nation to conduct research on the health of women and on sex and gender influ-ences; 
Whereas, over the past 25 years, ORWH has 
established several career-enhancement ini-tiatives for women in biomedicine, including the Building Interdisciplinary Research Ca-reers in Women’s Health program that con-nects junior faculty with mentors who share interests in women’s health research; 
Whereas ORWH co-directs the NIH Work-
ing Group on Women in Biomedical Careers, which develops and evaluates policies to pro-mote the recruitment, retention, and sus-tained advancement of women scientists; 
Whereas the Women’s Health Initiative (in 
this resolution referred to as ‘‘WHI’’) marked the first long term study of its kind and re-sulted in a wealth of information so that women and their physicians can make more informed decisions regarding post-menopausal hormone therapy; 
Whereas WHI reduced the incidence of 
breast cancer by 10,000 to 15,000 cases per year, and the overall health care savings far exceeded the WHI investment; 
Whereas ORWH supported the National 
Cancer Institute’s development of a vaccine that prevents the transmission of Human Papilloma Virus, resulting in a decrease in the number of cases of cervical cancer; 
Whereas, in 1994, ORWH co-sponsored with 
the National Institute of Allergy and Infec-tious Diseases a landmark study, the results of which showed that giving the drug AZT to HIV-infected women with little or no prior antiretroviral therapy reduced the risk of mother-to-child transmission of HIV by 
2⁄3; 
Whereas, according to the CDC, perinatal 
HIV infections in the United States have dropped by more than 90 percent; 
Whereas ORWH co-funded a large clinical 
study of the genetic and environmental risk factors for ischemic stroke, which identified a strong relationship between the number of cigarettes smoked per day and the prob-ability of ischemic stroke in young women, prompting the targeting of smoking as a pre-ventable and modifiable risk factor for cere-brovascular disease in young women; and 
Whereas, over the past 25 years, ORWH has 
contributed support toward major advances in knowledge about the genetic risk for breast cancer, and discovery of the BRCA1 and BRCA2 genetic risk markers has enabled 
better-informed genetic counseling and treatment for members of families that carry mutant alleles: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That it is the sense of the Senate 
that— 
(1) ORWH has improved and saved the lives 
of countless women worldwide and must re-main intact for this and future generations; 
(2) there remain striking sex and gender 
differences in many diseases and conditions, on which ORWH should continue to focus, in-cluding— 
(A) autoimmune diseases; (B) cancer; (C) cardiovascular diseases; (D) depression and brain disorders; (E) Alzheimer’s disease; (F) diabetes; (G) chronic diseases and disorders; (H) infectious diseases; (I) obesity; and (J) addictive disorders; (3) ORWH must continue to focus on ensur-
ing that NIH funds biomedical research that considers sex as a basic biological variable, across the research spectrum from basic to clinical studies; and 
(4) the Director of the NIH should continue 
to consult and involve ORWH on all matters related to the influence of sex and gender on health, especially those pertaining to the consideration of sex as a biological variable in research with vertebrate animals and hu-mans. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 243—CELE-
BRATING THE 35TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE SMALL BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT CENTERS OF THE UNITED STATES 
Mr. VITTER (for himself, Mrs. S
HA-
HEEN , Mr. E NZI, Ms. H IRONO , Mr. R ISCH, 
Mr. P ETERS , Ms. A YOTTE , and Mr. 
GARDNER ) submitted the following res-
olution; which was referred to the Committee on Small Business and En-trepreneurship: 
S. R ES. 243 
Whereas America’s Small Business Devel-
opment Center (referred to in this preamble as ‘‘SBDC’’) network will celebrate the 35th anniversary of the SBDC network at a con-ference to be held September 8 through 11, 2015, in San Francisco, California; 
Whereas the conference will be held— (1) to continue the professional develop-
ment of employees of SBDCs; and 
(2) to commemorate the educational and 
technical assistance offered by SBDCs to small businesses across the United States; 
Whereas for 35 years, SBDCs have been 
among the preeminent organizations in the United States for providing business advice, 1-on-1 counseling, and in-depth training to small businesses; 
Whereas, during the 35 years before the 
date of approval of this resolution, the SBDC network has grown from 9 fledgling centers to a nationwide network of 63 State and re-gional centers with more than 4,200 business advisors providing free counseling at nearly 1,000 individual locations; 
Whereas the SBDC network has worked for 
35 years with the Small Business Adminis-tration, institutions of higher education, State governments, Congress, and others, to significantly enhance the economic health and strength of small businesses in the United States; 
Whereas SBDCs— (1) have assisted more than 22,500,000 small 
businesses during the 35 years before the date of approval of this resolution; and (2) continue to aid and support hundreds of 
thousands of small businesses annually; 
Whereas 28 percent of all SBDC clients are 
minorities, 44 percent of SBDC clients are women, and 9 percent of all SBDC clients are veterans; 
Whereas SBDCs provide over 1,250,000 hours 
of counseling to small businesses and invest over $140,000,000 annually in supporting small business; 
Whereas, since 2012, SBDCs have helped 
small businesses create over 750,000 jobs, add $67,500,000,000 in sales and attract over $38,000,000,000 in capital; 
Whereas, since the inception of SBDCs, 
SBDCs have continued to redefine and trans-form the services offered by SBDCs, includ-ing training and advising, and have taken on new missions, in order to ensure that small businesses have relevant and significant as-sistance in all economic conditions; and 
Whereas Congress continues to support 
SBDCs and the role of SBDCs in assisting small businesses and building the economic success of the United States: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) celebrates the 35th anniversary of 
America’s Small Business Development Cen-ter network; and 
(2) expresses appreciation for— (A) the steadfast partnership between 
America’s Small Business Development Cen-ter network and the Small Business Admin-istration; and 
(B) the work of America’s Small Business 
Development Center network in ensuring quality assistance to small business and ac-cess for all to the American dream. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 244—EX-
PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE REGARDING THE ‘‘LAUDATO SI’’ ENCYCLICAL OF POPE FRANCIS, AND GLOBAL CLIMATE CHANGE 
Mr. FRANKEN (for himself, Mr. 
U
DALL , Mr. L EAHY , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. 
MERKLEY , and Mr. S ANDERS ) submitted 
the following resolution; which was re-ferred to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works: 
S. R ES. 244 
Whereas on June 18, 2015, Pope Francis 
published an encyclical letter on the envi-ronment that— 
(1) declares, ‘‘A very solid scientific con-
sensus indicates that we are presently wit-nessing a disturbing warming of the climatic system. In recent decades this warming has been accompanied by a constant rise in the sea level and, it would appear, by an increase of extreme weather events, even if a scientif-ically determinable cause cannot be assigned to each particular phenomenon. Humanity is called to recognize the need for changes of lifestyle, production and consumption, in order to combat this warming or at least the human causes which produce or aggravate it. It is true that there are other factors (such as volcanic activity, variations in the earth’s orbit and axis, the solar cycle), yet a number of scientific studies indicate that most glob-al warming in recent decades is due to the great concentration of greenhouse gases (carbon dioxide, methane, nitrogen oxides and others) released mainly as a result of human activity.’’; 
(2) states, ‘‘If present trends continue, this 
century may well witness extraordinary cli-
mate change and an unprecedented destruc-tion of ecosystems, with serious con-sequences for all of us. A rise in the sea level, for example, can create extremely seri-ous situations, if we consider that a quarter 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05AU6.040 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6403 August 5, 2015 
of the world’s population lives on the coast 
or nearby, and that the majority of our megacities are situated in coastal areas.’’; 
(3) affirms, ‘‘There is an urgent need to de-
velop policies so that, in the next few years, the emission of carbon dioxide and other highly polluting gases can be drastically re-duced, for example, substituting for fossil fuels and developing sources of renewable en-ergy. Worldwide there is minimal access to clean and renewable energy. There is still a need to develop adequate storage tech-nologies.’’; 
(4) emphasizes, ‘‘The deterioration of the 
environment and of society affects the most vulnerable people on the planet: ‘Both every-day experience and scientific research show that the gravest effects of all attacks on the environment are suffered by the poorest’.’’; and 
(5) proclaims, ‘‘Climate change is a global 
problem with grave implications: environ-mental, social, economic, political and for the distribution of goods. It represents one of the principal challenges facing humanity in our day.’’; 
Whereas leading scientific organizations in 
the United States have affirmed that human activity is the primary cause of climate change, including the American Association for the Advancement of Science, the Na-tional Academy of Sciences, the American Meteorological Society, the American Chem-ical Society, the American Geophysical Union, the American Institute of Biological Sciences, and many others; 
Whereas the U.S. Global Change Research 
Program’s 2014 National Climate Assessment documents that, over the past several dec-ades, as a result of climate change, the United States has experienced more frequent and intense heat waves, record droughts, in-creased flooding in certain regions, increased hurricane intensity, frequency, and duration, increased frequency and intensity of winter storms, rising sea levels, and other eco-logically problematic trends; and 
Whereas if present climate trends persist, 
the effects of a warming planet will become more catastrophic, as the 2014 National Cli-mate Assessment states, ‘‘Children, the el-derly, the sick, and the poor are especially vulnerable. There is mounting evidence that harm to the nation will increase substan-tially in the future unless global emissions of heat-trapping gases are greatly reduced.’’: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate stands with Pope 
Francis and the scientific consensus that— 
(1) human activity is the primary driver of 
climate change; 
(2) present climate trends are unsustain-
able; and 
(3) immediate action must be taken to sig-
nificantly reduce greenhouse gas emissions in order to limit the deleterious effects of human-induced climate change. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 245—DESIG-
NATING THE WEEK BEGINNING SEPTEMBER 13, 2015, AS ‘‘NA-TIONAL DIRECT SUPPORT PRO-FESSIONALS RECOGNITION WEEK’’ 
Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Ms. C
OL-
LINS, Mr. B ROWN , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. 
KING, Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. G RASSLEY , 
Mr. M URPHY , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. 
BOOKER , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. 
BLUMENTHAL , Ms. A YOTTE , and Mrs. 
MURRAY ) submitted the following reso-
lution; which was referred to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary: S. R ES. 245 
Whereas direct support professionals, di-
rect care workers, personal assistants, per-sonal attendants, in-home support workers, and paraprofessionals (in this resolution col-lectively referred to as ‘‘direct support pro-fessionals’’) are the primary providers of publicly funded long-term support and serv-ices for millions of individuals with disabil-ities; 
Whereas a direct support professional must 
build a close, respectful, and trusting rela-tionship with an individual with disabilities; 
Whereas a direct support professional as-
sists individuals with disabilities with inti-mate personal care assistance on a daily basis; 
Whereas direct support professionals pro-
vide a broad range of individualized support, including— 
(1) preparation of meals; (2) helping with medications; (3) assisting with bathing, dressing, and 
other aspects of daily living; 
(4) assisting individuals with physical dis-
abilities in accessing their environment; 
(5) providing transportation to school, 
work, religious activities, and recreational activities; and 
(6) helping with general daily affairs, such 
as assisting with financial matters, medical appointments, and personal interests; 
Whereas direct support professionals pro-
vide essential support to help keep individ-uals with disabilities connected to the fami-lies, friends, and communities of the individ-uals; 
Whereas direct support professionals sup-
port individuals with disabilities in making choices that lead to meaningful, productive lives; 
Whereas direct support professionals are 
integral to helping individuals with disabil-ities live successfully in the communities of the individuals, avoiding more costly insti-tutional care; 
Whereas the participation of direct support 
professionals in medical care planning is critical to the successful transition from medical events to post-acute care and long- term support and services; 
Whereas many direct support professionals 
are the primary financial providers for the families of the direct support professionals; 
Whereas direct support professionals are a 
critical element in supporting individuals— 
(1) who receive health care services for se-
vere chronic health conditions; and 
(2) with functional limitations; Whereas direct support professionals are 
hardworking, taxpaying citizens who provide an important service to individuals with dis-abilities, yet many direct support profes-sionals continue to earn low wages, receive inadequate benefits, and have limited oppor-tunities for advancement, resulting in high turnover and vacancy rates, adversely affect-ing the quality of support for, and the safety and health of, individuals with disabilities; 
Whereas there is a documented critical and 
increasing shortage of direct support profes-sionals throughout the United States; 
Whereas the Supreme Court of the United 
States, in Olmstead v. L.C., 527 U.S. 581 (1999), recognized the importance of commu-nity-based services for individuals with dis-abilities in holding that, under the Ameri-cans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq.), States must provide commu-nity-based treatment to individuals with dis-abilities when— 
(1) the services are appropriate; (2) the affected individuals do not oppose 
community-based treatment; and 
(3) community-based treatment can be rea-
sonably accommodated, taking into account the resources available to the State and the needs of other individuals with disabilities; 
and 
Whereas, in 2015, the majority of direct 
support professionals are employed in home- based and community-based settings, and this trend is projected to increase over the next decade: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) designates the week beginning Sep-
tember 13, 2015, as ‘‘National Direct Support Professionals Recognition Week’’; 
(2) recognizes the dedication and vital role 
of direct support professionals in enhancing the lives of individuals with disabilities of all ages; 
(3) appreciates the contribution of direct 
support professionals in supporting individ-uals with disabilities and their families in the United States; 
(4) commends direct support professionals 
as integral to the long-term support of and services for individuals with disabilities; and 
(5) finds that the successful implementa-
tion of the public policies affecting individ-uals with disabilities in the United States depends on the dedication of direct support professionals. 
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I rise 
today to submit, with my colleague Senator C
OLLINS , a resolution desig-
nating the week beginning September 13, 2015, as ‘‘National Direct Support Professionals Recognition Week.’’ The Senate has passed a similar resolution each year for the past seven years, and National Direct Support Professionals Recognition Week holds special signifi-cance this year as we celebrate the 25th anniversary of the Americans with Dis-abilities Act, ADA. 
Direct support professionals play an 
incredibly important role in providing essential community supports to mil-lions of Americans with disabilities. These dedicated workers assist individ-uals with disabilities with daily life ac-tivities such as dressing, eating, and bathing, and they help ensure that peo-ple with disabilities can be active par-ticipants in their communities. 
Let me share with you the story of 
Ed Wainwright, Jr., a direct support professional who was recognized this year for his incredible work and dedi-cation when he was given Maryland’s Direct Support Professional, DSP, of the Year Award by the American Net-work of Community Options and Re-sources, ANCOR. Ed works for New Ho-rizons Supported Services in Upper Marlboro, MD, and has been a direct support professional for over 6 years. He and his staff provide essential sup-port to 33 individuals with disabilities. Ed’s primary job is to teach and rein-force practical life skills for individ-uals with intellectual and develop-mental disabilities by integrating stra-tegic goal setting with daily living, with the goal of achieving self-suffi-ciency. 
Ed is committed to helping individ-
uals with disabilities realize their full potential. For example, Ed once worked with a man who had suffered a traumatic brain injury in a car acci-dent as a youth. After the accident, he could not walk, and the prognosis for regaining his mobility was poor. After work, Ed would often take this young man to the gym with him to help re-build his strength, on Ed’s own time 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05AU6.043 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6404 August 5, 2015 
and using his personal gym member-
ship. Recognizing this young man’s creative abilities, Ed also took it upon himself to research and apply for a grant to help pay for his college ex-penses. Thanks in large part to Ed’s commitment and dedication, that young man is a now graphic designer and, as he continues to work on his re-habilitation, taking steps again is a real possibility. 
As Ed’s story demonstrates, the job 
of a direct support professional is not easy. The hours are often long, and the wages are low. The job can be phys-ically laborious, as well as emotionally draining. The reward for direct support professionals, however, is that they are able to improve the lives of individuals with disabilities and help fulfill the promise of the ADA by making it pos-sible for these Americans to partici-pate in their communities to the full-est extent possible. 
Today, we have the opportunity to 
recognize the millions of direct support professionals who provide essential services to individuals with disabil-ities, to thank them for their commit-ment and dedication, and to express our appreciation for the critically im-portant work they do every day throughout our country. 
I urge my colleagues to join me and 
Senator C
OLLINS in expressing our ap-
preciation for our country’s direct sup-port professionals and supporting the resolution designating the week begin-ning September 13, 2015, as ‘‘National Direct Support Professionals Recogni-tion Week.’’ 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 246—COM-
MEMORATING 80 YEARS SINCE THE CREATION OF SOCIAL SECU-RITY 
Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mr. R
EID, 
Mr. S CHUMER , Ms. S TABENOW , Ms. 
CANTWELL , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. M ENENDEZ , 
Mr. C ARPER , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. B ROWN , 
Mr. B ENNET , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. W ARNER , 
Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. 
BOOKER , Mrs. B OXER , Mr. C OONS , Mr. 
DONNELLY , Mr. D URBIN , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , 
Mr. F RANKEN , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. 
HEINRICH , Ms. H EITKAMP , Ms. H IRONO , 
Mr. K AINE, Mr. K ING, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , 
Mr. L EAHY , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. M ARKEY , 
Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. M ERKLEY , Ms. M I-
KULSKI , Mr. M URPHY , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. 
PETERS , Mr. R EED, Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. 
SCHATZ , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. T ESTER , 
Mr. U DALL , Ms. W ARREN , and Mr. 
WHITEHOUSE ) submitted the following 
resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Finance: 
S. R ES. 246 
Whereas on August 14, 1935, President 
Franklin D. Roosevelt signed the Social Se-curity Act into law, thereby establishing a vital – and ultimately universal - insurance program for workers and families under which workers earn coverage by working and paying Social Security taxes on their earn-ings; 
Whereas Congress further strengthened So-
cial Security over the years by enacting im-provements to, and expansion of, retirement, survivors, and disability benefits for workers 
and their families, and now Social Security provides economic security to the Nation, and touches the life of nearly every Amer-ican; 
Whereas Social Security is one program 
that offers two essential earned benefits that are fundamentally linked: benefits for work-ers with disabilities and benefits for retired workers; 
Whereas in 2014, more than 48,000,000 retire-
ment and survivors beneficiaries and about 11,000,000 disability beneficiaries, including eligible family members, received Social Se-curity benefits; 
Whereas Social Security benefits are mod-
est but fundamental to the economic secu-rity of our Nation, with the average dis-ability benefit less than $1,200 per month, or less than $14,000 per year—falling just above the poverty line—and the average retirement 
benefit of close to $1,300 per month, or less than $16,000 per year; 
Whereas older Americans rely heavily on 
Social Security, with 9 out of 10 individuals age 65 and older receiving Social Security benefits, and among elderly Social Security beneficiaries, 52 percent of married couples and 74 percent of unmarried persons receive more than half of their income from Social Security; 
Whereas the Social Security Administra-
tion will issue almost $900,000,000,000 in earned benefits this year, while more than 1,200 Social Security field offices nationwide provide essential, accurate, and face-to-face services to millions of Americans each day; 
Whereas workers who are supported by dis-
ability benefits today will receive retirement benefits at full retirement age because So-cial Security Disability Insurance ensures that workers who are no longer able to work and their families are protected from the loss of future retirement benefits; 
Whereas Social Security’s Disability Insur-
ance protections are especially important to older workers, with 70 percent of Social Se-curity Disability Insurance beneficiaries are older than 50 and 30 percent are older than 60; 
Whereas Social Security has evolved with 
changes in the American workforce, with the number of working women who are fully in-sured for Social Security benefits more than doubling between 1970 and today; 
Whereas Social Security provides funda-
mental protection to workers of every age, including young workers, who have a one-in- three chance of dying or needing Social Se-curity disability benefits before reaching re-tirement age; 
Whereas Social Security is America’s 
‘‘family insurance plan,’’ providing more than 9 out of 10 American workers and their families basic but critical protection in the event they can no longer work to support themselves and their families due to a severe medical condition; 
Whereas, Social Security provides a life-
line for almost 7,000,000 children nationwide who receive benefits directly because a par-ent has died, become disabled, or retired, or indirectly because they live with a relative who is eligible to collect benefits; 
Whereas Social Security is efficient – ad-
ministrative expenses are less than one per-cent of benefits paid – and benefit payments are 99 percent accurate; and 
Whereas Social Security has dramatically 
reduced poverty, with research indicating that the entire reduction in elderly poverty between 1967 and 2000 was due to Social Secu-rity, that without Social Security 40 percent of the population older than 65 would be poor, and that Social Security benefits lifted an estimated 2,000,000 children out of poverty in 2013: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That it is the sense of the Senate 
that— 
(1) Social Security provides earned benefits 
that are crucial to the economic security of our Nation and must be preserved to ensure future generations of Americans are pro-tected; 
(2) with the strong support of the Federal 
Government, Social Security must continue to deliver guaranteed retirement and life in-surance benefits for workers and their fami-lies, as well as serve as an indispensable safe-ty net for the most vulnerable segments of American society, including children, per-sons with disabilities, the elderly, and the poor; and 
(3) while the Trust Funds that support So-
cial Security are projected to pay all bene-fits through 2034, Congress should act to en-sure this vital program can support workers and families far into the future, but should reject proposals that weaken or privatize So-cial Security and should consider proposals to strengthen Social Security benefits. 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I wish to 
take a few minutes in my capacity as ranking Democrat on the Committee on Finance to talk about the upcoming 80th anniversary of a great moment in our country’s history—the creation of the Social Security Program on August 14, 1935. 
I am very pleased to be joined by all 
of my colleagues on this side of the aisle in the introduction of a resolution demonstrating how much we appre-ciate this historic anniversary. Thanks in large part to Social Security, old age in America is no longer synony-mous with hardship. American workers have the great comfort of knowing that if the worst happens, Social Security will be there for them and their fami-lies. 
I remember how essential Social Se-
curity was to many of the older people I worked with when I was director of the Oregon Gray Panthers. However, eight short decades ago, seniors often lived in poverty and hard-working Americans had no guarantee of eco-nomic security. Our country was in the throes of the Great Depression. Unem-ployment topped 20 percent. You had bread lines for blocks, and the home-less population was growing. There was 
no social safety net, no lifeline that of-fered some measure of dignity. If a per-son lost their job, became disabled, suf-fered the loss of a family member, they were on their own. There was nowhere to turn. Life was difficult for many Americans but none more so than the poor, the elderly, or the disabled. Trag-ically, many aging and disabled Ameri-cans without family to care for them ended up destitute or on the street. 
America is now a different place, 
thanks in no small part to the protec-tion of Social Security. It is one of the strongest threads in America’s safety net, protecting the well-being of mil-lions and keeping millions more out of poverty. This year nearly 60 million American workers and eligible family members will receive nearly $900 bil-lion in retirement, survivors, and dis-ability benefits. 
Among older Social Security bene-
ficiaries, more than half of married couples and nearly three-quarters of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05AU6.051 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6405 August 5, 2015 
unmarried individuals get the majority 
of their income from Social Security. As of 2014, 151 million Americans had earned the protection of disability in-surance. That is a tremendous accom-plishment. Well over 100 million work-ers and their families can go about their days with the confidence that they are financially protected in the event of a medical catastrophe because of Social Security. 
The program also provides indispen-
sable benefits to nearly 7 million chil-dren. Without those benefits, many of the youngsters would face dire cir-cumstances after the death or dis-ability of a parent. None of this could have happened without the continuing support of the Congress. 
Time and time again, Members have 
come together on a bipartisan basis to ensure this vital program remains strong. The 1939 amendments to Social Security expanded retirement benefits. In 1954, the Congress passed amend-ments that provided protection for workers who became disabled. The So-cial Security amendments of 1980 and 1983 also made important changes that helped ensure the program’s long-term viability. 
Social Security is one of America’s 
great economic successes. The program is robust. In my view, there is big bi-partisan interest in keeping it that way. I look forward to working with my colleagues and the ranking Demo-crat on the Finance Committee so that on both sides of the aisle we work to-gether to ensure that Social Security continues to thrive for generations to come. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 247—COM-
MEMORATING AND HONORING THE ACTIONS OF PRESIDENT HARRY S. TRUMAN AND THE CREWS OF THE ENOLA GAY AND BOCKSCAR IN USING THE ATOM-IC BOMB TO BRING WORLD WAR II TO AN END 
Mr. ISAKSON submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions: 
S. R ES. 247 
Whereas, during World War II, in 1945, war 
in the Pacific Theater between the United States and Japan had entered its fourth year; 
Whereas Allied military commanders were 
preparing to invade Japan; 
Whereas President Harry S. Truman made 
the tactical decision to use the newly devel-oped atomic bomb against Japan instead of invading Japan; 
Whereas, on August 6, 1945, the crew of the 
Enola Gay, under the command of Colonel Paul W. Tibbets, Jr., dropped an atomic bomb on Hiroshima, Japan; and 
Whereas, on August 9, 1945, the crew of the 
Bockscar, under the command of Major Charles W. Sweeney, dropped an atomic bomb on Nagasaki, Japan: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) commemorates and honors the coura-
geous decision of President Harry S. Truman to use atomic bombs against Japan to bring an end to World War II; and (2) commemorates and honors the coura-
geous actions by the crews of the Enola Gay and the Bockscar in carrying out missions against Hiroshima and Nagasaki, respec-tively, that accomplished tactical terminal objectives and saved a countless number of lives of citizens of the United States. 
f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 248—DESIG-
NATING SEPTEMBER 2015 AS ‘‘NATIONAL PROSTATE CANCER AWARENESS MONTH’’ 
Mr. SESSIONS (for himself, Mr. 
S
HELBY , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. V ITTER , 
Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. M ORAN , Mrs. 
BOXER , Ms. A YOTTE , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. 
KING, Mr. B LUNT , Mr. B OOKER , and Mr. 
BOOZMAN ) submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 248 
Whereas over 2,900,000 families in the 
United States live with prostate cancer; 
Whereas 1 in 7 males in the United States 
will be diagnosed with prostate cancer in their lifetimes; 
Whereas prostate cancer is the most com-
monly diagnosed non-skin cancer and the second leading cause of cancer-related deaths among males in the United States; 
Whereas in 2015, the National Cancer Insti-
tute estimates that 220,800 men will be diag-nosed with, and more than 27,000 men will die of, prostate cancer; 
Whereas 40 percent of newly diagnosed 
prostate cancer cases occur in males under the age of 65; 
Whereas the odds of developing prostate 
cancer rise rapidly after age 50; 
Whereas African-American males suffer 
from a prostate cancer incidence rate that is significantly higher than White males and have double the prostate cancer mortality rate of White males; 
Whereas obesity is a significant predictor 
of the severity of prostate cancer; 
Whereas the probability that obesity will 
lead to death and high cholesterol levels is strongly associated with advanced prostate cancer; 
Whereas having a father or brother with 
prostate cancer more than doubles the risk of a man developing prostate cancer, with a particularly high risk for men who have a brother with the disease; 
Whereas screening by a digital rectal ex-
amination and a prostate-specific antigen blood test can detect the disease at the ear-lier, more treatable stages, which could in-crease the chances of survival for more than 5 years to nearly 100 percent; 
Whereas only 38 percent of males survive 
more than 5 years if diagnosed with prostate cancer after the cancer has metastasized; 
Whereas there are no noticeable symptoms 
of prostate cancer while prostate cancer is in the early stages, making appropriate screen-ing critical; 
Whereas ongoing research promises further 
improvements in prostate cancer prevention, early detection, and treatment; and 
Whereas educating people in the United 
States, including health care providers, about prostate cancer and early detection strategies is crucial to saving the lives of males and preserving and protecting fami-lies: Now, therefore, be it 
Resolved, That the Senate— 
(1) designates September 2015 as ‘‘National 
Prostate Cancer Awareness Month’’; 
(2) declares that steps should be taken— (A) to raise awareness about the impor-
tance of screening methods for, and treat-ment of, prostate cancer; (B) to encourage research so that screening 
and treatment for prostate cancer may be improved, the causes of prostate cancer may be discovered, and a cure for prostate cancer may be developed; and 
(C) to continue to consider ways for im-
proving access to, and the quality of, health care services for detecting and treating pros-tate cancer; and 
(3) calls on the people of the United States, 
interest groups, and affected persons— 
(A) to promote awareness of prostate can-
cer; 
(B) to take an active role in the fight to 
end the devastating effects of prostate can-cer on individuals, families, and the econ-omy; and 
(C) to observe National Prostate Cancer 
Awareness Month with appropriate cere-monies and activities. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND 
PROPOSED 
SA 2616. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, to improve cybersecurity in the United States through enhanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2617. Mr. GARDNER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2618. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2619. Mr. M
CCAIN (for himself and Mr. 
FLAKE ) submitted an amendment intended to 
be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2620. Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for himself 
and Mr. B
LUNT ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2621. Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mr. 
U
DALL , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. M AR-
KEY, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , and Ms. B ALDWIN ) 
submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill S. 754, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table . 
SA 2622. Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mr. 
U
DALL , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. M AR-
KEY, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , and Ms. B ALDWIN ) 
submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill S. 754, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table . 
SA 2623. Ms. COLLINS (for herself, Ms. 
H
IRONO , Mr. W ARNER , and Mr. C OATS ) sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by her to the bill S. 754, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2624. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2625. Mr. JOHNSON (for himself, Mr. 
C
ARPER , Ms. A YOTTE , Mrs. M CCASKILL , Ms. 
COLLINS , and Mr. W ARNER ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2626. Mr. WHITEHOUSE submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2627. Mr. CARPER (for himself, Mr. 
J
OHNSON , Ms. A YOTTE , Mrs. M CCASKILL , Ms. 
COLLINS , and Mr. W ARNER ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2628. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05AU6.097 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6406 August 5, 2015 
bill S. 754, supra; which was ordered to lie on 
the table. 
SA 2629. Mr. GARDNER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2630. Mr. GARDNER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2631. Mr. GARDNER (for himself and 
Mr. C
ARDIN ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2632. Mr. TESTER (for himself and Mr. 
F
RANKEN ) submitted an amendment intended 
to be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2633. Ms. AYOTTE (for Mr. G
RAHAM ) 
submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by Ms. Ayotte to the bill S. 754, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2634. Ms. AYOTTE (for Mr. G
RAHAM ) 
submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by Ms. Ayotte to the bill S. 754, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2635. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2636. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2637. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2638. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
SA 2639. Mr. WHITEHOUSE proposed an 
amendment to the bill S. 1523 , to amend the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to reau-thorize the National Estuary Program, and for other purposes. 
f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 2616. Mr. BROWN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, to improve cyber-security in the United States through enhanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
SEC. 11. EFFECTIVE PERIOD. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subsection (b), this Act and the amendments made by this Act shall cease to have effect 4 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(b) E
XCEPTION .—With respect to any action 
authorized by this Act or information ob-tained pursuant to an action authorized by this Act, which occurred before the date on which the provisions referred to in sub-section (a) cease to have effect, the provi-sions of this Act shall continue in effect. 
SA 2617. Mr. GARDNER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, to improve cyber-security in the United States through enhanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 16, line 9, insert ‘‘make reasonable 
efforts to’’ before ‘‘review’’. On page 16, line 11, strike ‘‘knows’’ and in-
sert ‘‘reasonably believes’’. 
On page 16, line 17, insert ‘‘identify and’’ 
before ‘‘remove’’. 
On page 16, line 19, strike ‘‘knows’’ and in-
sert ‘‘reasonably believes’’. 
SA 2618. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, to improve cy-bersecurity in the United States through enhanced sharing of informa-tion about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
TITLE II—COMMERCIAL PRIVACY 
SEC. 201. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Commer-
cial Privacy Bill of Rights Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 202. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) Personal privacy is worthy of protec-
tion through appropriate legislation. 
(2) Trust in the treatment of personally 
identifiable information collected on and off the Internet is essential for businesses to succeed. 
(3) Persons interacting with others en-
gaged in interstate commerce have a signifi-cant interest in their personal information, as well as a right to control how that infor-mation is collected, used, stored, or trans-ferred. 
(4) Persons engaged in interstate com-
merce and collecting personally identifiable information on individuals have a responsi-bility to treat that information with respect and in accordance with common standards. 
(5) On the day before the date of the enact-
ment of this Act, the laws of the Federal Government and State and local govern-ments provided inadequate privacy protec-tion for individuals engaging in and inter-acting with persons engaged in interstate commerce. 
(6) As of the day before the date of the en-
actment of this Act, with the exception of Federal Trade Commission enforcement of laws against unfair and deceptive practices, the Federal Government has eschewed gen-eral commercial privacy laws in favor of in-dustry self-regulation, which has led to sev-eral self-policing schemes, some of which are enforceable, and some of which provide in-sufficient privacy protection to individuals. 
(7) As of the day before the date of the en-
actment of this Act, many collectors of per-sonally identifiable information have yet to provide baseline fair information practice protections for individuals. 
(8) The ease of gathering and compiling 
personal information on the Internet and off, both overtly and surreptitiously, is becom-ing increasingly efficient and effortless due to advances in technology which have pro-vided information gatherers the ability to compile seamlessly highly detailed personal histories of individuals. 
(9) Personal information requires greater 
privacy protection than is available on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act. Vast amounts of personal information, including sensitive information, about indi-viduals are collected on and off the Internet, often combined and sold or otherwise trans-ferred to third parties, for purposes unknown to an individual to whom the personally identifiable information pertains. 
(10) Toward the close of the 20th Century, 
as individuals’ personal information was in-creasingly collected, profiled, and shared for commercial purposes, and as technology ad-vanced to facilitate these practices, Congress enacted numerous statutes to protect pri-vacy. (11) Those statutes apply to the govern-
ment, telephones, cable television, e-mail, video tape rentals, and the Internet (but only with respect to children and law en-forcement requests). 
(12) As in those instances, the Federal Gov-
ernment has a substantial interest in cre-ating a level playing field of protection across all collectors of personally identifi-able information, both in the United States and abroad. 
(13) Enhancing individual privacy protec-
tion in a balanced way that establishes clear, consistent rules, both domestically and internationally, will stimulate commerce by instilling greater consumer confidence at home and greater confidence abroad as more and more entities digitize personally identi-fiable information, whether collected, stored, or used online or offline. 
SEC. 203. DEFINITIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b), 
in this title: 
(1) C OMMISSION .—The term ‘‘Commission’’ 
means the Federal Trade Commission. 
(2) C OVERED ENTITY .—The term ‘‘covered 
entity’’ means any person to whom this title applies under section 241. 
(3) C
OVERED INFORMATION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (B), the term ‘‘covered infor-mation’’ means only the following: 
(i) Personally identifiable information. (ii) Unique identifier information. (iii) Any information that is collected, 
used, or stored in connection with personally identifiable information or unique identifier information in a manner that may reason-ably be used by the party collecting the in-formation to identify a specific individual. 
(B) E
XCEPTION .—The term ‘‘covered infor-
mation’’ does not include the following: 
(i) Personally identifiable information ob-
tained from public records that is not merged with covered information gathered elsewhere. 
(ii) Personally identifiable information 
that is obtained from a forum— 
(I) where the individual voluntarily shared 
the information or authorized the informa-tion to be shared; and 
(II) that— (aa) is widely and publicly available and 
was not made publicly available in bad faith; and 
(bb) contains no restrictions on who can 
access and view such information. 
(iii) Personally identifiable information re-
ported in public media. 
(iv) Personally identifiable information 
dedicated to contacting an individual at the individual’s place of work. 
(4) E
STABLISHED BUSINESS RELATIONSHIP .— 
The term ‘‘established business relationship’’ means, with respect to a covered entity and a person, a relationship formed with or with-
out the exchange of consideration, involving the establishment of an account by the per-son with the covered entity for the receipt of products or services offered by the covered entity. 
(5) P
ERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMA -
TION.—The term ‘‘personally identifiable in-
formation’’ means only the following: 
(A) Any of the following information about 
an individual: 
(i) The first name (or initial) and last name 
of an individual, whether given at birth or time of adoption, or resulting from a lawful change of name. 
(ii) The postal address of a physical place 
of residence of such individual. 
(iii) An e-mail address. (iv) A telephone number or mobile device 
number. 
(v) A social security number or other gov-
ernment issued identification number issued to such individual. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05AU6.048 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6407 August 5, 2015 
(vi) The account number of a credit card 
issued to such individual. 
(vii) Unique identifier information that 
alone can be used to identify a specific indi-vidual. 
(viii) Biometric data about such indi-
vidual, including fingerprints and retina scans. 
(B) If used, transferred, or stored in con-
nection with 1 or more of the items of infor-mation described in subparagraph (A), any of the following: 
(i) A date of birth. (ii) The number of a certificate of birth or 
adoption. 
(iii) A place of birth. (iv) Unique identifier information that 
alone cannot be used to identify a specific individual. 
(v) Precise geographic location, at the 
same degree of specificity as a global posi-
tioning system or equivalent system, and not including any general geographic infor-mation that may be derived from an Internet Protocol address. 
(vi) Information about an individual’s 
quantity, technical configuration, type, des-tination, location, and amount of uses of voice services, regardless of technology used. 
(vii) Any other information concerning an 
individual that may reasonably be used by the party using, collecting, or storing that information to identify that individual. 
(6) S
ENSITIVE PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE IN -
FORMATION .—The term ‘‘sensitive personally 
identifiable information’’ means— 
(A) personally identifiable information 
which, if lost, compromised, or disclosed without authorization either alone or with other information, carries a significant risk of economic or physical harm; or 
(B) information related to— (i) a particular medical condition or a 
health record; or 
(ii) the religious affiliation of an indi-
vidual. 
(7) T
HIRD PARTY .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘third party’’ 
means, with respect to a covered entity, a person that— 
(i) is— (I) not related to the covered entity by 
common ownership or corporate control; or 
(II) related to the covered entity by com-
mon ownership or corporate control and an ordinary consumer would not understand that the covered entity and the person were related by common ownership or corporate control; 
(ii) is not a service provider used by the 
covered entity to receive personally identifi-able information or sensitive personally identifiable information in performing serv-ices or functions on behalf of and under the instruction of the covered entity; and 
(iii) with respect to the collection of cov-
ered information of an individual, does not have an established business relationship with the individual and does not identify itself to the individual at the time of such collection in a clear and conspicuous manner that is visible to the individual. 
(B) C
OMMON BRANDS .—The term ‘‘third 
party’’ may include, with respect to a cov-ered entity, a person who operates under a common brand with the covered entity. 
(8) U
NAUTHORIZED USE .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘unauthorized 
use’’ means the use of covered information by a covered entity or its service provider for any purpose not authorized by the individual to whom such information relates. 
(B) E
XCEPTIONS .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (C), the term ‘‘unauthorized use’’ does not include use of covered informa-tion relating to an individual by a covered entity or its service provider as follows: (i) To process and enforce a transaction or 
deliver a service requested by that indi-vidual. 
(ii) To operate the covered entity that is 
providing a transaction or delivering a serv-ice requested by that individual, such as in-ventory management, financial reporting and accounting, planning, and product or service improvement or forecasting. 
(iii) To prevent or detect fraud or to pro-
vide for a physically or virtually secure envi-ronment. 
(iv) To investigate a possible crime. (v) That is required by a provision of law 
or legal process. 
(vi) To market or advertise to an indi-
vidual from a covered entity within the con-text of a covered entity’s own Internet website, services, or products if the covered information used for such marketing or ad-vertising was— 
(I) collected directly by the covered entity; 
or 
(II) shared with the covered entity— (aa) at the affirmative request of the indi-
vidual; or 
(bb) by an entity with which the individual 
has an established business relationship. 
(vii) Use that is necessary for the improve-
ment of transaction or service delivery through research, testing, analysis, and de-velopment. 
(viii) Use that is necessary for internal op-
erations, including the following: 
(I) Collecting customer satisfaction sur-
veys and conducting customer research to improve customer service information. 
(II) Information collected by an Internet 
website about the visits to such website and the click-through rates at such website— 
(aa) to improve website navigation and 
performance; or 
(bb) to understand and improve the inter-
action of an individual with the advertising of a covered entity. 
(ix) Use— (I) by a covered entity with which an indi-
vidual has an established business relation-ship; 
(II) which the individual could have rea-
sonably expected, at the time such relation-ship was established, was related to a service provided pursuant to such relationship; and 
(III) which does not constitute a material 
change in use or practice from what could have reasonably been expected. 
(C) S
AVINGS .—A use of covered information 
regarding an individual by a covered entity or its service provider may only be excluded under subparagraph (B) from the definition of ‘‘unauthorized use’’ under subparagraph (A) if the use is reasonable and consistent with the practices and purposes described in the notice given the individual in accordance with section 121(a)(1). 
(9) U
NIQUE IDENTIFIER INFORMATION .—The 
term ‘‘unique identifier information’’ means a unique persistent identifier associated with an individual or a networked device, includ-ing a customer number held in a cookie, a 
user ID, a processor serial number, or a de-vice serial number. 
(b) M
ODIFIED DEFINITION BY RULEMAKING .— 
If the Commission determines that a term defined in any of paragraphs (3) through (8) is not reasonably sufficient to protect an in-dividual from unfair or deceptive acts or practices, the Commission may by rule mod-ify such definition as the Commission con-siders appropriate to protect such individual from an unfair or deceptive act or practice to the extent that the Commission determines will not unreasonably impede interstate commerce. Subtitle A—Right to Security and 
Accountability 
SEC. 211. SECURITY. 
(a) R ULEMAKING REQUIRED .—Not later than 
180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commission shall initiate a rulemaking proceeding to require each cov-ered entity to carry out security measures to protect the covered information it collects and maintains. 
(b) P
ROPORTION .—The requirements pre-
scribed under subsection (a) shall provide for security measures that are proportional to the size, type, nature, and sensitivity of the covered information a covered entity col-lects. 
(c) C
ONSISTENCY .—The requirements pre-
scribed under subsection (a) shall be con-sistent with guidance provided by the Com-mission and recognized industry practices for safety and security on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(d) T
ECHNOLOGICAL MEANS .—In a rule pre-
scribed under subsection (a), the Commission may not require a specific technological means of meeting a requirement. 
SEC. 212. ACCOUNTABILITY. 
Each covered entity shall, in a manner pro-
portional to the size, type, and nature of the covered information it collects— 
(1) have managerial accountability, pro-
portional to the size and structure of the covered entity, for the adoption and imple-mentation of policies consistent with this title; 
(2) have a process to respond to non-frivo-
lous inquiries from individuals regarding the collection, use, transfer, or storage of cov-ered information relating to such individ-uals; and 
(3) describe the means of compliance of the 
covered entity with the requirements of this Act upon request from— 
(A) the Commission; or (B) an appropriate safe harbor program es-
tablished under section 241. 
SEC. 213. PRIVACY BY DESIGN. 
Each covered entity shall, in a manner pro-
portional to the size, type, and nature of the covered information that it collects, imple-ment a comprehensive information privacy program by— 
(1) incorporating necessary development 
processes and practices throughout the prod-uct life cycle that are designed to safeguard the personally identifiable information that is covered information of individuals based on— 
(A) the reasonable expectations of such in-
dividuals regarding privacy; and 
(B) the relevant threats that need to be 
guarded against in meeting those expecta-tions; and 
(2) maintaining appropriate management 
processes and practices throughout the data life cycle that are designed to ensure that in-formation systems comply with— 
(A) the provisions of this title; (B) the privacy policies of a covered entity; 
and 
(C) the privacy preferences of individuals 
that are consistent with the consent choices and related mechanisms of individual par-ticipation as described in section 222. 
Subtitle B—Right to Notice and Individual 
Participation 
SEC. 221. TRANSPARENT NOTICE OF PRACTICES 
AND PURPOSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 60 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commission shall initiate a rulemaking proceeding to require each covered entity— 
(1) to provide accurate, clear, concise, and 
timely notice to individuals of— 
(A) the practices of the covered entity re-
garding the collection, use, transfer, and storage of covered information; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05AU6.053 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6408 August 5, 2015 
(B) the specific purposes of those practices; 
(2) to provide accurate, clear, concise, and 
timely notice to individuals before imple-menting a material change in such practices; and 
(3) to maintain the notice required by 
paragraph (1) in a form that individuals can readily access. 
(b) C
OMPLIANCE AND OTHER CONSIDER -
ATIONS .—In the rulemaking required by sub-
section (a), the Commission— 
(1) shall consider the types of devices and 
methods individuals will use to access the re-quired notice; 
(2) may provide that a covered entity un-
able to provide the required notice when in-formation is collected may comply with the requirement of subsection (a)(1) by providing an alternative time and means for an indi-vidual to receive the required notice prompt-ly; 
(3) may draft guidance for covered entities 
to use in designing their own notice and may include a draft model template for covered entities to use in designing their own notice; and 
(4) may provide guidance on how to con-
struct computer-readable notices or how to use other technology to deliver the required notice. 
SEC. 222. INDIVIDUAL PARTICIPATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commission shall initiate a rulemaking proceeding to require each covered entity— 
(1) to offer individuals a clear and con-
spicuous mechanism for opt-in consent for any use of their covered information that would otherwise be unauthorized use; 
(2) to offer individuals a robust, clear, and 
conspicuous mechanism for opt-in consent for the use by third parties of the individ-uals’ covered information for behavioral ad-vertising or marketing; 
(3) to provide any individual to whom the 
personally identifiable information that is covered information pertains, and which the covered entity or its service provider stores, appropriate and reasonable— 
(A) access to such information; and (B) mechanisms to correct such informa-
tion to improve the accuracy of such infor-mation; and 
(4) in the case that a covered entity enters 
bankruptcy or an individual requests the ter-mination of a service provided by the cov-ered entity to the individual or termination of some other relationship with the covered entity, to permit the individual to easily re-quest that— 
(A) all of the personally identifiable infor-
mation that is covered information that the covered entity maintains relating to the in-dividual, except for information the indi-vidual authorized the sharing of or which the individual shared with the covered entity in a forum that is widely and publicly avail-able, be rendered not personally identifiable; or 
(B) if rendering such information not per-
sonally identifiable is not possible, to cease the unauthorized use or transfer to a third party for an unauthorized use of such infor-mation or to cease use of such information for marketing, unless such unauthorized use or transfer is otherwise required by a provi-sion of law. 
(b) U
NAUTHORIZED USETRANSFERS .—In the 
rulemaking required by subsection (a), the Commission shall provide that with respect to transfers of covered information to a third party for which an individual provides opt-in consent, the third party to which the infor-mation is transferred may not use such in-formation for any unauthorized use other than a use— (1) specified pursuant to the purposes stat-
ed in the required notice under section 221(a); and 
(2) authorized by the individual when the 
individual granted consent for the transfer of the information to the third party. 
(c) A
LTERNATIVE MEANS TO TERMINATE USE 
OFCOVERED INFORMATION .—In the rule-
making required by subsection (a), the Com-mission shall allow a covered entity to pro-vide individuals an alternative means, in lieu of the access, consent, and correction re-quirements, of prohibiting a covered entity from use or transfer of that individual’s cov-ered information. 
(d) S
ERVICE PROVIDERS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The use of a service pro-
vider by a covered entity to receive covered information in performing services or func-tions on behalf of and under the instruction of the covered entity does not constitute an unauthorized use of such information by the covered entity if the covered entity and the service provider execute a contract that re-quires the service provider to collect, use, and store the information on behalf of the covered entity in a manner consistent with— 
(A) the requirements of this title; and (B) the policies and practices related to 
such information of the covered entity. 
(2) T
RANSFERS BETWEEN SERVICE PROVIDERS  
FOR A COVERED ENTITY .—The disclosure by a 
service provider of covered information pur-suant to a contract with a covered entity to another service provider in order to perform the same service or functions for that cov-ered entity does not constitute an unauthor-ized use. 
(3) L
IABILITY REMAINS WITH COVERED ENTI -
TY.—A covered entity remains responsible 
and liable for the protection of covered infor-mation that has been transferred to a service provider for processing, notwithstanding any agreement to the contrary between a covered entity and the service provider. 
Subtitle C—Rights Relating to Data Mini-
mization, Constraints on Distribution, and Data Integrity 
SEC. 231. DATA MINIMIZATION. 
Each covered entity shall— (1) collect only as much covered informa-
tion relating to an individual as is reason-ably necessary— 
(A) to process or enforce a transaction or 
deliver a service requested by such indi-vidual; 
(B) for the covered entity to provide a 
transaction or delivering a service requested by such individual, such as inventory man-agement, financial reporting and accounting, planning, product or service improvement or forecasting, and customer support and serv-ice; 
(C) to prevent or detect fraud or to provide 
for a secure environment; 
(D) to investigate a possible crime; (E) to comply with a provision of law; (F) for the covered entity to market or ad-
vertise to such individual if the covered in-formation used for such marketing or adver-tising was collected directly by the covered entity; or 
(G) for internal operations, including— (i) collecting customer satisfaction surveys 
and conducting customer research to im-prove customer service; and 
(ii) collection from an Internet website of 
information about visits and click-through rates relating to such website to improve— 
(I) website navigation and performance; 
and 
(II) the customer’s experience; (2) retain covered information for only 
such duration as— 
(A) with respect to the provision of a 
transaction or delivery of a service to an in-dividual— (i) is necessary to provide such transaction 
or deliver such service to such individual; or 
(ii) if such service is ongoing, is reasonable 
for the ongoing nature of the service; or 
(B) is required by a provision of law; (3) retain covered information only for the 
purpose it was collected, or reasonably-re-lated purposes; and 
(4) exercise reasonable data retention pro-
cedures with respect to both the initial col-lection and subsequent retention. 
SEC. 232. CONSTRAINTS ON DISTRIBUTION OF IN-
FORMATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Each covered entity 
shall— 
(1) require by contract that any third party 
to which it transfers covered information use the information only for purposes that are consistent with— 
(A) the provisions of this title; and (B) as specified in the contract; (2) require by contract that such third 
party may not combine information that the covered entity has transferred to it, that re-lates to an individual, and that is not per-sonally identifiable information with other information in order to identify such indi-vidual, unless the covered entity has ob-tained the opt-in consent of such individual for such combination and identification; and 
(3) before executing a contract with a third 
party— 
(A) assure through due diligence that the 
third party is a legitimate organization; and 
(B) in the case of a material violation of 
the contract, at a minimum notify the Com-mission of such violation. 
(b) T
RANSFERS TO UNRELIABLE THIRD PAR-
TIES PROHIBITED .—A covered entity may not 
transfer covered information to a third party that the covered entity knows— 
(1) has intentionally or willfully violated a 
contract required by subsection (a); and 
(2) is reasonably likely to violate such con-
tract. 
(c) A
PPLICATION OF RULES TO THIRD PAR-
TIES.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2), a third party that receives covered information from a covered entity shall be subject to the provisions of this Act as if it were a covered entity. 
(2) E
XEMPTION .—The Commission may, as 
it determines appropriate, exempt classes of third parties from liability under any provi-sion of subtitle B if the Commission finds that— 
(A) such class of third parties cannot rea-
sonably comply with such provision; or 
(B) with respect to covered information re-
lating to individuals that is transferred to such class, compliance by such class with such provision would not sufficiently benefit such individuals. 
SEC. 233. DATA INTEGRITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Each covered entity shall 
attempt to establish and maintain reason-able procedures to ensure that personally identifiable information that is covered in-formation and maintained by the covered en-tity is accurate in those instances where the covered information could be used to deny consumers benefits or cause significant harm. 
(b) E
XCEPTION .—Subsection (a) shall not 
apply to covered information of an indi-vidual maintained by a covered entity that is provided— 
(1) directly to the covered entity by the in-
dividual; 
(2) to the covered entity by another entity 
at the request of the individual; 
(3) to prevent or detect fraud; or (4) to provide for a secure environment. 
Subtitle D—Enforcement 
SEC. 241. GENERAL APPLICATION. 
The requirements of this title shall apply 
to any person who— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05AU6.053 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6409 August 5, 2015 
(1) collects, uses, transfers, or stores cov-
ered information concerning more than 5,000 individuals during any consecutive 12-month period; and 
(2) is— (A) a person over which the Commission 
has authority pursuant to section 5(a)(2) of the Federal Trade Commission Act (15 U.S.C. 45(a)(2)); 
(B) a common carrier subject to the Com-
munications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 151 et seq.), notwithstanding the definition of the term ‘‘Acts to regulate commerce’’ in sec-tion 4 of the Federal Trade Commission Act (15 U.S.C. 44) and the exception provided by section 5(a)(2) of the Federal Trade Commis-sion Act (15 U.S.C. 45(a)(2)) for such carriers; or 
(C) a nonprofit organization, including any 
organization described in section 501(c) of the Internal Revenue code of 1986 that is ex-empt from taxation under section 501(a) of such Code, notwithstanding the definition of the term ‘‘Acts to regulate commerce’’ in section 4 of the Federal Trade Commission Act (15 U.S.C. 44) and the exception provided by section 5(a)(2) of the Federal Trade Com-mission Act (15 U.S.C. 45(a)(2)) for such orga-nizations. 
SEC. 242. ENFORCEMENT BY THE FEDERAL 
TRADE COMMISSION. 
(a) U NFAIR OR DECEPTIVE ACTS OR PRAC-
TICES .—A reckless or repetitive violation of a 
provision of this title shall be treated as an unfair or deceptive act or practice in viola-tion of a regulation under section 18(a)(1)(B) of the Federal Trade Commission Act (15 U.S.C. 57a(a)(1)(B)) regarding unfair or decep-tive acts or practices. 
(b) P
OWERS OF COMMISSION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (3), the Commission shall enforce this title in the same manner, by the same means, and with the same jurisdiction, pow-ers, and duties as though all applicable terms and provisions of the Federal Trade Commission Act (15 U.S.C. 41 et seq.) were incorporated into and made a part of this title. 
(2) P
RIVILEGES AND IMMUNITIES .—Except as 
provided in paragraph (3), any person who violates a provision of this title shall be sub-ject to the penalties and entitled to the privileges and immunities provided in the Federal Trade Commission Act (15 U.S.C. 41 et seq.). 
(3) C
OMMON CARRIERS AND NONPROFIT ORGA -
NIZATIONS .—The Commission shall enforce 
this title with respect to common carriers and nonprofit organizations described in sec-tion 241 to the extent necessary to effectuate the purposes of this title as if such carriers and nonprofit organizations were persons over which the Commission has authority pursuant to section 5(a)(2) of the Federal Trade Commission Act (15 U.S.C. 45(a)(2)). 
(c) R
ULEMAKING AUTHORITY .— 
(1) L IMITATION .—In promulgating rules 
under this title, the Commission may not re-quire the deployment or use of any specific products or technologies, including any spe-cific computer software or hardware. 
(2) A
DMINISTRATIVE PROCEDURE .—The Com-
mission shall promulgate regulations under this title in accordance with section 553 of title 5, United States Code. 
(d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this title shall be construed to limit the au-thority of the Commission under any other provision of law. 
SEC. 243. ENFORCEMENT BY STATES. 
(a) C IVILACTION .—In any case in which the 
attorney general of a State has reason to be-lieve that an interest of the residents of that State has been or is adversely affected by a covered entity who violates any part of this title in a manner that results in economic or physical harm to an individual or engages in 
a pattern or practice that violates any part of this title, the attorney general may, as parens patriae, bring a civil action on behalf of the residents of the State in an appro-priate district court of the United States— 
(1) to enjoin further violation of this title 
or a regulation promulgated under this title by the defendant; 
(2) to compel compliance with this title or 
a regulation promulgated under this title; or 
(3) for violations of this title or a regula-
tion promulgated under this title to obtain civil penalties in the amount determined under section title. 
(b) R
IGHTS OF FEDERAL TRADE COMMIS -
SION.— 
(1) N OTICE TO FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSION .— 
(A) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subparagraph (C), the attorney general of a State shall notify the Commission in writing of any civil action under subsection (b), prior to initiating such civil action. 
(B) C
ONTENTS .—The notice required by sub-
paragraph (A) shall include a copy of the complaint to be filed to initiate such civil action. 
(C) E
XCEPTION .—If it is not feasible for the 
attorney general of a State to provide the notice required by subparagraph (A), the State shall provide notice immediately upon instituting a civil action under subsection (b). 
(2) I
NTERVENTION BY FEDERAL TRADE COM -
MISSION .—Upon receiving notice required by 
paragraph (1) with respect to a civil action, the Commission may— 
(A) intervene in such action; and (B) upon intervening— (i) be heard on all matters arising in such 
civil action; and 
(ii) file petitions for appeal of a decision in 
such action. 
(c) P
REEMPTIVE ACTION BY FEDERAL TRADE  
COMMISSION .—If the Commission institutes a 
civil action for violation of this title or a regulation promulgated under this title, no attorney general of a State may bring a civil action under subsection (a) against any de-fendant named in the complaint of the Com-mission for violation of this title or a regula-tion promulgated under this title that is al-leged in such complaint. 
(d) I
NVESTIGATORY POWERS .—Nothing in 
this section may be construed to prevent the attorney general of a State from exercising the powers conferred on such attorney gen-eral by the laws of such State to conduct in-vestigations or to administer oaths or affir-
mations or to compel the attendance of wit-nesses or the production of documentary and other evidence. 
(e) V
ENUE ; SERVICE OF PROCESS .— 
(1) V ENUE .—Any action brought under sub-
section (a) may be brought in— 
(A) the district court of the United States 
that meets applicable requirements relating to venue under section 1391 of title 28, United States Code; or 
(B) another court of competent jurisdic-
tion. 
(2) S
ERVICE OF PROCESS .—In an action 
brought under subsection (a), process may be served in any district in which the defend-ant— 
(A) is an inhabitant; or (B) may be found. 
(f) A
CTIONS BY OTHER STATE OFFICIALS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—In addition to civil ac-
tions brought by attorneys general under subsection (a), any other officer of a State who is authorized by the State to do so may bring a civil action under subsection (a), sub-ject to the same requirements and limita-tions that apply under this section to civil actions brought by attorneys general. 
(2) S
AVINGS PROVISION .—Nothing in this 
section may be construed to prohibit an au-thorized official of a State from initiating or 
continuing any proceeding in a court of the State for a violation of any civil or criminal law of the State. 
SEC. 244. CIVIL PENALTIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In an action brought 
under section 243, in addition to any other penalty otherwise applicable to a violation 
of this title or any regulation promulgated under this title, the following civil penalties shall apply: 
(1) S
UBTITLE A VIOLATIONS .—A covered enti-
ty that recklessly or repeatedly violates sub-title A is liable for a civil penalty equal to the amount calculated by multiplying the number of days that the entity is not in com-pliance with such subtitle by an amount not to exceed $33,000. 
(2) S
UBTITLE B VIOLATIONS .—A covered enti-
ty that recklessly or repeatedly violates sub-title B is liable for a civil penalty equal to the amount calculated by multiplying the number of days that such an entity is not in compliance with such subtitle, or the num-ber of individuals for whom the entity failed to obtain consent as required by such sub-title, whichever is greater, by an amount not to exceed $33,000. 
(b) A
DJUSTMENT FOR INFLATION .—Beginning 
on the date that the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers is first published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics that is after 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and each year thereafter, each of the amounts specified in subsection (a) shall be increased by the percentage increase in the Consumer Price Index published on that date from the Consumer Price Index published the previous year. 
(c) M
AXIMUM TOTAL LIABILITY .—Notwith-
standing the number of actions which may be brought against a covered entity under section 243, the maximum civil penalty for which any covered entity may be liable under this section in such actions shall not exceed— 
(1) $6,000,000 for any related series of viola-
tions of any rule promulgated under subtitle A; and 
(2) $6,000,000 for any related series of viola-
tions of subtitle B. 
SEC. 245. EFFECT ON OTHER LAWS. 
(a) P REEMPTION OF STATE LAWS.—The pro-
visions of this title shall supersede any pro-visions of the law of any State relating to those entities covered by the regulations issued pursuant to this title, to the extent that such provisions relate to the collection, use, or disclosure of— 
(1) covered information addressed in this 
title; or 
(2) personally identifiable information or 
personal identification information ad-dressed in provisions of the law of a State. 
(b) U
NAUTHORIZED CIVIL ACTIONS ; CERTAIN  
STATE LAWS.— 
(1) U NAUTHORIZED ACTIONS .—No person 
other than a person specified in section 243 may bring a civil action under the laws of any State if such action is premised in whole or in part upon the defendant violating this title or a regulation promulgated under this title. 
(2) P
ROTECTION OF CERTAIN STATE LAWS .— 
This title shall not be construed to preempt the applicability of— 
(A) State laws that address the collection, 
use, or disclosure of health information or fi-nancial information; or 
(B) other State laws to the extent that 
those laws relate to acts of fraud. 
(c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION RELATING TO RE-
QUIRED DISCLOSURES TO GOVERNMENT ENTI-
TIES.—This title shall not be construed to ex-
pand or limit the duty or authority of a cov-ered entity or third party to disclose person-ally identifiable information to a govern-ment entity under any provision of law. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05AU6.053 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6410 August 5, 2015 
SEC. 246. NO PRIVATE RIGHT OF ACTION. 
This title may not be construed to provide 
any private right of action. 
Subtitle E—Co-regulatory Safe Harbor 
Programs 
SEC. 251. ESTABLISHMENT OF SAFE HARBOR 
PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commission shall initiate a rulemaking proceeding to establish requirements for the establishment and administration of safe harbor programs under which a nongovern-mental organization will administer a pro-gram that— 
(1) establishes a mechanism for partici-
pants to implement the requirements of this title with regards to— 
(A) certain types of unauthorized uses of 
covered information as described in para-graph (2); or 
(B) any unauthorized use of covered infor-
mation; and 
(2) offers consumers a clear, conspicuous, 
persistent, and effective means of opting out of the transfer of covered information by a covered entity participating in the safe har-bor program to a third party for— 
(A) behavioral advertising purposes; (B) location-based advertising purposes; (C) other specific types of unauthorized 
use; or 
(D) any unauthorized use. 
(b) S
ELECTION OF NONGOVERNMENTAL ORGA-
NIZATIONS TO ADMINISTER PROGRAM .— 
(1) S UBMITTAL OF APPLICATIONS .—An appli-
cant seeking to administer a program under the requirements established pursuant to subsection (a) shall submit to the Commis-sion an application therefor at such time, in such manner, and containing such informa-tion as the Commission may require. 
(2) N
OTICE AND RECEIPT OF APPLICATIONS .— 
Upon completion of the rulemaking pro-ceedings required by subsection (a), the Com-mission shall— 
(A) publish a notice in the Federal Register 
that it will receive applications for approval of safe harbor programs under this subtitle; and 
(B) begin receiving applications under 
paragraph (1). 
(3) S
ELECTION .—Not later than 270 days 
after the date on which the Commission re-ceives a completed application under this subsection, the Commission shall grant or deny the application on the basis of the Com-mission’s evaluation of the applicant’s ca-pacity to provide protection of individuals’ covered information with regard to specific types of unauthorized uses of covered infor-mation as described in subsection (a)(2) that is substantially equivalent to or superior to the protection otherwise provided under this title. 
(4) W
RITTEN FINDINGS .—Any decision 
reached by the Commission under this sub-section shall be accompanied by written findings setting forth the basis for and rea-sons supporting such decision. 
(c) S
COPE OF SAFE HARBOR PROTECTION .— 
The scope of protection offered by safe har-bor programs approved by the Commission that establish mechanisms for participants to implement the requirements of the title only for certain uses of covered information as described in subsection (a)(2) shall be lim-ited to participating entities’ use of those particular types of covered information. 
(d) S
UPERVISION BY FEDERAL TRADE COM-
MISSION .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Commission shall ex-
ercise oversight and supervisory authority of a safe harbor program approved under this section through— 
(A) ongoing review of the practices of the 
nongovernmental organization admin-istering the program; (B) the imposition of civil penalties on the 
nongovernmental organization if it is not compliant with the requirements established under subsection (a); and 
(C) withdrawal of authorization to admin-
ister the safe harbor program under this sub-title. 
(2) A
NNUAL REPORTS BY NONGOVERNMENTAL  
ORGANIZATIONS .—Each year, each nongovern-
mental organization administering a safe harbor program under this section shall sub-mit to the Commission a report on its activi-ties under this subtitle during the preceding year. 
SEC. 252. PARTICIPATION IN SAFE HARBOR PRO-
GRAM. 
(a) E XEMPTION .—Any covered entity that 
participates in, and demonstrates compli-ance with, a safe harbor program adminis-tered under section 251 shall be exempt from any provision of subtitle B or subtitle C if the Commission finds that the requirements of the safe harbor program are substantially the same as or more protective of privacy of individuals than the requirements of the pro-vision from which the exemption is granted. 
(b) L
IMITATION .—Nothing in this subtitle 
shall be construed to exempt any covered en-tity participating in a safe harbor program from compliance with any other requirement of the regulations promulgated under this title for which the safe harbor does not pro-vide an exception. 
Subtitle F—Application With Other Federal 
Laws 
SEC. 261. APPLICATION WITH OTHER FEDERAL 
LAWS. 
(a) Q UALIFIED EXEMPTION FOR PERSONS  
SUBJECT TO OTHER FEDERAL PRIVACY LAWS.— 
If a person is subject to a provision of this title and a provision of a Federal privacy law described in subsection (d), such provision of this title shall not apply to such person to the extent that such provision of Federal pri-vacy law applies to such person. 
(b) P
ROTECTION OF OTHER FEDERAL PRIVACY  
LAWS.—Nothing in this title may be con-
strued to modify, limit, or supersede the op-eration of the Federal privacy laws described in subsection (d) or the provision of informa-tion permitted or required, expressly or by implication, by such laws, with respect to Federal rights and practices. 
(c) C
OMMUNICATIONS INFRASTRUCTURE AND  
PRIVACY .—If a person is subject to a provi-
sion of section 222 or 631 of the Communica-tions Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 222 and 551) and a provision of this title, such provision of such section 222 or 631 shall not apply to such per-son to the extent that such provision of this title applies to such person. 
(d) O
THER FEDERAL PRIVACY LAWS DE-
SCRIBED .—The Federal privacy laws de-
scribed in this subsection are as follows: 
(1) Section 552a of title 5, United States 
Code (commonly known as the Privacy Act of 1974). 
(2) The Right to Financial Privacy Act of 
1978 (12 U.S.C. 3401 et seq.). 
(3) The Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 
U.S.C. 1681 et seq.). 
(4) The Fair Debt Collection Practices Act 
(15 U.S.C. 1692 et seq.). 
(5) The Children’s Online Privacy Protec-
tion Act of 1998 (15 U.S.C. 6501 et seq.). 
(6) Title V of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act 
of 1999 (15 U.S.C. 6801 et seq.). 
(7) Chapters 119, 123, and 206 of title 18, 
United States Code. 
(8) Section 2710 of title 18, United States 
Code. 
(9) Section 444 of the General Education 
Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g) (commonly referred to as the ‘‘Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974’’). 
(10) Section 445 of the General Education 
Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232h). (11) The Privacy Protection Act of 1980 (42 
U.S.C. 2000aa et seq.). 
(12) The regulations promulgated under 
section 264(c) of the Health Insurance Port-ability and Accountability Act of 1996 (42 U.S.C. 1320d–2 note), as such regulations re-late to a person described in section 1172(a) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1320d– 1(a)) or to transactions referred to in section 1173(a)(1) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1320d–2(a)(1)). 
(13) The Communications Assistance for 
Law Enforcement Act (47 U.S.C. 1001 et seq.). 
(14) Section 227 of the Communications Act 
of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 227). 
Subtitle G—Development of Commercial Data 
Privacy Policy in the Department of Com-merce 
SEC. 271. DIRECTION TO DEVELOP COMMERCIAL 
DATA PRIVACY POLICY. 
The Secretary of Commerce shall con-
tribute to the development of commercial data privacy policy by— 
(1) convening private sector stakeholders, 
including members of industry, civil society groups, academia, in open forums, to develop codes of conduct in support of applications for safe harbor programs under subtitle E; 
(2) expanding interoperability between the 
United States commercial data privacy framework and other national and regional privacy frameworks; 
(3) conducting research related to improv-
ing privacy protection under this title; and 
(4) conducting research related to improv-
ing data sharing practices, including the use of anonymised data, and growing the infor-mation economy. 
SA 2619. Mr. M CCAIN (for himself and 
Mr. F LAKE ) submitted an amendment 
intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, to improve cybersecurity in the United States through enhanced sharing of information about cyberse-curity threats, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . REVIEW AND NOTIFICATIONS OF CAT-
EGORICAL EXCLUSIONS GRANTED FOR NEXT GENERATION FLIGHT PROCEDURES. 
Section 213(c) of the FAA Modernization 
and Reform Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–95; 49 U.S.C. 40101 note) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(3) N
OTIFICATIONS AND CONSULTATIONS .— 
Not less than 30 days before granting a cat-egorical exclusion under this subsection for a new procedure, the Administrator shall no-tify and consult with the affected public and the operator of the airport at which the pro-cedure would be implemented. 
‘‘(4) R
EVIEW OF CERTAIN CATEGORICAL EX -
CLUSIONS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The Administrator shall 
review a decision of the Administrator made on or after February 14, 2012, and before the date of the enactment of this paragraph to grant a categorical exclusion under this sub-section with respect to a procedure to be im-plemented at an airport to determine if the implementation of the procedure had a sig-nificant effect on the human environment in the community in which the airport is lo-cated if the operator of that airport requests such a review and demonstrates that there is good cause to believe that the implementa-tion of the procedure had such an effect. 
‘‘(B) C
ONTENT OF REVIEW .—If, in conducting 
a review under subparagraph (A) with re-spect to a procedure implemented at an air-port, the Administrator, in consultation with the operator of the airport, determines that implementing the procedure had a sig-nificant effect on the human environment in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05AU6.053 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6411 August 5, 2015 
the community in which the airport is lo-
cated, the Administrator shall— 
‘‘(i) consult with the operator of the air-
port to identify measures to mitigate the ef-fect of the procedure on the human environ-ment; and 
‘‘(ii) in conducting such consultations, con-
sider the use of alternative flight paths.’’. 
SA 2620. Mr. WHITEHOUSE (for him-
self and Mr. B LUNT ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, to improve cyber-security in the United States through enhanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
TITLE II—CYBERSECURITY PUBLIC 
AWARENESS ACT 
SEC. 201. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Cybersecu-
rity Public Awareness Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 202. ENFORCEMENT OF CYBERSECURITY 
LAWS. 
(a) P ROSECUTION FOR CYBERCRIME .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Attorney General, in consultation with the Director of the United States Secret Service, the Director of U.S. Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement, and the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, shall sub-mit to Congress a report— 
(A) describing investigations and prosecu-
tions relating to cyber intrusions, computer or network compromise, or other forms of il-legal hacking the preceding year, including— 
(i) the number of investigations initiated 
relating to such crimes; 
(ii) the number of arrests relating to such 
crimes; 
(iii) the number and description of in-
stances in which investigations or prosecu-tions relating to such crimes have been de-layed or prevented because of an inability to extradite a criminal defendant in a timely manner; and 
(iv) the number of prosecutions for such 
crimes, including— 
(I) the number of defendants prosecuted; (II) whether the prosecutions resulted in a 
conviction; and 
(III) the sentence imposed and the statu-
tory maximum for each such crime for which a defendant was convicted; 
(B) identifying the number of employees, 
financial resources, and other resources (such as technology and training) devoted to the enforcement, investigation, and prosecu-tion of cyber intrusions, computer or net-work compromised, or other forms of illegal hacking, including the number of investiga-tors, prosecutors, and forensic specialists dedicated to investigating and prosecuting cyber intrusions, computer or network com-promise, or other forms of illegal hacking; and 
(C) discussing any impediments under the 
laws of the United States or international law to prosecutions for cyber intrusions, computer or network compromise, or other forms of illegal hacking, including discus-sion of ways to improve the mutual legal as-sistance process used to obtain evidence abroad and to provide domestic evidence to foreign requestors. 
(2) U
PDATES .—The Attorney General, in 
consultation with the Director of the United States Secret Service, the Director of Immi-gration and Customs Enforcement, and the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investiga-tion, shall annually submit to Congress a re-port updating the report submitted under paragraph (1) at the same time the Attorney General submits annual reports under sec-
tion 404 of the Prioritizing Resources and Or-ganization for Intellectual Property Act of 2008 (42 U.S.C. 3713d). 
(b) P
REPAREDNESS OF FEDERAL COURTS TO  
PROMOTE CYBERSECURITY .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Attorney General, in coordination with the Administrative Office of the United States Courts, shall submit to Congress a re-port— 
(1) on whether Federal courts have granted 
timely relief in matters relating to botnets and other cybercrime and cyber threats; and 
(2) that includes, as appropriate, rec-
ommendations on changes or improvements to— 
(A) the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure or 
the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure; 
(B) the training and other resources avail-
able to support the Federal judiciary; 
(C) the capabilities and specialization of 
courts to which such cases may be assigned; and 
(D) Federal civil and criminal laws. 
SEC. 203. CYBERSECURITY PUBLIC AWARENESS 
CAMPAIGNS. 
(a) E VALUATION OF EXISTING CYBERSECU -
RITY PUBLIC AWARENESS CAMPAIGNS .—Not 
later than 180 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report examining— 
(1) the number of cybersecurity public 
awareness campaigns run by Federal agen-cies; 
(2) the estimated costs of Federal cyberse-
curity public awareness campaigns; and 
(3) the effectiveness of Federal cybersecu-
rity public awareness campaigns. 
(b) R
ECOMMENDATIONS FOR IMPROVING CY-
BERSECURITY PUBLIC AWARENESS CAM-
PAIGNS .—The report required under sub-
section (a) shall include recommendations for improving and, if appropriate, consoli-dating Federal cybersecurity public aware-ness campaigns. 
SEC. 204. DEVELOPING TECHNOLOGIES TO EN-
HANCE CRITICAL INFRASTRUCTURE CYBERSECURITY. 
(a) D EFINITION .—In this section, the term 
‘‘critical infrastructure sector’’ has the meaning given the term in section 203. 
(b) R
EPORTS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-
land Security shall enter into a contract with the National Research Council, or an-other Federally funded research and develop-ment corporation, under which the Council or corporation shall submit to Congress a re-port on opportunities to develop innovative or experimental technologies or techno-logical approaches that would enhance the cybersecurity of the critical infrastructure sector. 
(2) L
IMITATIONS .—The report required 
under paragraph (1) shall— 
(A) consider only technologies or techno-
logical options that can be deployed con-sistent with constitutional and statutory privacy rights; and 
(B) identify any technologies or techno-
logical options described in subparagraph (A) that merit Federal research support. 
(3) T
IMING .—The contract entered into 
under paragraph (1) shall require that the re-port described in paragraph (1) be submitted not later than 1 year after the date of enact-ment of this Act. The Secretary of Homeland Security may enter into additional subse-quent contracts as appropriate. 
SA 2621. Mr. WYDEN (for himself, 
Mr. U DALL , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. F RANKEN , 
Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , and Ms. 
BALDWIN ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, to improve cybersecurity in 
the United States through enhanced sharing of information about cyberse-curity threats, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 16, strike lines 9 through 21 and in-
sert the following: 
(A) review such cyber threat indicator and 
remove, to the extent feasible, any personal 
information of or identifying a specific indi-vidual that is not necessary to describe or identity a cybersecurity threat; or 
(B) implement and utilize a technical capa-
bility configured to remove, to the extent feasible, any personal information of or iden-tifying a specific individual contained within such indicator that is not necessary to de-scribe or identify a cybersecurity threat. 
SA 2622. Mr. WYDEN (for himself, 
Mr. U DALL , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. F RANKEN , 
Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , and Ms. 
BALDWIN ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, to improve cybersecurity in the United States through enhanced sharing of information about cyberse-curity threats, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 12, between lines 7 and 8, insert 
the following: 
(F) include procedures for notifying in a 
timely manner any person whose personal information is known or determined to have been shared or disclosed in contravention of this Act. 
SA 2623. Ms. COLLINS (for herself, 
Ms. H IRONO , Mr. W ARNER , and Mr. 
COATS ) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by her to the bill S. 754, to improve cybersecurity in the United States through enhanced shar-ing of information about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . REPORTING ON INTRUSIONS OF IN-
FORMATION SYSTEMS ESSENTIAL TO OPERATION OF CRITICAL INFRA-STRUCTURE AT GREATEST RISK. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A PPROPRIATE AGENCY .—The term ‘‘ap-
propriate agency’’ means, with respect to a covered entity— 
(A) except as provided in subparagraph (B), 
the applicable sector-specific agency; or 
(B) in the case of a covered entity that is 
regulated by a Federal entity, such Federal entity. 
(2) A
PPROPRIATE AGENCY HEAD .—The term 
‘‘appropriate agency head’’ means, with re-spect to a covered entity, the head of the ap-propriate agency. 
(3) C
OVERED ENTITY .—The term ‘‘covered 
entity’’ means an entity that owns or con-trols critical cyber infrastructure. 
(4) C
RITICAL INFRASTRUCTURE .—The term 
‘‘critical infrastructure’’ means a system or asset, whether physical or virtual, that is so vital to the United States that the inca-pacity or destruction of such system or asset would have a debilitating impact on secu-rity, national economic security, national public health or safety, or any combination of those matters. 
(5) C
RITICAL CYBER INFRASTRUCTURE .—The 
term ‘‘critical cyber infrastructure’’ means critical infrastructure identified pursuant to section 9(a) of Executive Order 13636 of Feb-ruary 12, 2013 (78 Fed. Reg. 11742; relating to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05AU6.054 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6412 August 5, 2015 
identification of critical infrastructure 
where a cybersecurity incident could reason-ably result in catastrophic regional or na-tional effects on public health or safety, eco-nomic security, or national security), or any successor order. 
(6) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ 
means the Secretary of Homeland Security. 
(7) S ECTOR -SPECIFIC AGENCY .—The term 
‘‘sector specific agency’’ has the meaning given such term in Presidential Policy Di-rective–21, issued February 12, 2013, or any successor directive. 
(b) R
EPORTING REQUIRED .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding sub-
sections (f) and (h) of section 8, if an infor-mation system of a covered entity that is es-sential to the operation of critical cyber in-frastructure is successfully intruded upon, such covered entity shall submit to the Sec-retary or the appropriate agency head a re-port on such intrusion as soon as practicable after the covered entity discovers such intru-sion. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—Each report submitted by a 
covered entity under paragraph (1) with re-spect to an intrusion shall include the fol-lowing: 
(A) A description of the technique or meth-
od used in such intrusion. 
(B) A sample of the malicious software, if 
discovered and isolated by the covered enti-ty, involved in such intrusion. 
(C) Damage assessment. (D) Such other matters as the Secretary or 
the appropriate agency head, as the case may be, consider appropriate. 
(3) C
ONSISTENCY .—Reports submitted under 
paragraph (1) shall be submitted in a manner that is consistent with the other require-ments of this Act. 
(c) P
ROTECTION FROM LIABILITY .—A sub-
mittal of a report under subsection (b)(1) shall be treated as a sharing of a cyber threat indicator or defensive measure under 
section 4(c) for purposes of section 6. 
(d) P
OLICIES AND PROCEDURES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall, in consultation with the appropriate agency heads of covered entities, promulgate policies and procedures to carry out this section. 
(2) E
LEMENTS .—The policies and procedures 
promulgated under paragraph (1) shall in-clude the following: 
(A) Policies and procedures for submitting 
reports under subsection (b). 
(B) Policies and procedures for making 
cyber threat indicators available under sub-section (e). 
(C) Policies and procedures for taking ac-
tion under subsection (f). 
(3) E
XISTING PROCESSES , ROLES , AND RE -
SPONSIBILITIES .—The Secretary shall ensure 
that the policies and procedures promulgated pursuant to paragraph (1) incorporate, to the greatest extent practicable, processes, roles, and responsibilities of appropriate agencies and entities, including sector specific infor-mation sharing and analysis centers, that were in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(e) T
WO-WAY SHARING .—In a case in which 
the Secretary or an appropriate agency head receives a report under subsection (b) from a covered entity, the Secretary or appropriate agency head, as the case may be, shall, pur-suant to section 3 and to the greatest extent practicable, make available to such covered entity such cyber threat indicators as the Secretary or appropriate agency head con-siders appropriate. 
(f) P
ROTECTION FROM IDENTIFICATION .—In a 
case in which the Secretary or an appro-priate agency head shares with a non-Fed-eral entity information from or information derived from a report submitted by a covered entity under this section, the Secretary or 
the appropriate agency head (as the case may be) shall take such actions as the Sec-retary or the appropriate agency head (as the case may be) considers appropriate to protect from disclosure the identity of the covered entity. 
(g) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The requirements of 
subsection (b) shall take effect on the date on which the Secretary first promulgates policies and procedures under subsection (d)(1) and shall apply with respect to intru-sions of critical cyber infrastructure occur-ring on or after such date. 
SA 2624. Mr. MENENDEZ submitted 
an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, to improve cy-bersecurity in the United States through enhanced sharing of informa-tion about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 15, lines 4 and 5, strike ‘‘paragraph 
(2)’’ and insert ‘‘paragraphs (2) and (3)’’. 
On page 15, between lines 16 and 17, insert 
the following: 
(3) C OMPLIANCE WITH CYBERSECURITY CROSS - 
AGENCY PRIORITY GOAL .— 
(A) D EFINITIONS .—In this paragraph— 
(i) the term ‘‘appropriate committees of 
Congress’’ means— 
(I) the Committee on the Judiciary, the 
Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and 
(II) the Committee on the Judiciary, the 
Committee on Homeland Security, the Per-manent Select Committee on Intelligence, 
and the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform of the House of Representa-tives; and 
(ii) the term ‘‘independent auditor’’ 
means— 
(I) for each Federal entity with an Inspec-
tor General appointed under the Inspector General Act of 1978, the Inspector General or an independent external auditor, as deter-mined by the Inspector General of the Fed-eral entity; and 
(II) for each Federal entity not described in 
subclause (I), an independent external audi-tor as determined by the head of the Federal entity. 
(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—A Federal entity may 
not receive defensive measures under this Act unless the independent auditor for the Federal entity certifies that the Federal en-tity— 
(i) is capable of properly using any defen-
sive measures received; and 
(ii) meets any additional metrics, as deter-
mined by Secretary of Homeland Security. 
(C) R
ULES .—Not later than 120 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Homeland Security, in consultation with the Director of the Office of Manage-ment and Budget, shall promulgate rules for updating the certification of the compliance of a Federal entity with the Cybersecurity Cross-Agency Priority Goal for purposes of receiving defensive measures. 
(D) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .— 
(i) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the inde-pendent auditor for each Federal entity, in consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress and the head of the Federal entity a report detailing whether the Federal entity is capable of— 
(I) adequately protecting the information 
shared or received under this Act; 
(II) determining the original source of a 
cybersecurity threat; and 
(III) determining whether a cybersecurity 
threat originates from a foreign entity. (ii) F
ORM.—Each report required under 
clause (i) shall be submitted in writing and in unclassified form, but may include a clas-sified annex. 
On page 15, line 17, strike ‘‘(3)’’ and insert 
‘‘(4)’’ 
SA 2625. Mr. JOHNSON (for himself, 
Mr. C ARPER , Ms. A YOTTE , Mrs. M CCAS-
KILL, Ms. C OLLINS , and Mr. W ARNER ) 
submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, to improve cybersecurity in the United States through enhanced sharing of in-formation about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
TITLE II—FEDERAL CYBERSECURITY 
ENHANCEMENT ACT 
SECTION 201. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Federal Cy-
bersecurity Enhancement Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 202. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title— (1) the term ‘‘agency’’ has the meaning 
given the term in section 3502 of title 44, United States Code; 
(2) the term ‘‘agency information system’’ 
has the meaning given the term in section 228 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by section 203(a); 
(3) the term ‘‘appropriate congressional 
committees’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Homeland Security 
and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Homeland Security 
of the House of Representatives; 
(4) the terms ‘‘cybersecurity risk’’ and ‘‘in-
formation system’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 227 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as so redesignated by section 203(a); 
(5) the term ‘‘Director’’ means the Director 
of the Office of Management and Budget; 
(6) the term ‘‘intelligence community’’ has 
the meaning given the term in section 3(4) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4)); and 
(7) the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Sec-
retary of Homeland Security. 
SEC. 203. IMPROVED FEDERAL NETWORK SECU-
RITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle C of title II of 
the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 141 et seq.) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating section 228 as section 
229; 
(2) by redesignating section 227 as sub-
section (c) of section 228, as added by para-graph (4), and adjusting the margins accord-ingly; 
(3) by redesignating the second section des-
ignated as section 226 (relating to the na-tional cybersecurity and communications in-tegration center) as section 227; 
(4) by inserting after section 227, as so re-
designated, the following: 
‘‘SEC. 228. CYBERSECURITY PLANS. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— 
‘‘(1) the term ‘agency information system’ 
means an information system used or oper-ated by an agency or by another entity on behalf of an agency; 
‘‘(2) the terms ‘cybersecurity risk’ and ‘in-
formation system’ have the meanings given those terms in section 227; 
‘‘(3) the term ‘information sharing and 
analysis organization’ has the meaning given the term in section 212(5); and 
‘‘(4) the term ‘intelligence community’ has 
the meaning given the term in section 3(4) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4)). 
‘‘(b) I
NTRUSION ASSESSMENT PLAN.— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05AU6.054 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6413 August 5, 2015 
‘‘(1) R EQUIREMENT .—The Secretary, in co-
ordination with the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, shall develop and implement an intrusion assessment plan to identify and remove intruders in agency in-formation systems. 
‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—The intrusion assessment 
plan required under paragraph (1) shall not apply to the Department of Defense or an element of the intelligence community.’’; 
(5) in section 228(c), as so redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘section 226’’ and inserting ‘‘section 227’’; and 
(6) by inserting after section 229, as so re-
designated, the following: 
‘‘SEC. 230. FEDERAL INTRUSION DETECTION AND 
PREVENTION SYSTEM. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— 
‘‘(1) the term ‘agency’ has the meaning 
given that term in section 3502 of title 44, United States Code; 
‘‘(2) the term ‘agency information’ means 
information collected or maintained by or on behalf of an agency; 
‘‘(3) the term ‘agency information system’ 
has the meaning given the term in section 228; and 
‘‘(4) the terms ‘cybersecurity risk’ and ‘in-
formation system’ have the meanings given those terms in section 227. 
‘‘(b) R
EQUIREMENT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall deploy, operate, and maintain, to make available for use by any agency, with or without reimbursement— 
‘‘(A) a capability to detect cybersecurity 
risks in network traffic transiting or trav-eling to or from an agency information sys-tem; and 
‘‘(B) a capability to prevent network traf-
fic associated with such cybersecurity risks from transiting or traveling to or from an agency information system or modify such network traffic to remove the cybersecurity risk. 
‘‘(2) R
EGULAR IMPROVEMENT .—The Sec-
retary shall regularly deploy new tech-nologies and modify existing technologies to the intrusion detection and prevention capa-bilities described in paragraph (1) as appro-priate to improve the intrusion detection and prevention capabilities. 
‘‘(c) A
CTIVITIES .—In carrying out sub-
section (b), the Secretary— 
‘‘(1) may access, and the head of an agency 
may disclose to the Secretary or a private entity providing assistance to the Secretary under paragraph (2), information transiting or traveling to or from an agency informa-tion system, regardless of the location from which the Secretary or a private entity pro-viding assistance to the Secretary under paragraph (2) accesses such information, not-withstanding any other provision of law that would otherwise restrict or prevent the head of an agency from disclosing such informa-tion to the Secretary or a private entity pro-viding assistance to the Secretary under paragraph (2); 
‘‘(2) may enter into contracts or other 
agreements with, or otherwise request and obtain the assistance of, private entities to deploy and operate technologies in accord-ance with subsection (b); 
‘‘(3) may retain, use, and disclose informa-
tion obtained through the conduct of activi-ties authorized under this section only to protect information and information sys-tems from cybersecurity risks; 
‘‘(4) shall regularly assess through oper-
ational test and evaluation in real world or simulated environments available advanced protective technologies to improve detection and prevention capabilities, including com-mercial and non-commercial technologies and detection technologies beyond signa-ture-based detection, and utilize such tech-
nologies when appropriate; 
‘‘(5) shall establish a pilot to acquire, test, 
and deploy, as rapidly as possible, tech-nologies described in paragraph (4); 
‘‘(6) shall periodically update the privacy 
impact assessment required under section 
208(b) of the E-Government Act of 2002 (44 U.S.C. 3501 note); and 
‘‘(7) shall ensure that— ‘‘(A) activities carried out under this sec-
tion are reasonably necessary for the pur-pose of protecting agency information and agency information systems from a cyberse-curity risk; 
‘‘(B) information accessed by the Secretary 
will be retained no longer than reasonably necessary for the purpose of protecting agen-cy information and agency information sys-tems from a cybersecurity risk; 
‘‘(C) notice has been provided to users of an 
agency information system concerning ac-cess to communications of users of the agen-cy information system for the purpose of protecting agency information and the agen-cy information system; and 
‘‘(D) the activities are implemented pursu-
ant to policies and procedures governing the operation of the intrusion detection and pre-vention capabilities. 
‘‘(d) P
RIVATE ENTITIES .— 
‘‘(1) C ONDITIONS .—A private entity de-
scribed in subsection (c)(2) may not— 
‘‘(A) disclose any network traffic 
transiting or traveling to or from an agency information system to any entity without the consent of the Department or the agency that disclosed the information under sub-section (c)(1); or 
‘‘(B) use any network traffic transiting or 
traveling to or from an agency information system to which the private entity gains ac-cess in accordance with this section for any purpose other than to protect agency infor-mation and agency information systems against cybersecurity risks or to administer a contract or other agreement entered into pursuant to subsection (c)(2) or as part of an-other contract with the Secretary. 
‘‘(2) L
IMITATION ON LIABILITY .—No cause of 
action shall lie in any court against a pri-vate entity for assistance provided to the Secretary in accordance with this section and any contract or agreement entered into pursuant to subsection (c)(2). 
‘‘(3) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
paragraph (2) shall be construed to authorize an Internet service provider to break a user agreement with a customer without the con-sent of the customer. 
‘‘(e) A
TTORNEY GENERAL REVIEW .—Not 
later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, the Attorney General shall review the policies and guidelines for the program carried out under this section to en-sure that the policies and guidelines are con-sistent with applicable law governing the ac-quisition, interception, retention, use, and disclosure of communications.’’. 
(b) P
RIORITIZING ADVANCED SECURITY  
TOOLS.—The Director and the Secretary, in 
consultation with appropriate agencies, shall— 
(1) review and update governmentwide 
policies and programs to ensure appropriate prioritization and use of network security monitoring tools within agency networks; and 
(2) brief appropriate congressional commit-
tees on such prioritization and use. 
(c) A
GENCY RESPONSIBILITIES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2)— 
(A) not later than 1 year after the date of 
enactment of this Act or 2 months after the date on which the Secretary makes available the intrusion detection and prevention capa-bilities under section 230(b)(1) of the Home-land Security Act of 2002, as added by sub-
section (a), whichever is later, the head of each agency shall apply and continue to uti-lize the capabilities to all information trav-eling between an agency information system and any information system other than an agency information system; and 
(B) not later than 6 months after the date 
on which the Secretary makes available im-provements to the intrusion detection and prevention capabilities pursuant to section 230(b)(2) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by subsection (a), the head of each agency shall apply and continue to uti-lize the improved intrusion detection and prevention capabilities. 
(2) E
XCEPTION .—The requirements under 
paragraph (1) shall not apply to the Depart-ment of Defense or an element of the intel-ligence community. 
(d) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS AMENDMENT .—The 
table of contents in section 1(b) of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 note) is amended by striking the items relating to the first section designated as section 226, the second section designated as section 226 (relating to the national cybersecurity and 
communications integration center), section 227, and section 228 and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘Sec. 226. Cybersecurity recruitment and re-
tention. 
‘‘Sec. 227. National cybersecurity and com-
munications integration center. 
‘‘Sec. 228. Cybersecurity plans. ‘‘Sec. 229. Clearances. ‘‘Sec. 230. Federal intrusion detection and 
prevention system.’’. 
SEC. 204. ADVANCED INTERNAL DEFENSES. 
(a) A DVANCED NETWORK SECURITY TOOLS.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall in-
clude in the Continuous Diagnostics and Mitigation Program advanced network secu-rity tools to improve visibility of network activity, including through the use of com-mercial and free or open source tools, to de-tect and mitigate intrusions and anomalous activity. 
(2) D
EVELOPMENT OF PLAN .—The Director 
shall develop and implement a plan to ensure that each agency utilizes advanced network security tools, including those described in paragraph (1), to detect and mitigate intru-sions and anomalous activity. 
(b) I
MPROVED METRICS .—The Secretary, in 
collaboration with the Director, shall review and update the metrics used to measure se-curity under section 3554 of title 44, United States Code, to include measures of intru-sion and incident detection and response times. 
(c) T
RANSPARENCY AND ACCOUNTABILITY .— 
The Director, in consultation with the Sec-retary, shall increase transparency to the public on agency cybersecurity posture, in-cluding by increasing the number of metrics available on Federal Government perform-ance websites and, to the greatest extent practicable, displaying metrics for depart-ment components, small agencies, and micro agencies. 
(d) M
AINTENANCE OF TECHNOLOGIES .—Sec-
tion 3553(b)(6)(B) of title 44, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘, operating, and maintaining’’ after ‘‘deploying’’. 
SEC. 205. FEDERAL CYBERSECURITY REQUIRE-
MENTS. 
(a) I MPLEMENTATION OF FEDERAL CYBERSE -
CURITY STANDARDS .—Consistent with section 
3553 of title 44, United States Code, the Sec-retary, in consultation with the Director, shall exercise the authority to issue binding operational directives to assist the Director in ensuring timely agency adoption of and compliance with policies and standards pro-mulgated under section 11331 of title 40, United States Code, for securing agency in-formation systems. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05AU6.057 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6414 August 5, 2015 
(b) C YBERSECURITY REQUIREMENTS AT AGEN-
CIES.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Consistent with policies, 
standards, guidelines, and directives on in-formation security under subchapter II of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, and the standards and guidelines promul-gated under section 11331 of title 40, United States Code, and except as provided in para-graph (2), not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the head of each agency shall— 
(A) identify sensitive and mission critical 
data stored by the agency consistent with the inventory required under the first sub-section (c) (relating to the inventory of major information systems) and the second subsection (c) (relating to the inventory of information systems) of section 3505 of title 44, United States Code; 
(B) assess access controls to the data de-
scribed in subparagraph (A), the need for readily accessible storage of the data, and in-dividuals’ need to access the data; 
(C) encrypt or otherwise render indecipher-
able to unauthorized users the data described in subparagraph (A) that is stored on or transiting agency information systems; 
(D) implement a single sign-on trusted 
identity platform for individuals accessing each public website of the agency that re-quires user authentication, as developed by the Administrator of General Services in col-laboration with the Secretary; and 
(E) implement identity management con-
sistent with section 504 of the Cybersecurity Enhancement Act of 2014 (15 U.S.C. 7464), in-cluding multi-factor authentication, for— 
(i) remote access to an agency information 
system; and 
(ii) each user account with elevated privi-
leges on an agency information system. 
(2) E
XCEPTION .—The requirements under 
paragraph (1) shall not apply to— 
(A) the Department of Defense or an ele-
ment of the intelligence community; or 
(B) an agency information system for 
which— 
(i) the head of the agency has personally 
certified to the Director with particularity that— 
(I) operational requirements articulated in 
the certification and related to the agency information system would make it exces-sively burdensome to implement the cyber-security requirement; 
(II) the cybersecurity requirement is not 
necessary to secure the agency information system or agency information stored on or transiting it; and 
(III) the agency has all taken necessary 
steps to secure the agency information sys-tem and agency information stored on or transiting it; and 
(ii) the head of the agency or the designee 
of the head of the agency has submitted the certification described in clause (i) to the ap-propriate congressional committees and the authorizing committees of the agency. 
(3) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed— 
(A) to alter the authority of the Secretary, 
the Director, or the Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology in im-plementing subchapter II of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code; 
(B) to affect the National Institute of 
Standards and Technology standards process or the requirement under section 3553(a)(4) of title 44, United States Code; or 
(C) to discourage continued improvements 
and advancements in the technology, stand-ards, policies, and guidelines used to pro-mote Federal information security. 
SEC. 206. ASSESSMENT; REPORTS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— 
(1) the term ‘‘intrusion assessments’’ 
means actions taken under the intrusion as-sessment plan to identify and remove intrud-
ers in agency information systems; 
(2) the term ‘‘intrusion assessment plan’’ 
means the plan required under section 228(b)(1) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by section 203(a) of this Act; and 
(3) the term ‘‘intrusion detection and pre-
vention capabilities’’ means the capabilities required under section 230(b) of the Home-land Security Act of 2002, as added by section 203(a) of this Act. 
(b) T
HIRD PARTY ASSESSMENT .—Not later 
than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Government Accountability Of-fice shall conduct a study and publish a re-port on the effectiveness of the approach and strategy of the Federal Government to se-curing agency information systems, includ-ing the intrusion detection and prevention capabilities and the intrusion assessment plan. 
(c) R
EPORTS TO CONGRESS .— 
(1) I NTRUSION DETECTION AND PREVENTION  
CAPABILITIES .— 
(A) S ECRETARY OF HOMELAND SECURITY RE -
PORT .—Not later than 6 months after the 
date of enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a re-port on the status of implementation of the intrusion detection and prevention capabili-ties, including— 
(i) a description of privacy controls; (ii) a description of the technologies and 
capabilities utilized to detect cybersecurity risks in network traffic, including the extent to which those technologies and capabilities 
include existing commercial and non-com-mercial technologies; 
(iii) a description of the technologies and 
capabilities utilized to prevent network traf-fic associated with cybersecurity risks from transiting or traveling to or from agency in-formation systems, including the extent to which those technologies and capabilities in-clude existing commercial and non-commer-cial technologies; 
(iv) a list of the types of indicators or 
other identifiers or techniques used to detect cybersecurity risks in network traffic transiting or traveling to or from agency in-formation systems on each iteration of the intrusion detection and prevention capabili-ties and the number of each such type of in-dicator, identifier, and technique; 
(v) the number of instances in which the 
intrusion detection and prevention capabili-ties detected a cybersecurity risk in network traffic transiting or traveling to or from agency information systems and the number of times the intrusion detection and preven-tion capabilities blocked network traffic as-sociated with cybersecurity risk; and 
(vi) a description of the pilot established 
under section 230(c)(5) of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002, as added by section 203(a) of this Act, including the number of new tech-nologies tested and the number of partici-pating agencies. 
(B) OMB 
REPORT .—Not later than 18 
months after the date of enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Director shall submit to Congress, as part of the re-port required under section 3553(c) of title 44, United States Code, an analysis of agency application of the intrusion detection and prevention capabilities, including— 
(i) a list of each agency and the degree to 
which each agency has applied the intrusion detection and prevention capabilities to an agency information system; and 
(ii) a list by agency of— (I) the number of instances in which the in-
trusion detection and prevention capabilities detected a cybersecurity risk in network traffic transiting or traveling to or from an agency information system and the types of indicators, identifiers, and techniques used 
to detect such cybersecurity risks; and 
(II) the number of instances in which the 
intrusion detection and prevention capabili-ties prevented network traffic associated with a cybersecurity risk from transiting or traveling to or from an agency information 
system and the types of indicators, identi-fiers, and techniques used to detect such agency information systems. 
(2) OMB 
REPORT ON DEVELOPMENT AND IM -
PLEMENTATION OF INTRUSION ASSESSMENT  
PLAN , ADVANCED INTERNAL DEFENSES , AND 
FEDERAL CYBERSECURITY BEST PRACTICES .— 
The Director shall— 
(A) not later than 6 months after the date 
of enactment of this Act, and 30 days after any update thereto, submit the intrusion as-sessment plan to the appropriate congres-sional committees; 
(B) not later than 1 year after the date of 
enactment of this Act, and annually there-after, submit to Congress, as part of the re-port required under section 3553(c) of title 44, United States Code— 
(i) a description of the implementation of 
the intrusion assessment plan; 
(ii) the findings of the intrusion assess-
ments conducted pursuant to the intrusion assessment plan; 
(iii) advanced network security tools in-
cluded in the Continuous Diagnostics and Mitigation Program pursuant to section 204(a)(1); 
(iv) the results of the assessment of the 
Secretary of best practices for Federal cy-bersecurity pursuant to section 205(a); and 
(v) a list by agency of compliance with the 
requirements of section 205(b); and 
(C) not later than 1 year after the date of 
enactment of this Act, submit to the appro-priate congressional committees— 
(i) a copy of the plan developed pursuant to 
section 204(a)(2); and 
(ii) the improved metrics developed pursu-
ant to section 204(b). 
SEC. 207. TERMINATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The authority provided 
under section 230 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by section 203(a) of this Act, and the reporting requirements under section 206(c) shall terminate on the date that is 7 years after the date of enactment of this Act. 
(b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
subsection (a) shall be construed to affect the limitation of liability of a private entity for assistance provided to the Secretary under section 230(d)(2) of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002, as added by section 203(a) of this Act, if such assistance was rendered be-fore the termination date under subsection (a) or otherwise during a period in which the assistance was authorized. 
SEC. 208. IDENTIFICATION OF INFORMATION SYS-
TEMS RELATING TO NATIONAL SE-CURITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subsection (c), not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act— 
(1) the Director of National Intelligence, in 
coordination with the heads of other agen-cies, shall— 
(A) identify all unclassified information 
systems that provide access to information that may provide an adversary with the abil-ity to derive information that would other-wise be considered classified; 
(B) assess the risks that would result from 
the breach of each unclassified information system identified in subparagraph (A); and 
(C) assess the cost and impact on the mis-
sion carried out by each agency that owns an unclassified information system identified in subparagraph (A) if the system were to be subsequently designated as a national secu-rity system, as defined in section 11103 of title 40, United States Code; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05AU6.057 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6415 August 5, 2015 
(2) the Director of National Intelligence 
shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees, the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate, and the Perma-nent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives a report that in-cludes the findings under paragraph (1). 
(b) F
ORM.—The report submitted under 
subsection (a)(2) shall be in unclassified form, and shall include a classified annex. 
(c) E
XCEPTION .—The requirements under 
subsection (a)(1) shall not apply to the De-partment of Defense or an element of the in-telligence community. 
SEC. 209. DIRECTION TO AGENCIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3553 of title 44, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(h) D
IRECTION TO AGENCIES .— 
‘‘(1) A UTHORITY .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph 
(B), in response to a known or reasonably suspected information security threat, vul-nerability, or incident that represents a sub-stantial threat to the information security of an agency, the Secretary may issue an emergency directive to the head of an agency to take any lawful action with respect to the operation of the information system, includ-ing such systems owned or operated by an-other entity on behalf of an agency, that col-lects, processes, stores, transmits, dissemi-nates, or otherwise maintains agency infor-mation, for the purpose of protecting the in-formation system from, or mitigating, an in-formation security threat. 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—The authorities of the 
Secretary under this subsection shall not apply to a system described in paragraph (2) or (3) of subsection (e). 
‘‘(2) P
ROCEDURES FOR USE OF AUTHORITY .— 
The Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) in coordination with the Director, es-
tablish procedures governing the cir-cumstances under which a directive may be issued under this subsection, which shall in-clude— 
‘‘(i) thresholds and other criteria; ‘‘(ii) privacy and civil liberties protections; 
and 
‘‘(iii) providing notice to potentially af-
fected third parties; 
‘‘(B) specify the reasons for the required 
action and the duration of the directive; 
‘‘(C) minimize the impact of a directive 
under this subsection by— 
‘‘(i) adopting the least intrusive means 
possible under the circumstances to secure the agency information systems; and 
‘‘(ii) limiting directives to the shortest pe-
riod practicable; 
‘‘(D) notify the Director and the head of 
any affected agency immediately upon the issuance of a directive under this subsection; 
‘‘(E) consult with the Director of the Na-
tional Institute of Standards and Technology regarding any directive issued under this subsection that implements standards and guidelines developed by the National Insti-tute of Standards and Technology; 
‘‘(F) ensure that directives issued under 
this subsection do not conflict with the standards and guidelines issued under sec-tion 11331 of title 40; 
‘‘(G) consider any applicable standards or 
guidelines developed by the National Insti-tute of Standards and issued by the Sec-retary of Commerce under section 11331 of title 40; and 
‘‘(H) not later than February 1 of each 
year, submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a report regarding the specific actions the Secretary has taken pur-suant to paragraph (1)(A). 
‘‘(3) I
MMINENT THREATS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 
3554, the Secretary may authorize the use of protective capabilities under the control of 
the Secretary for communications or other system traffic transiting to or from or stored on an agency information system for the purpose of ensuring the security of the infor-mation or information system or other agen-cy information systems, if— 
‘‘(i) the Secretary determines that there is 
an imminent threat to agency information systems; 
‘‘(ii) the Secretary determines that a direc-
tive issued under subsection (b)(2)(C) or para-graph (1)(A) is not reasonably likely to re-sult in a timely response to the threat; 
‘‘(iii) the Secretary determines that the 
risk posed by the imminent threat outweighs any adverse consequences reasonably ex-pected to result from the use of protective capabilities under the control of the Sec-retary; 
‘‘(iv) the Secretary provides prior notice to 
the Director and the head and chief informa-tion officer (or equivalent official) of each agency to which specific actions will be taken pursuant to this subparagraph, and no-tifies the appropriate congressional commit-tees and authorizing committees of each such agencies within 7 days of taking an ac-tion under this subparagraph, of— 
‘‘(I) any action taken under this subpara-
graph; and 
‘‘(II) the reasons for and duration and na-
ture of the action; 
‘‘(v) the action of the Secretary is con-
sistent with applicable law; and 
‘‘(vi) the Secretary authorizes the use of 
protective capabilities in accordance with the advance procedures established under subparagraph (C). 
‘‘(B) L
IMITATION ON DELEGATION .—The au-
thority under subparagraph (A) may not be delegated by the Secretary. 
‘‘(C) A
DVANCE PROCEDURES .—The Secretary 
shall, in coordination with the Director and in consultation with the heads of agencies, establish procedures governing the cir-cumstances under which the Secretary may authorize the use of protective capabilities under subparagraph (A). The Secretary shall submit the procedures to Congress. 
‘‘(4) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary may di-
rect or authorize lawful action or protective capability under this subsection only to— 
‘‘(A) protect agency information from un-
authorized access, use, disclosure, disrup-tion, modification, or destruction; or 
‘‘(B) require the remediation of or protect 
against identified information security risks with respect to— 
‘‘(i) information collected or maintained 
by or on behalf of an agency; or 
‘‘(ii) that portion of an information system 
used or operated by an agency or by a con-tractor of an agency or other organization on behalf of an agency. 
‘‘(i) A
NNUAL REPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not 
later than February 1 of each year, the Di-rector shall submit to the appropriate con-gressional committees a report regarding the specific actions the Director has taken pur-suant to subsection (a)(5), including any ac-tions taken pursuant to section 11303(b)(5) of title 40. 
‘‘(j) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—In this section, the term ‘appropriate 
congressional committees’ means— 
‘‘(1) the Committee on Appropriations, the 
Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs, and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; and 
‘‘(2) the Committee on Appropriations, the 
Committee on Homeland Security, the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form, and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representa-tives.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—Section 
3554(a)(1)(B) of title 44, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(v) 
emergency directives issued by the Sec-retary under section 3553(h); and’’. 
‘‘(v) emergency directives issued by the 
Secretary under section 3553(h); and’’. 
SA 2626. Mr. WHITEHOUSE sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, to improve cybersecurity in the United States through enhanced sharing of in-formation about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
SEC. ll. STOPPING THE SALE OF AMERICANS’ 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION. 
Section 1029(h) of title 18, United States 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘if—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘therefrom.’’ and in-serting ‘‘if the offense involves an access de-vice issued, owned, managed, or controlled by a financial institution, account issuer, credit card system member, or other entity organized under the laws of the United States, or any State, the District of Colum-bia, or other Territory of the United States.’’. 
SEC. ll. SHUTTING DOWN BOTNETS. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—Section 1345 of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in the heading, by inserting ‘‘ and 
abuse ’’ after ‘‘ fraud ’’; 
(2) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘or’’ at 
the end; 
(ii) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘or’’ 
after the semicolon; and 
(iii) by inserting after subparagraph (C) the 
following: 
‘‘(D) violating or about to violate para-
graph (1), (4), (5), or (7) of section 1030(a) where such conduct would affect 100 or more protected computers (as defined in section 1030) during any 1-year period, including by denying access to or operation of the com-puters, installing malicious software on the computers, or using the computers without authorization;’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘, a viola-
tion described in subsection (a)(1)(D),’’ before ‘‘or a Federal’’; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(c) A restraining order, prohibition, or 
other action described in subsection (b), if issued in circumstances described in sub-section (a)(1)(D), may, upon application of the Attorney General— 
‘‘(1) specify that no cause of action shall 
lie in any court against a person for com-plying with the restraining order, prohibi-tion, or other action; and 
‘‘(2) provide that the United States shall 
pay to such person a fee for reimbursement for such costs as are reasonably necessary and which have been directly incurred in complying with the restraining order, prohi-bition, or other action.’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of section for chapter 63 is 
amended by striking the item relating to section 1345 and inserting the following: 
‘‘1345. Injunctions against fraud and abuse.’’. 
SEC. ll. AGGRAVATED DAMAGE TO A CRITICAL 
INFRASTRUCTURE COMPUTER. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 47 of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 1030 the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05AU6.057 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6416 August 5, 2015 
‘‘§ 1030A. Aggravated damage to a critical in-
frastructure computer 
‘‘(a) O FFENSE .—It shall be unlawful, during 
and in relation to a felony violation of sec-tion 1030, to knowingly cause or attempt to cause damage to a critical infrastructure computer, if such damage results in (or, in the case of an attempted offense, would, if completed have resulted in) the substantial impairment— 
‘‘(1) of the operation of the critical infra-
structure computer; or 
‘‘(2) of the critical infrastructure associ-
ated with such computer. 
‘‘(b) P
ENALTY .—Any person who violates 
subsection (a) shall, in addition to the term of punishment provided for the felony viola-tion of section 1030, be fined under this title, imprisoned for not more than 20 years, or both. 
‘‘(c) C
ONSECUTIVE SENTENCE .—Notwith-
standing any other provision of law— 
‘‘(1) a court shall not place any person con-
victed of a violation of this section on proba-tion; 
‘‘(2) except as provided in paragraph (4), no 
term of imprisonment imposed on a person under this section shall run concurrently with any term of imprisonment imposed on the person under any other provision of law, including any term of imprisonment imposed for the felony violation of section 1030; 
‘‘(3) in determining any term of imprison-
ment to be imposed for the felony violation of section 1030, a court shall not in any way reduce the term to be imposed for such viola-tion to compensate for, or otherwise take into account, any separate term of imprison-ment imposed or to be imposed for a viola-
tion of this section; and 
‘‘(4) a term of imprisonment imposed on a 
person for a violation of this section may, in the discretion of the court, run concurrently, in whole or in part, only with another term of imprisonment that is imposed by the court at the same time on that person for an additional violation of this section, if such discretion shall be exercised in accordance with any applicable guidelines and policy statements issued by the United States Sen-tencing Commission pursuant to section 994 of title 28. 
‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section 
‘‘(1) the terms ‘computer’ and ‘damage’ 
have the meanings given the terms in sec-tion 1030; and 
‘‘(2) the term ‘critical infrastructure’ has 
the meaning given the term in section 1016(e) of the USA PATRIOT Act (42 U.S.C. 5195c(e)).’’. 
(b) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sec-
tions for chapter 47 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1030 the following: 
‘‘1030A. Aggravated damage to a critical in-
frastructure computer.’’. 
SEC. ll. STOPPING TRAFFICKING IN BOTNETS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1030 of title 18, 
United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking paragraph 
(6) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(6) knowing such conduct to be wrongful, 
intentionally traffics in any password or similar information, or any other means of access, further knowing or having reason to know that a protected computer would be accessed or damaged without authorization in a manner prohibited by this section as the result of such trafficking;’’; 
(2) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘, (a)(3), 
or (a)(6)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘or (a)(3)’’; and 
(B) in paragraph (4)— (i) in subparagraph (C)(i), by striking ‘‘or 
an attempt to commit an offense’’; and 
(ii) in subparagraph (D), by striking clause 
(ii) and inserting the following: ‘‘(ii) an offense, or an attempt to commit 
an offense, under subsection (a)(6);’’; and 
(3) in subsection (g), in the first sentence, 
by inserting ‘‘, except for a violation of sub-section (a)(6),’’ after ‘‘of this section’’. 
SA 2627. Mr. CARPER (for himself, 
Mr. J OHNSON , Ms. A YOTTE , Mrs. M CCAS-
KILL, Ms. C OLLINS , and Mr. W ARNER ) 
submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, to improve cybersecurity in the United States through enhanced sharing of in-formation about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
TITLE II—FEDERAL CYBERSECURITY 
ENHANCEMENT ACT 
SECTION 201. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Federal Cy-
bersecurity Enhancement Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 202. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title— 
(1) the term ‘‘agency’’ has the meaning 
given the term in section 3502 of title 44, United States Code; 
(2) the term ‘‘agency information system’’ 
has the meaning given the term in section 228 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by section 203(a); 
(3) the term ‘‘appropriate congressional 
committees’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Homeland Security 
and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Homeland Security 
of the House of Representatives; 
(4) the terms ‘‘cybersecurity risk’’ and ‘‘in-
formation system’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 227 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as so redesignated by section 203(a); 
(5) the term ‘‘Director’’ means the Director 
of the Office of Management and Budget; 
(6) the term ‘‘intelligence community’’ has 
the meaning given the term in section 3(4) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4)); and 
(7) the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Sec-
retary of Homeland Security. 
SEC. 203. IMPROVED FEDERAL NETWORK SECU-
RITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle C of title II of 
the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 141 et seq.) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating section 228 as section 
229; 
(2) by redesignating section 227 as sub-
section (c) of section 228, as added by para-graph (4), and adjusting the margins accord-ingly; 
(3) by redesignating the second section des-
ignated as section 226 (relating to the na-tional cybersecurity and communications in-tegration center) as section 227; 
(4) by inserting after section 227, as so re-
designated, the following: 
‘‘SEC. 228. CYBERSECURITY PLANS. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— 
‘‘(1) the term ‘agency information system’ 
means an information system used or oper-ated by an agency or by another entity on behalf of an agency; 
‘‘(2) the terms ‘cybersecurity risk’ and ‘in-
formation system’ have the meanings given those terms in section 227; 
‘‘(3) the term ‘information sharing and 
analysis organization’ has the meaning given the term in section 212(5); and 
‘‘(4) the term ‘intelligence community’ has 
the meaning given the term in section 3(4) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4)). 
‘‘(b) I
NTRUSION ASSESSMENT PLAN.— 
‘‘(1) R EQUIREMENT .—The Secretary, in co-
ordination with the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, shall develop and 
implement an intrusion assessment plan to identify and remove intruders in agency in-formation systems. 
‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—The intrusion assessment 
plan required under paragraph (1) shall not apply to the Department of Defense or an element of the intelligence community.’’; 
(5) in section 228(c), as so redesignated, by 
striking ‘‘section 226’’ and inserting ‘‘section 227’’; and 
(6) by inserting after section 229, as so re-
designated, the following: 
‘‘SEC. 230. FEDERAL INTRUSION DETECTION AND 
PREVENTION SYSTEM. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— 
‘‘(1) the term ‘agency’ has the meaning 
given that term in section 3502 of title 44, United States Code; 
‘‘(2) the term ‘agency information’ means 
information collected or maintained by or on behalf of an agency; 
‘‘(3) the term ‘agency information system’ 
has the meaning given the term in section 228; and 
‘‘(4) the terms ‘cybersecurity risk’ and ‘in-
formation system’ have the meanings given those terms in section 227. 
‘‘(b) R
EQUIREMENT .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year 
after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall deploy, operate, and maintain, to make available for use by any agency, with or without reimbursement— 
‘‘(A) a capability to detect cybersecurity 
risks in network traffic transiting or trav-eling to or from an agency information sys-tem; and 
‘‘(B) a capability to prevent network traf-
fic associated with such cybersecurity risks from transiting or traveling to or from an agency information system or modify such network traffic to remove the cybersecurity risk. 
‘‘(2) R
EGULAR IMPROVEMENT .—The Sec-
retary shall regularly deploy new tech-nologies and modify existing technologies to the intrusion detection and prevention capa-bilities described in paragraph (1) as appro-priate to improve the intrusion detection and prevention capabilities. 
‘‘(c) A
CTIVITIES .—In carrying out sub-
section (b), the Secretary— 
‘‘(1) may access, and the head of an agency 
may disclose to the Secretary or a private entity providing assistance to the Secretary under paragraph (2), information transiting or traveling to or from an agency informa-tion system, regardless of the location from which the Secretary or a private entity pro-viding assistance to the Secretary under paragraph (2) accesses such information, not-withstanding any other provision of law that would otherwise restrict or prevent the head of an agency from disclosing such informa-tion to the Secretary or a private entity pro-viding assistance to the Secretary under paragraph (2); 
‘‘(2) may enter into contracts or other 
agreements with, or otherwise request and obtain the assistance of, private entities to deploy and operate technologies in accord-ance with subsection (b); 
‘‘(3) may retain, use, and disclose informa-
tion obtained through the conduct of activi-ties authorized under this section only to protect information and information sys-tems from cybersecurity risks; 
‘‘(4) shall regularly assess through oper-
ational test and evaluation in real world or simulated environments available advanced protective technologies to improve detection and prevention capabilities, including com-mercial and non-commercial technologies and detection technologies beyond signa-ture-based detection, and utilize such tech-nologies when appropriate; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05AU6.055 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6417 August 5, 2015 
‘‘(5) shall establish a pilot to acquire, test, 
and deploy, as rapidly as possible, tech-nologies described in paragraph (4); 
‘‘(6) shall periodically update the privacy 
impact assessment required under section 208(b) of the E-Government Act of 2002 (44 U.S.C. 3501 note); and 
‘‘(7) shall ensure that— ‘‘(A) activities carried out under this sec-
tion are reasonably necessary for the pur-pose of protecting agency information and agency information systems from a cyberse-curity risk; 
‘‘(B) information accessed by the Secretary 
will be retained no longer than reasonably necessary for the purpose of protecting agen-cy information and agency information sys-tems from a cybersecurity risk; 
‘‘(C) notice has been provided to users of an 
agency information system concerning ac-cess to communications of users of the agen-cy information system for the purpose of protecting agency information and the agen-cy information system; and 
‘‘(D) the activities are implemented pursu-
ant to policies and procedures governing the operation of the intrusion detection and pre-vention capabilities. 
‘‘(d) P
RIVATE ENTITIES .— 
‘‘(1) C ONDITIONS .—A private entity de-
scribed in subsection (c)(2) may not— 
‘‘(A) disclose any network traffic 
transiting or traveling to or from an agency information system to any entity without the consent of the Department or the agency that disclosed the information under sub-section (c)(1); or 
‘‘(B) use any network traffic transiting or 
traveling to or from an agency information system to which the private entity gains ac-cess in accordance with this section for any purpose other than to protect agency infor-mation and agency information systems against cybersecurity risks or to administer a contract or other agreement entered into pursuant to subsection (c)(2) or as part of an-other contract with the Secretary. 
‘‘(2) L
IMITATION ON LIABILITY .—No cause of 
action shall lie in any court against a pri-vate entity for assistance provided to the Secretary in accordance with this section and any contract or agreement entered into pursuant to subsection (c)(2). 
‘‘(3) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
paragraph (2) shall be construed to authorize an Internet service provider to break a user agreement with a customer without the con-sent of the customer. 
‘‘(e) A
TTORNEY GENERAL REVIEW .—Not 
later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, the Attorney General shall review the policies and guidelines for the program carried out under this section to en-sure that the policies and guidelines are con-sistent with applicable law governing the ac-quisition, interception, retention, use, and disclosure of communications.’’. 
(b) P
RIORITIZING ADVANCED SECURITY  
TOOLS.—The Director and the Secretary, in 
consultation with appropriate agencies, shall— 
(1) review and update governmentwide 
policies and programs to ensure appropriate prioritization and use of network security monitoring tools within agency networks; and 
(2) brief appropriate congressional commit-
tees on such prioritization and use. 
(c) A
GENCY RESPONSIBILITIES .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (2)— 
(A) not later than 1 year after the date of 
enactment of this Act or 2 months after the date on which the Secretary makes available the intrusion detection and prevention capa-bilities under section 230(b)(1) of the Home-land Security Act of 2002, as added by sub-section (a), whichever is later, the head of each agency shall apply and continue to uti-
lize the capabilities to all information trav-eling between an agency information system and any information system other than an agency information system; and 
(B) not later than 6 months after the date 
on which the Secretary makes available im-provements to the intrusion detection and prevention capabilities pursuant to section 230(b)(2) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by subsection (a), the head of each agency shall apply and continue to uti-lize the improved intrusion detection and prevention capabilities. 
(2) E
XCEPTION .—The requirements under 
paragraph (1) shall not apply to the Depart-ment of Defense or an element of the intel-ligence community. 
(d) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS AMENDMENT .—The 
table of contents in section 1(b) of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 note) is amended by striking the items relating to the first section designated as section 226, the second section designated as section 226 (relating to the national cybersecurity and communications integration center), section 227, and section 228 and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘Sec. 226. Cybersecurity recruitment and re-
tention. 
‘‘Sec. 227. National cybersecurity and com-
munications integration center. 
‘‘Sec. 228. Cybersecurity plans. ‘‘Sec. 229. Clearances. ‘‘Sec. 230. Federal intrusion detection and 
prevention system.’’. 
SEC. 204. ADVANCED INTERNAL DEFENSES. 
(a) A DVANCED NETWORK SECURITY TOOLS.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall in-
clude in the Continuous Diagnostics and Mitigation Program advanced network secu-rity tools to improve visibility of network activity, including through the use of com-mercial and free or open source tools, to de-tect and mitigate intrusions and anomalous activity. 
(2) D
EVELOPMENT OF PLAN .—The Director 
shall develop and implement a plan to ensure that each agency utilizes advanced network security tools, including those described in paragraph (1), to detect and mitigate intru-sions and anomalous activity. 
(b) I
MPROVED METRICS .—The Secretary, in 
collaboration with the Director, shall review and update the metrics used to measure se-curity under section 3554 of title 44, United States Code, to include measures of intru-sion and incident detection and response times. 
(c) T
RANSPARENCY AND ACCOUNTABILITY .— 
The Director, in consultation with the Sec-retary, shall increase transparency to the public on agency cybersecurity posture, in-cluding by increasing the number of metrics available on Federal Government perform-ance websites and, to the greatest extent practicable, displaying metrics for depart-ment components, small agencies, and micro agencies. 
(d) M
AINTENANCE OF TECHNOLOGIES .—Sec-
tion 3553(b)(6)(B) of title 44, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘, operating, and maintaining’’ after ‘‘deploying’’. 
SEC. 205. FEDERAL CYBERSECURITY REQUIRE-
MENTS. 
(a) I MPLEMENTATION OF FEDERAL CYBERSE -
CURITY STANDARDS .—Consistent with section 
3553 of title 44, United States Code, the Sec-retary, in consultation with the Director, shall exercise the authority to issue binding operational directives to assist the Director in ensuring timely agency adoption of and compliance with policies and standards pro-mulgated under section 11331 of title 40, United States Code, for securing agency in-formation systems. 
(b) C
YBERSECURITY REQUIREMENTS AT AGEN-
CIES.— (1) I N GENERAL .—Consistent with policies, 
standards, guidelines, and directives on in-formation security under subchapter II of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, and the standards and guidelines promul-gated under section 11331 of title 40, United States Code, and except as provided in para-graph (2), not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the head of each agency shall— 
(A) identify sensitive and mission critical 
data stored by the agency consistent with the inventory required under the first sub-section (c) (relating to the inventory of major information systems) and the second subsection (c) (relating to the inventory of information systems) of section 3505 of title 44, United States Code; 
(B) assess access controls to the data de-
scribed in subparagraph (A), the need for readily accessible storage of the data, and in-dividuals’ need to access the data; 
(C) encrypt or otherwise render indecipher-
able to unauthorized users the data described in subparagraph (A) that is stored on or transiting agency information systems; 
(D) implement a single sign-on trusted 
identity platform for individuals accessing each public website of the agency that re-quires user authentication, as developed by the Administrator of General Services in col-laboration with the Secretary; and 
(E) implement identity management con-
sistent with section 504 of the Cybersecurity Enhancement Act of 2014 (15 U.S.C. 7464), in-cluding multi-factor authentication, for— 
(i) remote access to an agency information 
system; and 
(ii) each user account with elevated privi-
leges on an agency information system. 
(2) E
XCEPTION .—The requirements under 
paragraph (1) shall not apply to— 
(A) the Department of Defense or an ele-
ment of the intelligence community; or 
(B) an agency information system for 
which— 
(i) the head of the agency has personally 
certified to the Director with particularity that— 
(I) operational requirements articulated in 
the certification and related to the agency information system would make it exces-sively burdensome to implement the cyber-security requirement; 
(II) the cybersecurity requirement is not 
necessary to secure the agency information system or agency information stored on or transiting it; and 
(III) the agency has all taken necessary 
steps to secure the agency information sys-tem and agency information stored on or transiting it; and 
(ii) the head of the agency or the designee 
of the head of the agency has submitted the certification described in clause (i) to the ap-
propriate congressional committees and the authorizing committees of the agency. 
(3) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section shall be construed— 
(A) to alter the authority of the Secretary, 
the Director, or the Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology in im-plementing subchapter II of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code; 
(B) to affect the National Institute of 
Standards and Technology standards process or the requirement under section 3553(a)(4) of title 44, United States Code; or 
(C) to discourage continued improvements 
and advancements in the technology, stand-ards, policies, and guidelines used to pro-mote Federal information security. 
SEC. 206. ASSESSMENT; REPORTS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— 
(1) the term ‘‘intrusion assessments’’ 
means actions taken under the intrusion as-sessment plan to identify and remove intrud-ers in agency information systems; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05AU6.056 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6418 August 5, 2015 
(2) the term ‘‘intrusion assessment plan’’ 
means the plan required under section 228(b)(1) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by section 203(a) of this Act; and 
(3) the term ‘‘intrusion detection and pre-
vention capabilities’’ means the capabilities required under section 230(b) of the Home-land Security Act of 2002, as added by section 203(a) of this Act. 
(b) T
HIRD PARTY ASSESSMENT .—Not later 
than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Government Accountability Of-fice shall conduct a study and publish a re-port on the effectiveness of the approach and strategy of the Federal Government to se-curing agency information systems, includ-ing the intrusion detection and prevention capabilities and the intrusion assessment plan. 
(c) R
EPORTS TO CONGRESS .— 
(1) I NTRUSION DETECTION AND PREVENTION  
CAPABILITIES .— 
(A) S ECRETARY OF HOMELAND SECURITY RE -
PORT .—Not later than 6 months after the 
date of enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a re-port on the status of implementation of the intrusion detection and prevention capabili-ties, including— 
(i) a description of privacy controls; (ii) a description of the technologies and 
capabilities utilized to detect cybersecurity risks in network traffic, including the extent to which those technologies and capabilities include existing commercial and non-com-mercial technologies; 
(iii) a description of the technologies and 
capabilities utilized to prevent network traf-fic associated with cybersecurity risks from transiting or traveling to or from agency in-formation systems, including the extent to which those technologies and capabilities in-clude existing commercial and non-commer-cial technologies; 
(iv) a list of the types of indicators or 
other identifiers or techniques used to detect cybersecurity risks in network traffic transiting or traveling to or from agency in-formation systems on each iteration of the intrusion detection and prevention capabili-ties and the number of each such type of in-dicator, identifier, and technique; 
(v) the number of instances in which the 
intrusion detection and prevention capabili-ties detected a cybersecurity risk in network traffic transiting or traveling to or from agency information systems and the number of times the intrusion detection and preven-tion capabilities blocked network traffic as-sociated with cybersecurity risk; and 
(vi) a description of the pilot established 
under section 230(c)(5) of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002, as added by section 203(a) of this Act, including the number of new tech-nologies tested and the number of partici-pating agencies. 
(B) OMB 
REPORT .—Not later than 18 
months after the date of enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Director shall submit to Congress, as part of the re-port required under section 3553(c) of title 44, United States Code, an analysis of agency application of the intrusion detection and prevention capabilities, including— 
(i) a list of each agency and the degree to 
which each agency has applied the intrusion detection and prevention capabilities to an agency information system; and 
(ii) a list by agency of— (I) the number of instances in which the in-
trusion detection and prevention capabilities detected a cybersecurity risk in network traffic transiting or traveling to or from an agency information system and the types of indicators, identifiers, and techniques used to detect such cybersecurity risks; and (II) the number of instances in which the 
intrusion detection and prevention capabili-ties prevented network traffic associated with a cybersecurity risk from transiting or traveling to or from an agency information system and the types of indicators, identi-fiers, and techniques used to detect such 
agency information systems. 
(2) OMB 
REPORT ON DEVELOPMENT AND IM -
PLEMENTATION OF INTRUSION ASSESSMENT  
PLAN , ADVANCED INTERNAL DEFENSES , AND 
FEDERAL CYBERSECURITY BEST PRACTICES .— 
The Director shall— 
(A) not later than 6 months after the date 
of enactment of this Act, and 30 days after any update thereto, submit the intrusion as-sessment plan to the appropriate congres-sional committees; 
(B) not later than 1 year after the date of 
enactment of this Act, and annually there-after, submit to Congress, as part of the re-port required under section 3553(c) of title 44, United States Code— 
(i) a description of the implementation of 
the intrusion assessment plan; 
(ii) the findings of the intrusion assess-
ments conducted pursuant to the intrusion assessment plan; 
(iii) advanced network security tools in-
cluded in the Continuous Diagnostics and Mitigation Program pursuant to section 204(a)(1); 
(iv) the results of the assessment of the 
Secretary of best practices for Federal cy-bersecurity pursuant to section 205(a); and 
(v) a list by agency of compliance with the 
requirements of section 205(b); and 
(C) not later than 1 year after the date of 
enactment of this Act, submit to the appro-priate congressional committees— 
(i) a copy of the plan developed pursuant to 
section 204(a)(2); and 
(ii) the improved metrics developed pursu-
ant to section 204(b). 
SEC. 207. TERMINATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The authority provided 
under section 230 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by section 203(a) of this Act, and the reporting requirements under section 206(c) shall terminate on the date that is 7 years after the date of enactment of this Act. 
(b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
subsection (a) shall be construed to affect the limitation of liability of a private entity for assistance provided to the Secretary under section 230(d)(2) of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002, as added by section 203(a) of this Act, if such assistance was rendered be-fore the termination date under subsection (a) or otherwise during a period in which the assistance was authorized. 
SEC. 208. IDENTIFICATION OF INFORMATION SYS-
TEMS RELATING TO NATIONAL SE-CURITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in 
subsection (c), not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act— 
(1) the Director of National Intelligence, in 
coordination with the heads of other agen-cies, shall— 
(A) identify all unclassified information 
systems that provide access to information that may provide an adversary with the abil-ity to derive information that would other-wise be considered classified; 
(B) assess the risks that would result from 
the breach of each unclassified information system identified in subparagraph (A); and 
(C) assess the cost and impact on the mis-
sion carried out by each agency that owns an unclassified information system identified in subparagraph (A) if the system were to be subsequently designated as a national secu-rity system, as defined in section 11103 of title 40, United States Code; and 
(2) the Director of National Intelligence 
shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees, the Select Committee on 
Intelligence of the Senate, and the Perma-nent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives a report that in-cludes the findings under paragraph (1). 
(b) F
ORM.—The report submitted under 
subsection (a)(2) shall be in unclassified form, and shall include a classified annex. 
(c) E
XCEPTION .—The requirements under 
subsection (a)(1) shall not apply to the De-partment of Defense or an element of the in-telligence community. 
SEC. 209. DIRECTION TO AGENCIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3553 of title 44, 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(h) D
IRECTION TO AGENCIES .— 
‘‘(1) A UTHORITY .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph 
(B), in response to a known or reasonably suspected information security threat, vul-nerability, or incident that represents a sub-stantial threat to the information security of an agency, the Secretary may issue an emergency directive to the head of an agency to take any lawful action with respect to the operation of the information system, includ-ing such systems owned or operated by an-other entity on behalf of an agency, that col-lects, processes, stores, transmits, dissemi-nates, or otherwise maintains agency infor-mation, for the purpose of protecting the in-formation system from, or mitigating, an in-formation security threat. 
‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—The authorities of the 
Secretary under this subsection shall not apply to a system described in paragraph (2) or (3) of subsection (e). 
‘‘(2) P
ROCEDURES FOR USE OF AUTHORITY .— 
The Secretary shall— 
‘‘(A) in coordination with the Director, es-
tablish procedures governing the cir-cumstances under which a directive may be issued under this subsection, which shall in-clude— 
‘‘(i) thresholds and other criteria; ‘‘(ii) privacy and civil liberties protections; 
and 
‘‘(iii) providing notice to potentially af-
fected third parties; 
‘‘(B) specify the reasons for the required 
action and the duration of the directive; 
‘‘(C) minimize the impact of a directive 
under this subsection by— 
‘‘(i) adopting the least intrusive means 
possible under the circumstances to secure the agency information systems; and 
‘‘(ii) limiting directives to the shortest pe-
riod practicable; 
‘‘(D) notify the Director and the head of 
any affected agency immediately upon the issuance of a directive under this subsection; 
‘‘(E) consult with the Director of the Na-
tional Institute of Standards and Technology regarding any directive issued under this subsection that implements standards and guidelines developed by the National Insti-tute of Standards and Technology; 
‘‘(F) ensure that directives issued under 
this subsection do not conflict with the standards and guidelines issued under sec-tion 11331 of title 40; 
‘‘(G) consider any applicable standards or 
guidelines developed by the National Insti-tute of Standards and issued by the Sec-retary of Commerce under section 11331 of title 40; and 
‘‘(H) not later than February 1 of each 
year, submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a report regarding the specific actions the Secretary has taken pur-suant to paragraph (1)(A). 
‘‘(3) I
MMINENT THREATS .— 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 
3554, the Secretary may authorize the use of protective capabilities under the control of the Secretary for communications or other 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05AU6.056 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6419 August 5, 2015 
system traffic transiting to or from or stored 
on an agency information system for the purpose of ensuring the security of the infor-mation or information system or other agen-cy information systems, if— 
‘‘(i) the Secretary determines that there is 
an imminent threat to agency information systems; 
‘‘(ii) the Secretary determines that a direc-
tive issued under subsection (b)(2)(C) or para-graph (1)(A) is not reasonably likely to re-sult in a timely response to the threat; 
‘‘(iii) the Secretary determines that the 
risk posed by the imminent threat outweighs any adverse consequences reasonably ex-
pected to result from the use of protective capabilities under the control of the Sec-retary; 
‘‘(iv) the Secretary provides prior notice to 
the Director and the head and chief informa-tion officer (or equivalent official) of each agency to which specific actions will be taken pursuant to this subparagraph, and no-tifies the appropriate congressional commit-tees and authorizing committees of each such agencies within 7 days of taking an ac-tion under this subparagraph, of— 
‘‘(I) any action taken under this subpara-
graph; and 
‘‘(II) the reasons for and duration and na-
ture of the action; 
‘‘(v) the action of the Secretary is con-
sistent with applicable law; and 
‘‘(vi) the Secretary authorizes the use of 
protective capabilities in accordance with the advance procedures established under subparagraph (C). 
‘‘(B) L
IMITATION ON DELEGATION .—The au-
thority under subparagraph (A) may not be delegated by the Secretary. 
‘‘(C) A
DVANCE PROCEDURES .—The Secretary 
shall, in coordination with the Director and in consultation with the heads of agencies, establish procedures governing the cir-cumstances under which the Secretary may authorize the use of protective capabilities under subparagraph (A). The Secretary shall submit the procedures to Congress. 
‘‘(4) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary may di-
rect or authorize lawful action or protective capability under this subsection only to— 
‘‘(A) protect agency information from un-
authorized access, use, disclosure, disrup-tion, modification, or destruction; or 
‘‘(B) require the remediation of or protect 
against identified information security risks with respect to— 
‘‘(i) information collected or maintained 
by or on behalf of an agency; or 
‘‘(ii) that portion of an information system 
used or operated by an agency or by a con-tractor of an agency or other organization on behalf of an agency. 
‘‘(i) A
NNUAL REPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not 
later than February 1 of each year, the Di-rector shall submit to the appropriate con-gressional committees a report regarding the specific actions the Director has taken pur-suant to subsection (a)(5), including any ac-tions taken pursuant to section 11303(b)(5) of title 40. 
‘‘(j) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—In this section, the term ‘appropriate 
congressional committees’ means— 
‘‘(1) the Committee on Appropriations, the 
Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs, and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; and 
‘‘(2) the Committee on Appropriations, the 
Committee on Homeland Security, the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form, and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representa-tives.’’. 
(b) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—Section 
3554(a)(1)(B) of title 44, United States Code, is amended— (1) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the 
end; and 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(v) 
emergency directives issued by the Sec-retary under section 3553(h); and’’. 
‘‘(v) emergency directives issued by the 
Secretary under section 3553(h); and’’. 
SA 2628. Mr. WYDEN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, to improve cyber-security in the United States through enhanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. RECONSIDERATION OF PROPOSED 
RULE ON IMPLEMENTATION OF WASSENAAR ARRANGEMENT 2013 PLENARY AGREEMENTS RELATING TO INTRUSION AND SURVEILLANCE ITEMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 15 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Commerce shall— 
(1) review, and consider public comments 
received with respect to, the proposed rule of the Bureau of Industry and Security, enti-tled ‘‘Wassenaar Arrangement 2013 Plenary Agreements Implementation: Intrusion and Surveillance Items’’ and published on May 20, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 28,853); and 
(2) revise the proposed rule in accordance 
with subsection (b). 
(b) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR REVISED RULE.—In 
revising the proposed rule described in sub-section (a)(1), the Secretary shall— 
(1) develop the revisions in close consulta-
tion with civil society organizations, includ-ing privacy advocates, public and private sector technologists, security researchers, and public and private sector software devel-opers; 
(2) ensure that the proposed rule is— (A) limited to the scope of the agreements 
reached at the plenary meeting of the Wassenaar Arrangement on Export Controls for Conventional Arms and Dual-Use Goods and Technologies in December 2013; and 
(B) consistent with the regulation of cyber-
security items by other countries partici-pating in the Wassenaar Arrangement, as ap-propriate; 
(3) exclude cybersecurity items available 
for mass-market purchase from regulation under the proposed rule; and 
(4) ensure that, before issuing a final rule— (A) the proposed rule is available for public 
comment for not less than 60 days; and 
(B) a public hearing is held on the proposed 
rule. 
(c) R
EGULATORY IMPACT ANALYSIS .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than one year 
after issuing a final rule based on the pro-posed rule described in subsection (a)(1) and revised in accordance with subsection (b), the Secretary shall conduct a regulatory im-pact analysis of the effects of the rule on the development and export of cybersecurity items. 
(2) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The Secretary 
shall make the analysis required by para-graph (1) available to the public. 
SA 2629. Mr. GARDNER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, to improve cyber-security in the United States through enhanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: SEC. lll . REPORT ON ACCOUNTABILITY FOR 
THE DATA BREACH OF THE OFFICE OF PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: 
(1) A PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON -
GRESS .—The term ‘‘appropriate committees 
of Congress’’ means— 
(A) the Committee on Foreign Relations, 
the Select Committee on Intelligence, and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; and 
(B) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the 
Committee on Homeland Security, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 
(2) D
ATA BREACH .—The term ‘‘data breach’’ 
means the data breach of systems of the Of-fice of Personnel Management that occurred during fiscal year 2015 which resulted in the theft of sensitive information of at least 21,500,000 Federal employees and their fami-lies. 
(b) R
EQUIREMENT FOR REPORT .—Not later 
than 30 days after date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress and make available to the public a report that— 
(1) identifies the perpetrator, including any 
state sponsor, of the data breach; 
(2) includes a plan to impose penalties on 
such perpetrator under United States law; and 
(3) describes a strategy to initiate diplo-
matic discussions with any state sponsor of the data breach. 
(c) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-
section (a) shall include the following: 
(1) Identification of any individual perpe-
trator of the data breach, by name and na-tionality. 
(2) Identification of any state sponsor of 
the data breach, including each agency of the government of the state sponsor that was responsible for authorizing, performing, or endorsing the data breach. 
(3) A description of the actions proposed to 
penalize each individual identified under paragraph (1) under United States law. 
(4) The strategy required by subsection 
(a)(3) shall include— 
(A) a description of any action the Presi-
dent has undertaken to initiate or carry out diplomatic discussions with any state spon-sor identified under paragraph (2); and 
(B) a strategy to initiate or carry out dip-
lomatic discussions in high-level forums and interactions during the 180-day period begin-ning on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 2630. Mr. GARDNER submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, to improve cyber-security in the United States through enhanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . BIENNIAL CYBER REVIEW. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT FOR REVIEW .—Beginning 
in 2016 and not less frequently than once every two years thereafter, the President shall complete a review of the cyber posture of the United States, including an unclassi-fied summary of roles, missions, accomplish-ments, plans, and programs. 
(b) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of each such 
review are— 
(1) to assess the cyber security of the 
United States; 
(2) to determine and express the cyber 
strategy of the United States; and 
(3) to establish a revised cyber program for 
the next 2-year period. 
(c) C ONTENT .—Each review required by sub-
section (a) shall include— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05AU6.056 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6420 August 5, 2015 
(1) a comprehensive examination of the 
cyber strategy, force structure, personnel, modernization plans, infrastructure, and budget plan of the United States; 
(2) an assessment of the ability of the 
United States to recover from a cyber emer-gency; 
(3) an assessment of other elements of the 
cyber program of the United States; 
(4) an assessment of critical national secu-
rity infrastructure and data that is vulner-able to cyberattacks and cybertheft; and 
(5) an assessment of international engage-
ment efforts to establish viable norms of be-havior in cyberspace to implement the 2011 International Strategy for Cyberspace. 
(d) I
NVOLVEMENT OF CYBERSECURITY ADVI-
SORY PANEL .— 
(1) R EQUIREMENT TO INFORM .—The Presi-
dent shall inform the Cybersecurity Advi-sory Panel established or designated under section lll , on an ongoing basis, of the ac-
tions carried out to conduct each review re-quired by subsection (a). 
(2) A
SSESSMENT PRIOR TO COMPLETION OF  
REVIEW .—Not later than 1 year prior to the 
date of completion of each review required 
by subsection (a), the Chairman of the Cy-bersecurity Advisory Panel shall submit to the President, the assessment of such Panel of actions carried out to conduct the review as of the date of the submission, including any recommendations of the Panel for im-provements to the review or for additional matters to be covered in the review. 
(3) A
SSESSMENT OF COMPLETED REVIEW .—At 
the time each review required by subsection (a) is completed and in time to be included in a report required by subsection (d), the Chairman of the Cybersecurity Advisory Panel shall submit to the President, on be-half of the Panel, an assessment of such re-view. 
(e) R
EPORT .—Not later than September 30, 
2016, and not less frequently than once every two years thereafter, the President shall submit to Congress a comprehensive report on each review required by subsection (a). Each report shall include— 
(1) the results of the review, including a 
comprehensive discussion of the cyber strat-egy of the United States and the collabora-tion between the public and private sectors best suited to implement that strategy; 
(2) a description of the threats examined 
for purposes of the review and the scenarios developed in the examination of such threats; 
(3) the assumptions used in the review, in-
cluding assumptions relating to the coopera-tion of other countries and levels of accept-able risk; and 
(4) the assessment of the Cybersecurity Ad-
visory Panel submitted under subsection (c)(3). 
SEC. lll . CYBERSECURITY ADVISORY PANEL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President shall es-
tablish or designate a Cybersecurity Advi-sory Panel. 
(b) A
PPOINTMENT .—The President— 
(1) shall appoint as members of the Cyber-
security Advisory Panel representatives of industry, academic, nonprofit organizations, interest groups, and advocacy organizations, and State and local governments who are qualified to provide advice and information on cybersecurity research, development, demonstrations, education, personnel, tech-nology transfer, commercial application, or societal and civil liberty concerns; 
(2) shall appoint a Chairman of the Panel 
from among the members of the Panel; and 
(3) may seek and give consideration to rec-
ommendations for appointments to the Panel from Congress, industry, the cyberse-curity community, the defense community, State and local governments, and other ap-propriate organizations. (c) D
UTIES .—The Cybersecurity Advisory 
Panel shall advise the President on matters relating to the national cybersecurity pro-gram and strategy and shall assess— 
(1) trends and developments in cybersecu-
rity science research and development; 
(2) progress made in implementing the 
strategy; 
(3) the need to revise the strategy; (4) the readiness and capacity of the Fed-
eral and national workforces to implement the national cybersecurity program and strategy, and the steps necessary to improve workforce readiness and capacity; 
(5) the balance among the components of 
the national strategy, including funding for program components; 
(6) whether the strategy, priorities, and 
goals are helping to maintain United States leadership and defense in cybersecurity; 
(7) the management, coordination, imple-
mentation, and activities of the strategy; 
(8) whether the concerns of Federal, State, 
and local law enforcement entities are ade-quately addressed; and 
(9) whether societal and civil liberty con-
cerns are adequately addressed. 
(d) R
EPORTS .—Not less frequently than 
once every 4 years, the Cybersecurity Advi-sory Panel shall submit to the President a report on its assessments under subsection (c) and its recommendations for ways to im-prove the strategy. 
(e) T
RAVEL EXPENSES OF NON-FEDERAL  
MEMBERS .—Non-Federal members of the Cy-
bersecurity Advisory Panel, while attending meetings of the Panel or while otherwise serving at the request of the head of the Panel while away from their homes or reg-ular places of business, may be allowed trav-el expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, as authorized by section 5703 of title 5, United States Code, for individuals in the Government serving without pay. Noth-ing in this subsection shall be construed to prohibit members of the Panel who are offi-cers or employees of the United States from being allowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, in accordance with law. 
(f) E
XEMPTION FROM FACA S UNSET .—Sec-
tion 14 of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the Cy-bersecurity Advisory Panel. 
SA 2631. Mr. GARDNER (for himself 
and Mr. C ARDIN ) submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, to improve cybersecu-rity in the United States through en-hanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. lll . DEPARTMENT OF STATE INTER-
NATIONAL CYBERSPACE POLICY STRATEGY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall produce a com-prehensive strategy relating to United States international policy with regard to cyberspace. 
(b) E
LEMENTS .—The strategy required by 
subsection (a) shall include the following: 
(1) A review of actions and activities un-
dertaken by the Secretary of State to date to support the goal of the President’s Inter-national Strategy for Cyberspace, released in May 2011, to ‘‘work internationally to pro-mote an open, interoperable, secure, and reli-able information and communications infra-structure that supports international trade and commerce, strengthens international se-curity, and fosters free expression and inno-
vation.’’. 
(2) A plan of action to guide the diplomacy 
of the Secretary of State, with regard to for-eign countries, including conducting bilat-eral and multilateral activities to develop the norms of responsible international be-havior in cyberspace, and status review of existing discussions in multilateral fora to obtain agreements on international norms in cyberspace. 
(3) A review of the alternative concepts 
with regard to international norms in cyber-space offered by foreign countries that are prominent actors, including China, Russia, Brazil, and India. 
(4) A detailed description of threats to 
United States national security in cyber-space from foreign countries, state-spon-sored actors, and private actors to Federal and private sector infrastructure of the United States, intellectual property in the United States, and the privacy of citizens of the United States. 
(5) A review of policy tools available to the 
President to deter foreign countries, state- sponsored actors, and private actors, includ-ing those outlined in Executive Order 13694, released on April 1, 2015. 
(6) A review of resources required by the 
Secretary, including the Office of the Coordi-nator for Cyber Issues, to conduct activities to build responsible norms of international cyber behavior. 
(c) C
ONSULTATION .—In preparing the strat-
egy required by subsection (a), the Secretary of State shall consult, as appropriate, with other agencies and departments of the United States and the private sector and nongovernmental organizations in the United States with recognized credentials and expertise in foreign policy, national se-curity, and cybersecurity. 
(d) F
ORM OF STRATEGY .—The strategy re-
quired by subsection (a) shall be in unclassi-fied form, but may include a classified annex. 
(e) A
VAILABILITY OF INFORMATION .—The 
Secretary of State shall— 
(1) make the strategy required in sub-
section (a) available the public; and 
(2) brief the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representa-tives on the strategy, including any material contained in a classified annex. 
SA 2632. Mr. TESTER (for himself 
and Mr. F RANKEN ) submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, to improve cyber-security in the United States through enhanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 40, between lines 12 and 13, insert 
the following: 
(i) The number of cyber threat indicators 
and defensive measures shared under this Act, including a breakdown of— 
(I) the total number of cyber threat indica-
tors shared through the capability described in section 5(c); 
(II) a good faith estimate of the number of 
cyber threat indicators shared by entities with civilian Federal entities through capa-bilities other than those described in section 5(c); 
(III) a good faith estimate of the number of 
cyber threat indicators shared by entities with military Federal entities through capa-bilities other than those described in section 5(c); 
(IV) the number of times personal informa-
tion or information that identifies a specific 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05AU6.060 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6421 August 5, 2015 
person was removed from a cyber threat in-
dicator shared under section 5(c); 
(V) an assessment of the extent to which 
personal information or information that identifies a specific person was shared under this Act though such information was not necessary to describe or mitigate a cyberse-curity threat or security vulnerability; 
(VI) a report on any known harms caused 
by any defensive measure operated or shared under the authority of this Act; 
(VII) the total number of times that infor-
mation shared under this Act was used to prevent, investigate, disrupt, or prosecute any offense under title 18, United States Code, including an offense under section 1028, 1028A, or 1029, or chapter 37or 90 of such title 18; and 
(VIII) the total number of times that infor-
mation shared under this Act was used to prevent, investigate, disrupt, or prosecute a terrorism offense under chapter 113B of title 18, United States Code. 
SA 2633. Ms. AYOTTE (for Mr. G RA-
HAM) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by Ms. A YOTTE to 
the bill S. 754, to improve cybersecu-rity in the United States through en-hanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of section 9, add the following: 
(f) A SSESSMENT .—The report required 
under subsection (a) shall include an assess-ment of the implications of the Memo-randum Opinion for the Assistant Attorney General dated September 20, 2011, for cyber-security, including the potential for thefts of personally identifiable information and for the creation of opportunities for organized crime and terrorist groups to generate rev-enue and launder money through related on-line activities; provided that the Department of Justice shall not follow such Opinion with respect to which activities are covered by section 1084 of title 18, United States Code, until 18 months after such report has been received and the President certifies to Con-gress that the Director of National Intel-ligence, the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Secretary of Home-land Security are in agreement that the Opinion will not increase the threat of thefts of personally identifiable information or the exploitation of online activities for criminal purposes, and that such agencies have suffi-cient resources and legal tools to protect consumers from such threat, and deter such criminal activities. 
SA 2634. Ms. AYOTTE (for Mr. G RA-
HAM) submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by Ms. A YOTTE to 
the bill S. 754, to improve cybersecu-rity in the United States through en-hanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. ll. RESTORATION OF AMERICA’S WIRE 
ACT. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be 
cited as the ‘‘Restoration of America’s Wire Act’’. 
(b) W
IREACTCLARIFICATION .—Section 1084 
of title 18, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘bets or wagers or informa-
tion assisting in the placing of bets or wa-gers on any sporting event or contest,’’ and inserting ‘‘any bet or wager, or information assisting in the placing of any bet or 
wager,’’; 
(B) by striking ‘‘result of bets or wagers’’ 
and inserting ‘‘result of any bet or wager’’; and 
(C) by striking ‘‘or for information assist-
ing in the placing of bets or wagers,’’; and 
(2) by striking subsection (e) and inserting 
the following: 
‘‘(e) As used in this section— 
‘‘(1) the term ‘bet or wager’ does not in-
clude any activities set forth in section 5362(1)(E) of title 31; 
‘‘(2) the term ‘State’ means a State of the 
United States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, or a com-monwealth, territory, or possession of the United States; 
‘‘(3) the term ‘uses a wire communication 
facility for the transmission in interstate or foreign commerce of any bet or wager’ in-cludes any transmission over the Internet carried interstate or in foreign commerce, incidentally or otherwise; and 
‘‘(4) the term ‘wire communication’ has the 
meaning given the term in section 3 of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 153).’’. 
(c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this section, or the amendments made by this section, shall be construed— 
(1) to preempt any State law prohibiting 
gambling; or 
(2) to alter, limit, or extend— (A) the relationship between the Interstate 
Horseracing Act of 1978 (15 U.S.C. 3001 et seq.) and other Federal laws in effect on the date of enactment of this Act; 
(B) the ability of a State licensed lottery 
(including in conjunction with its supplier) or State licensed retailer to make on-prem-ises retail lottery sales, including through a self-service retail lottery terminal, or to transmit information ancillary to such sales (including information relating to subscrip-tions or fulfillment of game play), in accord-ance with applicable Federal and State laws; 
(C) the ability of a State licensed gaming 
establishment or a tribal gaming establish-ment to transmit information assisting in the placing of a bet or wager on the physical premises of the establishment, in accordance with applicable Federal and State laws; or 
(D) the relationship between Federal laws 
and State charitable gaming laws. 
SA 2635. Mr. BROWN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, to improve cyber-security in the United States through enhanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 46, between lines 15 and 16, insert 
the following: 
(g) F INANCIAL SERVICES INFORMATION SHAR-
ING AND ANALYSIS CENTER .—As the sector- 
specific agency for the financial sector under Presidential Policy Directive–21, issued Feb-ruary 12, 2013, the Department of the Treas-ury shall collaborate with the private sector to— 
(1) facilitate membership of depository in-
stitutions (as defined in section 19(b)(1) of the Federal Reserve Act (12 U.S.C. 461(b)(1))) that have not more than $10,000,000,000 in total consolidated assets (in this subsection referred to as ‘‘small depository institu-tions’’) in the Financial Services Informa-tion Sharing and Analysis Center at no cost to the small depository institutions; and 
(2) ensure that the Financial Services In-
formation Sharing and Analysis Center pro-vides to its members that are small deposi-tory institutions information that is com-prehensible to and useable by small deposi-tory institutions. SA 2636. Mr. BROWN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, to improve cyber-security in the United States through enhanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 49, between lines 3 and 4, add the 
following: 
(n) R ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in 
this Act shall be construed to limit or mod-ify the authority of the appropriate Federal financial institutions regulatory agency (as defined in section 8(e)(7)(D) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1818(e)(7)(D))) to interpret, or take enforce-ment action under, any other provision of Federal law for the purposes of— 
(1) safety and soundness; or (2) consumer protection. 
SA 2637. Mr. BROWN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, to improve cyber-security in the United States through enhanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 12, after line 23, add the following: 
(d) C OLLABORATION BETWEEN INFORMATION  
SHARING AND ANALYSIS CENTERS .— 
(1) D EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— 
(A) the term ‘‘critical infrastructure sec-
tor’’ means any sector identified as a critical infrastructure sector in Presidential Policy Directive–21, issued February 12, 2013 (or any successor thereto); and 
(B) the term ‘‘Sector-Specific Agency’’ has 
the meaning given the term in Presidential Policy Directive–21, issued dated February 12, 2013 (or any successor thereto). 
(2) C
OLLABORATION .—The Sector-Specific 
Agencies associated with critical infrastruc-ture sectors shall facilitate collaboration be-tween the sector-specific information shar-ing and analysis centers to share cyber threat information across sectors. 
(3) F
INANCIAL SERVICES INFORMATION SHAR -
ING AND ANALYSIS CENTER .—As the head of 
the Sector-Specific Agency for the financial sector under Presidential Policy Directive– 21, issued February 12, 2013, the Secretary of the Treasury shall collaborate with the pri-vate sector to ensure that risks that may impact the financial sector are shared appro-priately with entities in the financial sector, which shall include facilitating information sharing between the Financial Services In-formation Sharing and Analysis Center and— 
(A) other information sharing and analysis 
centers; and 
(B) other information sharing and analysis 
organizations. 
SA 2638. Mr. BROWN submitted an 
amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 754, to improve cyber-security in the United States through enhanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-
lowing: 
SEC. llll . IMPROVED REGULATION AND EX-
AMINATION OF SERVICE PRO-VIDERS. 
(a) B ANKSERVICE COMPANY ACT.—Section 7 
of the Bank Service Company Act (12 U.S.C. 1867) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05AU6.060 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6422 August 5, 2015 
‘‘(e) R EQUIRED EXAMINATIONS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
paragraph (3), the appropriate Federal bank-ing agency shall, not less than once during each 12-month period, conduct a full-scope, on-site examination of each bank service company. 
‘‘(2) S
TATE EXAMINATIONS ACCEPTABLE .—Ex-
cept as provided in paragraph (3), the exami-nations required by paragraph (1) may be conducted in alternate 12-month periods, as appropriate, if the appropriate Federal bank-ing agency determines that an examination of the bank service company conducted by the State during the intervening 12-month period carries out the purpose of this sub-section. 
‘‘(3) 18-
MONTH RULE FOR CERTAIN BANK SERV -
ICE COMPANIES .—The examinations conducted 
under paragraphs (1) and (2) shall be con-ducted during an 18-month period, tailored as needed to align with a lengthened exam-ination cycle of a bank service company, if the appropriate Federal banking agency de-termines that a bank service company— 
‘‘(A) was well managed at the most recent 
examination of the bank service company; 
‘‘(B) is not subject to a formal enforcement 
proceeding or order by the appropriate Fed-eral banking agency (as of the date on which the determination is made); and 
‘‘(C) satisfies any other requirement that 
the appropriate Federal banking agency de-termines is appropriate. 
‘‘(4) A
UTHORITY TO CONDUCT MORE FREQUENT  
EXAMINATIONS .—Each appropriate Federal 
banking agency may examine any bank serv-ice company as frequently as the appropriate Federal banking agency determines is nec-essary.’’. 
(b) H
OME OWNERS ’ L OAN ACT.—Section 
5(d)(7) of the Home Owners’ Loan Act (12 U.S.C. 1464(d)(7)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(F) R
EQUIRED EXAMINATIONS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Except as provided in 
clause (iii), the appropriate Federal banking agency shall, not less than once during each 12-month period, conduct a full-scope, on- site examination of each service company. 
‘‘(ii) S
TATE EXAMINATIONS ACCEPTABLE .— 
Except as provided in clause (iii), the exami-nations required by clause (i) may be con-ducted in alternate 12-month periods, as ap-propriate, if the appropriate Federal banking agency determines that an examination of the service company conducted by the State during the intervening 12-month period car-ries out the purpose of this subparagraph. 
‘‘(iii) 18-
MONTH RULE FOR CERTAIN SERVICE  
COMPANIES .—The examinations conducted 
under clauses (i) and (ii) shall be conducted during an 18-month period, tailored as need-ed to align with a lengthened examination cycle of a service company, if the appro-priate Federal banking agency determines that a service company— 
‘‘(I) was well managed at the most recent 
examination of the service company; 
‘‘(II) is not subject to a formal enforcement 
proceeding or order by the appropriate Fed-eral banking agency (as of the date on which the determination is made); and 
‘‘(III) satisfies any other requirement that 
the appropriate Federal banking agency de-termines is necessary. 
‘‘(iv) A
UTHORITY TO CONDUCT MORE FRE -
QUENT EXAMINATIONS .—Each appropriate Fed-
eral banking agency may examine any serv-ice company as frequently as the appropriate Federal banking agency determines is nec-essary.’’. 
SA 2639. Mr. WHITEHOUSE proposed 
an amendment to the bill S. 1523, to amend the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to reauthorize the Na-tional Estuary Program, and for other 
purposes; as follows: 
On page 3, line 17, strike ‘‘$27,000,000’’ and 
insert ‘‘$26,000,000’’. 
f 
NOTICE OF INTENT TO OBJECT TO 
PROCEEDING 
I, Senator C HARLES E. G RASSLEY , in-
tend to object to proceeding to the ap-pointments of Bradley Duane Arsenault, Bret Thomas Campbell, Karen Stone Exel, Gloria Jean Gar-land, Michael H. Hryshchyshyn, Jr., Ying X. Hsu, Stephen S. Kelley, Mary Catherine Leherr, Denise G. Manning, Paul Karlis Markovs, Scott Currie McNiven, Hanh Ngoc Nguyen, Denise Frances O’Toole, Marisol E. Perez, Ronald F. Savage, Adam P. Schmidt, Anna Toness, Michael J. Torreano, Nicholas John Vivio, and Jamshed Zuberi to be Foreign Service Officers of Class Two, dated August 5, 2015. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
MEET 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Armed Services be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on August 5, 2015, at 9:30 a.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING , AND URBAN  
AFFAIRS  
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Au-gust 5, 2015, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘The Implications of Sanctions Relief Under The Iran Agree-ment.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON ENVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC  
WORKS  
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on August 5, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–406 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Finance be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on August 5, 2015. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations be author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on August 5, 2015, at 2 p.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Implica-tions of the JCPOA for U.S. Policy in the Middle East.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions be authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Au-gust 5, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–430 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Reau-thorizing the Higher Education Act: Opportunities to Improve Student Suc-cess.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on August 5, 2015, at 10 a.m., in room SD–106 of the Dirksen Senate Of-fice Building to conduct a hearing enti-tled ‘‘‘All’ Means ‘All’: the Justice De-partment’s Failure to Comply With Its Legal Obligation to Ensure Inspector General Access to All Records Needed for Independent Oversight.’’ 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR 
Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent for my State De-partment fellow, Tovan McDaniel, to be granted floor privileges for the re-mainder of this work period. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
GERARDO HERNANDEZ AIRPORT 
SECURITY ACT OF 2015 
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 163, H.R. 720. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 720) to improve intergovern-
mental planning for and communication dur-ing security incidents at domestic airports, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation, with an amendment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Gerardo Her-
nandez Airport Security Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
SSISTANT SECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Assist-
ant Secretary’’ means the Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security (Transportation Security) of the Department of Homeland Security. 
(2) A
DMINISTRATION .—The term ‘‘Administra-
tion’’ means the Transportation Security Ad-ministration. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A05AU6.062 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6423 August 5, 2015 
SEC. 3. SECURITY INCIDENT RESPONSE AT AIR-
PORTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Assistant Secretary 
shall, in consultation with other Federal agen-cies as appropriate, conduct outreach to all air-ports in the United States at which the Adminis-tration performs, or oversees the implementation and performance of, security measures, and pro-vide technical assistance as necessary, to verify such airports have in place individualized work-ing plans for responding to security incidents inside the perimeter of the airport, including ac-tive shooters, acts of terrorism, and incidents that target passenger-screening checkpoints. 
(b) T
YPES OF PLANS.—Such plans may in-
clude, but may not be limited to, the following: 
(1) A strategy for evacuating and providing 
care to persons inside the perimeter of the air-port, with consideration given to the needs of persons with disabilities. 
(2) A plan for establishing a unified command, 
including identification of staging areas for non-airport-specific law enforcement and fire response. 
(3) A schedule for regular testing of commu-
nications equipment used to receive emergency calls. 
(4) An evaluation of how emergency calls 
placed by persons inside the perimeter of the airport will reach airport police in an expedi-tious manner. 
(5) A practiced method and plan to commu-
nicate with travelers and all other persons in-side the perimeter of the airport. 
(6) To the extent practicable, a projected max-
imum timeframe for law enforcement response to active shooters, acts of terrorism, and incidents that target passenger security-screening check-points. 
(7) A schedule of joint exercises and training 
to be conducted by the airport, the Administra-tion, other stakeholders such as airport and air-line tenants, and any relevant law enforcement, airport police, fire, and medical personnel. 
(8) A schedule for producing after-action joint 
exercise reports to identify and determine how to improve security incident response capabili-ties. 
(9) A strategy, where feasible, for providing 
airport law enforcement with access to airport security video surveillance systems at category X airports where those systems were purchased and installed using Administration funds. 
(c) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Assistant Secretary shall report to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Sen-ate on the findings from its outreach to airports under subsection (a), including an analysis of the level of preparedness such airports have to respond to security incidents, including active shooters, acts of terrorism, and incidents that target passenger-screening checkpoints. 
SEC. 4. DISSEMINATING INFORMATION ON BEST 
PRACTICES. 
The Assistant Secretary shall— 
(1) identify best practices that exist across air-
ports for security incident planning, manage-ment, and training; and 
(2) establish a mechanism through which to 
share such best practices with other airport op-erators nationwide. 
SEC. 5. CERTIFICATION. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of enact-
ment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Assistant Secretary shall certify in writing to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate that all screening personnel have partici-pated in practical training exercises for active shooter scenarios. 
SEC. 6. REIMBURSABLE AGREEMENTS. 
Not later than 90 days after the enactment of 
this Act, the Assistant Secretary shall provide to the Committee on Homeland Security of the 
House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate an analysis of how the Administration can use cost savings achieved through effi-ciencies to increase over the next 5 fiscal years the funding available for checkpoint screening law enforcement support reimbursable agree-ments. 
SEC. 7. SECURITY INCIDENT RESPONSE FOR SUR-
FACE TRANSPORTATION SYSTEMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Assistant Secretary 
shall, in consultation with the Secretary of Transportation, and other relevant agencies, conduct outreach to all passenger transpor-tation agencies and providers with high-risk fa-cilities, as identified by the Assistant Secretary, to verify such agencies and providers have in place plans to respond to active shooters, acts of terrorism, or other security-related incidents that target passengers. 
(b) T
YPES OF PLANS.—As applicable, such 
plans may include, but may not be limited to, the following: 
(1) A strategy for evacuating and providing 
care to individuals, with consideration given to the needs of persons with disabilities. 
(2) A plan for establishing a unified command. (3) A plan for frontline employees to receive 
active shooter training. 
(4) A schedule for regular testing of commu-
nications equipment used to receive emergency calls. 
(5) An evaluation of how emergency calls 
placed by individuals using the transportation system will reach police in an expeditious man-ner. 
(6) A practiced method and plan to commu-
nicate with individuals using the transportation system. 
(c) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 180 
days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Assistant Secretary shall report to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Sen-ate on the findings from its outreach to the agencies and providers under subsection (a), in-cluding an analysis of the level of preparedness such transportation systems have to respond to security incidents. 
(d) D
ISSEMINATION OF BESTPRACTICES .—The 
Assistant Secretary shall identify best practices for security incident planning, management, and training and establish a mechanism through which to share such practices with pas-senger transportation agencies nationwide. 
SEC. 8. NO ADDITIONAL AUTHORIZATION OF AP-
PROPRIATIONS. 
No additional funds are authorized to be ap-
propriated to carry out this Act, and this Act shall be carried out using amounts otherwise available for such purpose. 
SEC. 9. INTEROPERABILITY REVIEW. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Assistant Secretary shall, in consultation with the Assist-ant Secretary of the Office of Cybersecurity and Communications, conduct a review of the inter-operable communications capabilities of the law enforcement, fire, and medical personnel respon-sible for responding to a security incident, in-cluding active shooter events, acts of terrorism, and incidents that target passenger-screening checkpoints, at all airports in the United States at which the Administration performs, or over-sees the implementation and performance of, se-curity measures. 
(b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 30 days after the 
completion of the review, the Assistant Sec-retary shall report the findings of the review to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. 
Mr. GARDNER. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the committee-reported sub-stitute be agreed to, the bill, as amend-
ed, be read a third time and passed, and that the motion to reconsider be con-sidered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The committee-reported amendment 
in the nature of a substitute was agreed to. 
The amendment was ordered to be 
engrossed, and the bill to be read a third time. 
The bill was read the third time. The bill (H.R. 720), as amended, was 
passed. 
f 
REPRESENTATIVE PAYEE FRAUD 
PREVENTION ACT OF 2015 
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 167, S. 1576. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1576) to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to prevent fraud by representa-tive payees. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs, with amendments, as follows: 
(The parts of the bill intended to be 
stricken are shown in boldface brack-ets and the parts intended to be in-serted in the bill are shown in italic.) 
S. 1576 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Representa-
tive Payee Fraud Prevention Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. REPRESENTATIVE PAYEE FRAUD. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— 
(1) CSRS.—Subchapter III of chapter 83 of 
title 5, United States Code, is amended by in-serting after section 8345 the following: 
‘‘§ 8345a. Embezzlement or conversion of pay-
ments 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—It shall be unlawful for 
any person that is authorized by the Office under section 8345(e) to receive payments on behalf of a minor or an individual mentally incompetent or under other legal disability to embezzle or in any manner convert all or any part of the amounts received from such payments to a use other than for the use and benefit of such minor or individual. 
‘‘(b) P
ENALTY .—Any person who violates 
subsection (a) shall be fined under title 18, imprisoned for not more than 5 years, or both. 
‘‘(c) P
RIMA FACIE EVIDENCE .—Any willful 
neglect or refusal to make and file proper ac-countings or reports concerning the amounts received from payments authorized under section 8345(e) as required by law shall be taken to be sufficient evidence prima facie of the embezzlement or conversion of such amounts.’’. 
(2) FERS.—Subchapter VI of chapter 84 of 
title 5, United States Code, is amended by in-serting after section 8466 the following: 
‘‘§ 8466a. Embezzlement or conversion of pay-
ments 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—It shall be unlawful for 
any person that is authorized by the Office 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05AU6.084 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6424 August 5, 2015 
under section 8466(c) to receive payments on 
behalf of a minor or an individual mentally incompetent or under other legal disability to embezzle or in any manner convert all or any part of the amounts received from such payments to a use other than for the use and benefit of such minor or individual. 
‘‘(b) P
ENALTY .—Any person who violates 
subsection (a) shall be fined under title 18, imprisoned for not more than 5 years, or both. 
‘‘(c) P
RIMA FACIE EVIDENCE .—Any willful 
neglect or refusal to make and file proper ac-countings or reports concerning the amounts received from payments authorized under section 8466(c) as required by law shall be taken to be sufficient evidence prima facie of the embezzlement or conversion of such amounts.’’. 
(3) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— 
(A) The table of sections for chapter 83 of 
title 5, United States Code, is amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 8345 the following: 
‘‘8345a. Embezzlement or conversion of pay-
ments.’’. 
(B) The table of sections for chapter 84 of 
title 5, United States Code, is amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 8466 the following: 
‘‘8466a. Embezzlement or conversion of pay-
ments.’’. 
(b) L
IMITATIONS ON APPOINTMENTS OF REP-
RESENTATIVE PAYEES .— 
(1) CSRS.—Section 8345 of title 5, United 
States Code, is amended by inserting after subsection (e) the following: 
‘‘(f) The Office may not authorize a person 
to receive payments on behalf of a minor or individual of legal disability under sub-section (e) if that person has been convicted of a violation of— 
‘‘(1) section 8345a or 8466a; ‘‘(2) section 208 or 1632 of the Social Secu-
rity Act (42 U.S.C. 408 and ø1632 ¿ 1383a ); or 
‘‘(3) section 6101 of title 38, United States 
Code.’’. 
(2) FERS.—Section 8466 of title 5, United 
States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(d) The Office may not authorize a person 
to receive payments on behalf of a minor or individual of legal disability under sub-section (c) if that person has been convicted of a violation of— 
‘‘(1) section 8345a or 8466a; ‘‘(2) section 208 or 1632 of the Social Secu-
rity Act (42 U.S.C. 408 and ø1632 ¿ 1383a ); or 
‘‘(3) section 6101 of title 38, United States 
Code.’’. 
Mr. GARDNER. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the committee-reported amendments be agreed to, the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed, and that the motion to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The committee-reported amendments 
were agreed to. 
The bill (S. 1576), as amended, was or-
dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 1576 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Representa-
tive Payee Fraud Prevention Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. REPRESENTATIVE PAYEE FRAUD. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) CSRS.—Subchapter III of chapter 83 of 
title 5, United States Code, is amended by in-serting after section 8345 the following: 
‘‘§ 8345a. Embezzlement or conversion of pay-
ments 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—It shall be unlawful for 
any person that is authorized by the Office under section 8345(e) to receive payments on behalf of a minor or an individual mentally incompetent or under other legal disability to embezzle or in any manner convert all or any part of the amounts received from such payments to a use other than for the use and benefit of such minor or individual. 
‘‘(b) P
ENALTY .—Any person who violates 
subsection (a) shall be fined under title 18, imprisoned for not more than 5 years, or both. 
‘‘(c) P
RIMA FACIE EVIDENCE .—Any willful 
neglect or refusal to make and file proper ac-countings or reports concerning the amounts received from payments authorized under section 8345(e) as required by law shall be taken to be sufficient evidence prima facie of the embezzlement or conversion of such amounts.’’. 
(2) FERS.—Subchapter VI of chapter 84 of 
title 5, United States Code, is amended by in-serting after section 8466 the following: 
‘‘§ 8466a. Embezzlement or conversion of pay-
ments 
‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—It shall be unlawful for 
any person that is authorized by the Office under section 8466(c) to receive payments on behalf of a minor or an individual mentally incompetent or under other legal disability to embezzle or in any manner convert all or any part of the amounts received from such payments to a use other than for the use and benefit of such minor or individual. 
‘‘(b) P
ENALTY .—Any person who violates 
subsection (a) shall be fined under title 18, imprisoned for not more than 5 years, or both. 
‘‘(c) P
RIMA FACIE EVIDENCE .—Any willful 
neglect or refusal to make and file proper ac-countings or reports concerning the amounts received from payments authorized under section 8466(c) as required by law shall be taken to be sufficient evidence prima facie of the embezzlement or conversion of such amounts.’’. 
(3) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— 
(A) The table of sections for chapter 83 of 
title 5, United States Code, is amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 8345 the following: 
‘‘8345a. Embezzlement or conversion of pay-
ments.’’. 
(B) The table of sections for chapter 84 of 
title 5, United States Code, is amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 8466 the following: 
‘‘8466a. Embezzlement or conversion of pay-
ments.’’. 
(b) L
IMITATIONS ON APPOINTMENTS OF REP-
RESENTATIVE PAYEES .— 
(1) CSRS.—Section 8345 of title 5, United 
States Code, is amended by inserting after subsection (e) the following: 
‘‘(f) The Office may not authorize a person 
to receive payments on behalf of a minor or individual of legal disability under sub-section (e) if that person has been convicted of a violation of— 
‘‘(1) section 8345a or 8466a; ‘‘(2) section 208 or 1632 of the Social Secu-
rity Act (42 U.S.C. 408 and 1383a); or 
‘‘(3) section 6101 of title 38, United States 
Code.’’. 
(2) FERS.—Section 8466 of title 5, United 
States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(d) The Office may not authorize a person 
to receive payments on behalf of a minor or individual of legal disability under sub-
section (c) if that person has been convicted of a violation of— 
‘‘(1) section 8345a or 8466a; ‘‘(2) section 208 or 1632 of the Social Secu-
rity Act (42 U.S.C. 408 and 1383a); or 
‘‘(3) section 6101 of title 38, United States 
Code.’’. 
f 
THE CALENDAR 
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar Nos. 172 and 173, en bloc. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bills en bloc. 
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the bills be read a third time and passed, the mo-tions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table, and that any statements relating to the bills be printed in the R
ECORD , all en bloc. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
SPECIALIST JOSEPH W. RILEY 
POST OFFICE BUILDING 
The bill (S. 1596) to designate the fa-
cility of the United States Postal Serv-ice located at 2082 Stringtown Road in Grove City, Ohio, as the ‘‘Specialist Jo-seph W. Riley Post Office Building,’’ was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 1596 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of 
Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SPECIALIST JOSEPH W. RILEY POST 
OFFICE BUILDING. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the 
United States Postal Service located at 2082 Stringtown Road in Grove City, Ohio, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Specialist Joseph W. Riley Post Office Building’’. 
(b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, 
map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Specialist Joseph W. Riley Post Office Building’’. 
f 
LIEUTENANT COLONEL JAMES 
‘‘MAGGIE’’ MEGELLAS POST OF-FICE 
The bill (S. 1826) to designate the fa-
cility of the United States Postal Serv-ice located at 99 West 2nd Street in Fond du Lac, Wisconsin, as the Lieu-tenant Colonel James ‘‘Maggie’’ Megellas Post Office, was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 1826 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of 
Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. LIEUTENANT COLONEL JAMES 
‘‘MAGGIE’’ MEGELLAS POST OFFICE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the 
United States Postal Service located at 99 West 2nd Street in Fond du Lac, Wisconsin, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Lieu-tenant Colonel James ‘Maggie’ Megellas Post Office’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:29 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05AU6.085 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6425 August 5, 2015 
(b) R EFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, 
map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility re-ferred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Lieutenant Colonel James ‘Maggie’ Megellas Post Office’’. 
f 
ELECTRONIC HEALTH FAIRNESS 
ACT OF 2015 
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 185, S. 1347. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1347) to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act with respect to the treatment of patient encounters in ambula-tory surgical centers in determining mean-ingful EHR use, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Finance, with an amendment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Electronic 
Health Fairness Act of 2015’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: 
(1) Ambulatory surgery centers were not cov-
ered under the provisions of the HITECH Act of 2009, which created certification standards and incentives for adopting electronic health record (EHR) technology in the physician office and hospital settings. 
(2) The Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Serv-
ices (CMS) defines a meaningful EHR user as an eligible professional having 50 percent or more of the professional’s outpatient encounters at practices or locations equipped with certified EHR technology. 
(3) Physicians with patient encounters in an 
ambulatory surgical center are at a disadvan-tage when attempting to meet meaningful use requirements because there currently is not cer-tified EHR technology for such centers. 
(4) Until such time as EHR technology is cer-
tified specifically for use in the ambulatory sur-gical centers, patient encounters that occur in such a center should not be used when calcu-lating whether an eligible professional meets meaningful use requirements, unless an eligible professional elects to include those encounters. 
SEC. 3. TREATMENT OF PATIENT ENCOUNTERS IN 
AMBULATORY SURGICAL CENTERS IN DETERMINING MEANINGFUL EHR USE. 
Section 1848(o)(2) of the Social Security Act 
(42 U.S.C. 1395w–4(o)(2)) is amended by adding at the end of the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(E) T
REATMENT OF PATIENT ENCOUNTERS AT  
AMBULATORY SURGICAL CENTERS .— 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—Subject to clause (ii), any 
patient encounter of an eligible professional oc-curring at an ambulatory surgical center (de-scribed in section 1832(i)(1)(A)) shall not be treated as a patient encounter in determining whether an eligible professional qualifies as a meaningful EHR user. 
‘‘(ii) S
UNSET .—Clause (i) shall no longer apply 
as of the first year that begins more than 3 years after the date the Secretary certifies EHR technology for the ambulatory surgical center setting.’’. 
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the com-mittee-reported amendment be agreed to; the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed, and the motion to re-consider be considered made and laid 
upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The committee-reported amendment 
in the nature of a substitute was agreed to. 
The bill (S. 1347), as amended, was or-
dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
AMENDING TITLE XI OF THE 
SOCIAL SECURITY ACT 
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 187, S. 1362. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1362) to amend title XI of the So-
cial Security Act to clarify waiver authority regarding programs of all-inclusive care for the elderly (PACE programs). 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Finance, with an amendment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
SECTION 1. CLARIFICATION OF WAIVER AUTHOR-
ITY REGARDING PACE PROGRAMS. 
Subsection (d)(1) of section 1115A of the Social 
Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1315a) is amended by striking ‘‘and 1903(m)(2)(A)(iii)’’ and inserting ‘‘1903(m)(2)(A)(iii), and 1934 (other than sub-sections (b)(1)(A) and (c)(5) of such section)’’. 
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the com-mittee-reported amendment be agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be read a third time and passed; and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The committee-reported amendment 
in the nature of a substitute was agreed to. 
The bill (S. 1362), as amended, was or-
dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
LAND MANAGEMENT WORKFORCE 
FLEXIBILITY ACT 
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 192, H.R. 1531. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the bill by title. 
The senior assistant legislative clerk 
read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 1531) to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to provide a pathway for tem-porary seasonal employees in Federal land management agencies to compete for vacant permanent positions under internal merit promotion procedures, and for other pur-poses. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
Mr. GARDNER. I ask unanimous con-
sent that the bill be read a third time and passed and that the motion to re-
consider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The bill (H.R. 1531) was ordered to a 
third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
J. WATIES WARING JUDICIAL 
CENTER 
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Environ-ment and Public Works Committee be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 2131 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 2131) to designate the Federal 
building and United States courthouse lo-cated at 83 Meeting Street in Charleston, South Carolina, as the ‘‘J. Waties Waring Ju-dicial Center.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The bill (H.R. 2131) was ordered to a 
third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
PFC MILTON A. LEE MEDAL OF 
HONOR MEMORIAL HIGHWAY 
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Environ-ment and Public Works Committee be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 2559 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 2559) to designate the ‘‘PFC 
Milton A. Lee Medal of Honor Memorial Highway’’ in the State of Texas. 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the bill. 
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the bill be read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The bill (H.R. 2559) was ordered to a 
third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
NATIONAL OVARIAN CANCER 
AWARENESS MONTH 
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Judiciary Committee be discharged from further 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:43 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05AU6.087 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6426 August 5, 2015 
consideration of and the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of S. Res. 228. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report the resolution 
by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 228) designating Sep-
tember 2015 as ‘‘National Ovarian Cancer Awareness Month.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 228) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in the R
ECORD of July 23, 2015, 
under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
NATIONAL LOBSTER DAY 
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Judiciary Committee be discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 230 and the Senate proceed to its immediate con-sideration. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The clerk will report the resolution 
by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 230) designating Sep-
tember 25, 2015, as ‘‘National Lobster Day.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 230) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in the R
ECORD of July 27, 2015, 
under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
NATIONAL PROSTATE CANCER 
AWARENESS MONTH 
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 248, submitted earlier today. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The 
clerk will report the resolution by title. 
The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 248) designating Sep-
tember 2015 as ‘‘National Prostate Cancer Awareness Month.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate 
proceeded to consider the resolution. 
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed 
to, and the motions to reconsider be laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The resolution (S. Res. 248) was 
agreed to. 
The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is 
printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-
mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to executive session for the consideration of all nominations on the Secretary’s desk in the Foreign Service except for the list which is at the desk; that the nominations be confirmed en bloc; that the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate; that no further motions be in order; that any statements related to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD ; that the President be imme-
diately notified of the Senate’s action, and the Senate then resume legislative session. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
The nominations considered and con-
firmed are as follows: 
NOMINATIONS PLACED ON THE SECRETARY ’S 
DESK 
FOREIGN SERVICE  
PN573—3 Foreign Service nominations (161) 
beginning Maura Barry Boyle, and ending Anthony Wolak, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of June 10, 2015. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ate will now resume legislative session. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO 
FILE BILLS AND REPORTS 
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that notwith-standing the adjournment of the Sen-ate, committees be allowed to file bills and reports on August 6, from 11:30 a.m. until 1:30 p.m., and August 28, from 12 noon until 2 p.m. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER FOR RECORD TO REMAIN 
OPEN 
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that notwith-standing the adjournment of the Sen-ate, that the R
ECORD be kept open on 
August 6, from 11:30 a.m. until 1:30 p.m. for the introduction of bills and resolu-tions, statements, and cosponsor re-quests. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. ORDERS FOR THURSDAY, AUGUST 
6, 2015, AND TUESDAY, SEP-TEMBER 8, 2015 
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I ask 
unanimous consent that when the Sen-ate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 11:30 a.m., Thursday, Au-gust 6, for a pro forma session with the only business conducted being that under the previous orders; further, that when the Senate adjourns on August 6, 2015, it next convene on Tuesday, Sep-tember 8, at 2 p.m., pursuant to the provisions of H. Con. Res. 72; that fol-lowing the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; and that following leader remarks, the Senate begin consideration of H.J. Res. 61, as under the previous order. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without 
objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 11:30 A.M. 
TOMORROW 
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, if 
there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. 
There being no objection, the Senate, 
at 8:19 p.m., adjourned until Thursday, August 6, 2015, at 11:30 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS 
Executive nominations received by 
the Senate: 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
MARCEL JOHN LETTRE, II, OF MARYLAND, TO BE 
UNDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR INTELLIGENCE, VICE MICHAEL VICKERS, RESIGNED. 
PATRICK JOSEPH MURPHY, OF PENNSYLVANIA, TO BE 
UNDER SECRETARY OF THE ARMY, VICE BRAD R. CAR-SON. 
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION  
THOMAS F. SCOTT DARLING, III, OF MASSACHUSETTS, 
TO BE ADMINISTRATOR OF THE FEDERAL MOTOR CAR-RIER SAFETY ADMINISTRATION, VICE ANNE S. FERRO, RESIGNED. 
DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY  
CHERRY ANN MURRAY, OF KANSAS, TO BE DIRECTOR 
OF THE OFFICE OF SCIENCE, DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY, VICE WILLIAM F. BRINKMAN. 
FEDERAL SUPPLEMENTARY MEDICAL INSURANCE  
TRUST FUND  
CHARLES P. BLAHOUS, III, OF MARYLAND, TO BE A 
MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF TRUSTEES OF THE FEDERAL SUPPLEMENTARY MEDICAL INSURANCE TRUST FUND FOR A TERM OF FOUR YEARS. (REAPPOINTMENT) 
FEDERAL OLD -AGE AND SURVIVORS INSURANCE  
TRUST FUND  
CHARLES P. BLAHOUS, III, OF MARYLAND, TO BE A 
MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF TRUSTEES OF THE FEDERAL OLD-AGE AND SURVIVORS INSURANCE TRUST FUND AND THE FEDERAL DISABILITY INSURANCE TRUST FUND FOR A TERM OF FOUR YEARS. (REAPPOINTMENT) 
FEDERAL HOSPITAL INSURANCE TRUST FUND  
CHARLES P. BLAHOUS, III, OF MARYLAND, TO BE A 
MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF TRUSTEES OF THE FEDERAL HOSPITAL INSURANCE TRUST FUND FOR A TERM OF FOUR YEARS. (REAPPOINTMENT) 
FEDERAL SUPPLEMENTARY MEDICAL INSURANCE  
TRUST FUND  
ROBERT D. REISCHAUER, OF MARYLAND, TO BE A MEM-
BER OF THE BOARD OF TRUSTEES OF THE FEDERAL SUP-PLEMENTARY MEDICAL INSURANCE TRUST FUND FOR A TERM OF FOUR YEARS. (REAPPOINTMENT) 
FEDERAL OLD -AGE AND SURVIVORS INSURANCE  
TRUST FUND  
ROBERT D. REISCHAUER, OF MARYLAND, TO BE A MEM-
BER OF THE BOARD OF TRUSTEES OF THE FEDERAL OLD- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:43 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G05AU6.108 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6427 August 5, 2015 
AGE AND SURVIVORS INSURANCE TRUST FUND AND THE 
FEDERAL DISABILITY INSURANCE TRUST FUND FOR A TERM OF FOUR YEARS. (REAPPOINTMENT) 
FEDERAL HOSPITAL INSURANCE TRUST FUND  
ROBERT D. REISCHAUER, OF MARYLAND, TO BE A MEM-
BER OF THE BOARD OF TRUSTEES OF THE FEDERAL HOS-PITAL INSURANCE TRUST FUND FOR A TERM OF FOUR YEARS. (REAPPOINTMENT) 
UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL  
DEVELOPMENT  
LINDA I. ETIM, OF WISCONSIN, TO BE AN ASSISTANT 
ADMINISTRATOR OF THE UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT, VICE EARL W. GAST, RESIGNED. 
UNITED NATIONS  
LAURA S. H. HOLGATE, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE REP-
RESENTATIVE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE VIENNA OFFICE OF THE UNITED NATIONS, WITH THE RANK OF AMBASSADOR. 
INTERNATIONAL ATOMIC ENERGY AGENCY  
LAURA S. H. HOLGATE, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE THE REP-
RESENTATIVE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE INTERNATIONAL ATOMIC ENERGY AGENCY, WITH THE RANK OF AMBASSADOR. 
NATIONAL SCIENCE FOUNDATION  
RICHARD OTTO BUCKIUS, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE DEP-
UTY DIRECTOR OF THE NATIONAL SCIENCE FOUNDATION, VICE CORA B. MARRETT, RESIGNED. 
f 
DISCHARGED NOMINATIONS 
The Senate Committee on Com-
merce, Science, and Transportation was discharged from further consider-ation of the following nominations unanimous consent and the nomina-tions were confirmed: 
MARIE THERESE DOMINGUEZ, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE AD-
MINISTRATOR OF THE PIPELINE AND HAZARDOUS MATE-RIALS SAFETY ADMINISTRATION, DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION. 
COAST GUARD NOMINATION OF VICE ADM. CHARLES D. 
MICHEL, TO BE VICE ADMIRAL. 
COAST GUARD NOMINATION OF STEPHEN R. BIRD, TO 
BE LIEUTENANT COMMANDER. 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS 
Executive nominations confirmed by 
the Senate August 5, 2015: 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
DAVID HALE, OF NEW JERSEY, A CAREER MEMBER OF 
THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER– COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF PAKISTAN. 
ATUL KESHAP, OF VIRGINIA, A CAREER MEMBER OF 
THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENI-POTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE DEMOCRATIC SOCIALIST REPUBLIC OF SRI LANKA, AND TO SERVE CONCURRENTLY AND WITHOUT ADDI-TIONAL COMPENSATION AS AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF MALDIVES. 
ALAINA B. TEPLITZ, OF ILLINOIS, A CAREER MEMBER 
OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER– COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE FEDERAL DEMOCRATIC REPUBLIC OF NEPAL. 
WILLIAM A. HEIDT, OF PENNSYLVANIA, A CAREER 
MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE KINGDOM OF CAMBODIA. 
GLYN TOWNSEND DAVIES, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-
BIA, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERV-ICE, CLASS OF MINISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBAS-SADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE KINGDOM OF THAILAND. 
JENNIFER ZIMDAHL GALT, OF COLORADO, A CAREER 
MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO MONGOLIA. 
DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES  
RAFAEL J. LOPEZ, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE COMMIS-
SIONER ON CHILDREN, YOUTH, AND FAMILIES, DEPART-MENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES. 
DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY  
MONICA C. REGALBUTO, OF ILLINOIS, TO BE AN ASSIST-
ANT SECRETARY OF ENERGY (ENVIRONMENTAL MAN-AGEMENT). 
JONATHAN ELKIND, OF MARYLAND, TO BE AN ASSIST-
ANT SECRETARY OF ENERGY (INTERNATIONAL AF-FAIRS). CHEMICAL SAFETY AND HAZARD INVESTIGATION  
BOARD  
KRISTEN MARIE KULINOWSKI, OF NEW YORK, TO BE A 
MEMBER OF THE CHEMICAL SAFETY AND HAZARD IN-VESTIGATION BOARD FOR A TERM OF FIVE YEARS . 
TENNESSEE VALLEY AUTHORITY  
ERIC MARTIN SATZ, OF TENNESSEE, TO BE A MEMBER 
OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE TENNESSEE VAL-LEY AUTHORITY FOR A TERM EXPIRING MAY 18, 2018. 
CHEMICAL SAFETY AND HAZARD INVESTIGATION  
BOARD  
VANESSA LORRAINE ALLEN SUTHERLAND, OF VIR-
GINIA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE CHEMICAL SAFETY AND HAZARD INVESTIGATION BOARD FOR A TERM OF FIVE YEARS. 
VANESSA LORRAINE ALLEN SUTHERLAND, OF VIR-
GINIA, TO BE CHAIRPERSON OF THE CHEMICAL SAFETY AND HAZARD INVESTIGATION BOARD FOR A TERM OF FIVE YEARS. 
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION  
GREGORY GUY NADEAU, OF MAINE, TO BE ADMINIS-
TRATOR OF THE FEDERAL HIGHWAY ADMINISTRATION. 
GENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION  
DENISE TURNER ROTH, OF NORTH CAROLINA, TO BE 
ADMINISTRATOR OF GENERAL SERVICES. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
SHEILA GWALTNEY, OF CALIFORNIA, A CAREER MEM-
BER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MIN-ISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE KYRGYZ REPUBLIC. 
PERRY L. HOLLOWAY, OF SOUTH CAROLINA, A CAREER 
MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE CO–OPERATIVE REPUBLIC OF GUY-ANA. 
KATHLEEN ANN DOHERTY, OF NEW YORK, A CAREER 
MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF CYPRUS. 
HANS G. KLEMM, OF MICHIGAN, A CAREER MEMBER OF 
THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER– COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO ROMANIA. 
JAMES DESMOND MELVILLE, JR., OF NEW JERSEY, A 
CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF ES-TONIA. 
PETER F. MULREAN, OF MASSACHUSETTS, A CAREER 
MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF HAITI. 
LAURA FARNSWORTH DOGU, OF TEXAS, A CAREER 
MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF NICARAGUA. 
PAUL WAYNE JONES, OF MARYLAND, A CAREER MEM-
BER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF CA-REER MINISTER, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF POLAND. 
MICHELE THOREN BOND, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-
BIA, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERV-ICE, CLASS OF MINISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AN ASSIST-ANT SECRETARY OF STATE (CONSULAR AFFAIRS). 
DEFENSE NUCLEAR FACILITIES SAFETY BOARD  
JOYCE LOUISE CONNERY, OF MASSACHUSETTS, TO BE A 
MEMBER OF THE DEFENSE NUCLEAR FACILITIES SAFE-TY BOARD FOR A TERM EXPIRING OCTOBER 18, 2019. 
JOSEPH BRUCE HAMILTON, OF TEXAS, TO BE A MEM-
BER OF THE DEFENSE NUCLEAR FACILITIES SAFETY BOARD FOR THE REMAINDER OF THE TERM EXPIRING OCTOBER 18, 2016. 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE 
UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RE-SERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. DAVID S. BALDWIN 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. AARON M. PRUPAS 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
AS THE CHIEF OF STAFF OF THE ARMY AND APPOINT-MENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE IN-DICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPOR-TANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 601 AND 3033: To be general 
GEN. MARK A. MILLEY 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
AS CHIEF OF NAVAL OPERATIONS AND APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 601 AND 5033: 
To be admiral 
ADM. JOHN M. RICHARDSON 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. CHRISTOPHER P. AZZANO 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
AS COMMANDANT OF THE MARINE CORPS AND APPOINT-MENT IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 601 AND 5043: 
To be general 
LT. GEN. ROBERT B. NELLER 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. THERON G. DAVIS 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. JOHN M. MURRAY 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. ANTHONY R. IERARDI 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. GARRETT S. YEE 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. PATRICK J. REINERT 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE OF ADMIRAL IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601, AND TITLE 50, U.S.C., SECTION 2511: 
To be admiral 
VICE ADM. JAMES F. CALDWELL, JR. 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
VICE ADM. JOSEPH P. AUCOIN 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. CEDRIC E. PRINGLE 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE 
UNITED STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be brigadier general 
COLONEL BRETT W. ANDERSEN COLONEL WALLACE S. BONDS COLONEL JOHN C. BOYD COLONEL DAVID L. BOYLE COLONEL MARK N. BROWN COLONEL ROBERT D. BURKE COLONEL THOMAS M. CARDEN, JR. COLONEL PATRICK J. CENTER COLONEL LAURA L. CLELLAN 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:43 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A05AU6.003 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6428 August 5, 2015 
COLONEL JOHANNA P. CLYBORNE 
COLONEL ALAN C. CRANFORD COLONEL ANITA K.W. CURINGTON COLONEL DARRELL D. DARNBUSH COLONEL AARON R. DEAN II COLONEL DAMIAN T. DONAHOE COLONEL JOHN H. EDWARDS, JR. COLONEL LEE M. ELLIS COLONEL PABLO ESTRADA, JR. COLONEL JAMES R. FINLEY COLONEL THOMAS C. FISHER COLONEL LAPTHE C. FLORA COLONEL MICHAEL S. FUNK COLONEL MICHAEL J. GARSHAK COLONEL HARRISON B. GILLIAM COLONEL MICHAEL J. GLISSON COLONEL WALLACE A. HALL, JR. COLONEL KENNETH S. HARA COLONEL MARCUS R. HATLEY COLONEL GREGORY J. HIRSCH COLONEL JOHN E. HOEFERT COLONEL LEE W. HOPKINS COLONEL LYNDON C. JOHNSON COLONEL RUSSELL D. JOHNSON COLONEL PETER S. KAYE COLONEL JESSE J. KIRCHMEIER COLONEL RICHARD C. KNOWLTON COLONEL MARTIN A. LAFFERTY COLONEL EDWIN W. LARKIN COLONEL BRUCE C. LINTON COLONEL KEVIN D. LYONS COLONEL ROBERT B. MCCASTLAIN COLONEL MARK D. MCCORMACK COLONEL MARSHALL T. MICHELS COLONEL MICHAEL A. MITCHELL COLONEL SHAWN M. O’BRIEN COLONEL DAVID F. O’DONAHUE COLONEL JOHN O. PAYNE COLONEL TROY R. PHILLIPS COLONEL RAFAEL A. RIBAS COLONEL EDWARD D. RICHARDS COLONEL HAMILTON D. RICHARDS COLONEL JOHN W. SCHROEDER COLONEL SCOTT C. SHARP COLONEL CARY A. SHILLCUTT COLONEL BENNETT E. SINGER COLONEL RAYMOND G. STRAWBRIDGE COLONEL TRACEY J. TRAUTMAN COLONEL SUZANNE P. VARES–LUM COLONEL DAVID N. VESPER COLONEL CLINT E. WALKER COLONEL JAMES B. WASKOM COLONEL MICHAEL J. WILLIS COLONEL KURTIS J. WINSTEAD COLONEL DAVID E. WOOD 
THE FOLLOWING ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE 
UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RE-SERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. LAURA L. YEAGER 
THE FOLLOWING ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE 
UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RE-SERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. WILLIAM J. EDWARDS 
THE FOLLOWING ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE 
UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RE-SERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. ROBERT W. ENZENAUER 
THE FOLLOWING ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE 
UNITED STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be major general 
BRIGADIER GENERAL RANDY A. ALEWEL BRIGADIER GENERAL CRAIG E. BENNETT BRIGADIER GENERAL ALLEN E. BREWER BRIGADIER GENERAL BRIAN R. COPES BRIGADIER GENERAL BENJAMIN J. CORELL BRIGADIER GENERAL PETER L. COREY BRIGADIER GENERAL STEVEN FERRARI BRIGADIER GENERAL RALPH H. GROOVER III BRIGADIER GENERAL WILLIAM A. HALL BRIGADIER GENERAL BRIAN C. HARRIS BRIGADIER GENERAL RICHARD J. HAYES, JR. BRIGADIER GENERAL SAMUEL L. HENRY BRIGADIER GENERAL BARRY D. KEELING BRIGADIER GENERAL KEITH A. KLEMMER BRIGADIER GENERAL WILLIAM J. LIEDER BRIGADIER GENERAL DANA L. MCDANIEL BRIGADIER GENERAL RAFAEL O’FERRALL BRIGADIER GENERAL JOANNE F. SHERIDAN 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
AS COMMANDER, MARINE FORCES RESERVE, AND AP-POINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 601 AND 5144: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. REX C. MCMILLIAN 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
TO THE GRADE OF LIEUTENANT GENERAL IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS WHILE ASSIGNED TO A 
POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. ROBERT R. RUARK 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. SAMUEL D. COX 
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. GINA M. GROSSO 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
VICE ADM. PAUL A. GROSKLAGS 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF JESSE L. JOHNSON, TO BE 
MAJOR. 
AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF JOSE M. GOYOS, TO BE 
MAJOR. 
AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF JOHN C. BOSTON, TO BE 
COLONEL. 
AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF JOHN A. CHRIST, TO BE 
COLONEL. 
AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF RICHARD H. FILLMAN, JR., 
TO BE COLONEL. 
IN THE ARMY  
ARMY NOMINATION OF THOMAS M. CHEREPKO, TO BE 
MAJOR. 
ARMY NOMINATION OF ERIC R. DAVIS, TO BE LIEUTEN-
ANT COLONEL. 
ARMY NOMINATION OF STEPHEN T. WOLPERT, TO BE 
COLONEL. 
ARMY NOMINATION OF JENIFER E. HEY, TO BE LIEU-
TENANT COLONEL. 
ARMY NOMINATION OF MICHAEL R. STARKEY, TO BE 
MAJOR. 
ARMY NOMINATION OF DEEPA HARIPRASAD, TO BE 
MAJOR. 
ARMY NOMINATION OF DALE T. WALTMAN, TO BE 
COLONEL. 
ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH VINCENT E. 
BUGGS AND ENDING WITH JAMES M. ZEPP III, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 23, 2015. 
ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH SHONTELLE C. 
ADAMS AND ENDING WITH JOSEPH S. ZUFFANTI, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 23, 2015. 
ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH ANDREA C. 
ALICEA AND ENDING WITH GIOVANNY F. ZALAMAR, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 23, 2015. 
ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH ERIC B. ABDUL 
AND ENDING WITH SARA I. ZOESCH, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 23, 2015. 
ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH GARY S. 
ANSELMO AND ENDING WITH JOHN G. ZIERDT, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 23, 2015. 
ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH DEAN R. KLENZ 
AND ENDING WITH JAMES J. RICHE, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 29, 2015. 
ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH RICHARD L. BAI-
LEY AND ENDING WITH KENNETH S. SHEDAROWICH, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 29, 2015. 
ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH WILLIAM 
ANDINO AND ENDING WITH CHRISTOPHER P. WILLARD, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 29, 2015. 
ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH DAVID B. AN-
DERSON AND ENDING WITH CARL W. THURMOND, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 29, 2015. 
ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JERRY G. 
BAUMGARTNER AND ENDING WITH MAURI M. THOMAS, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 29, 2015. 
ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH ELIZABETH A. 
ANDERSON AND ENDING WITH MARGARET L. YOUNG, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 29, 2015. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH TONIA M. CROW-
LEY AND ENDING WITH CHERYL M. K. ZEISE, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 29, 2015. 
ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JENNIFER M. 
AHRENS AND ENDING WITH TODD W. TRAVER, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 29, 2015. 
ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH RAMIE K. 
BARFUSS AND ENDING WITH DENTONIO WORRELL, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 29, 2015. 
ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH DAVID J. ADAM 
AND ENDING WITH VICTOR Y. YU, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 29, 2015. 
ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH APRIL CRITELLI 
AND ENDING WITH GREGG A. VIGEANT, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 29, 2015. 
ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH THOMAS F. 
CALDWELL AND ENDING WITH BRONSON B. WHITE, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 29, 2015. 
ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH CAROL L. 
COPPOCK AND ENDING WITH MARIE N. WRIGHT, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 29, 2015. 
ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH NORMAN S. 
CHUN AND ENDING WITH HARRY W. HATCH, WHICH NOMI-NATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 29, 2015. 
ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH LAVETTA L. 
BENNETT AND ENDING WITH CRAIG W. STRONG, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 29, 2015. 
IN THE NAVY  
NAVY NOMINATION OF AUDRY T. OXLEY, TO BE LIEU-
TENANT COMMANDER. 
NAVY NOMINATION OF MARK B. LYLES, TO BE CAP-
TAIN. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH RUSSELL P. 
BATES AND ENDING WITH HORACIO G. TAN, WHICH NOMI-NATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 23, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH SYLVESTER C. 
ADAMAH AND ENDING WITH CHADWICK D. WHITE, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 23, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH RUBEN A. 
ALCOCER AND ENDING WITH MELISSIA A. WILLIAMS, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 23, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH ACCURSIA A. 
BALDASSANO AND ENDING WITH JACQUELINE R. WIL-LIAMS, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 23, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JASON S. 
AYEROFF AND ENDING WITH BRENT E. TROYAN, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 23, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JERRY J. BAI-
LEY AND ENDING WITH ERIN R. WILFONG, WHICH NOMI-NATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 23, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH WILLIAM M. AN-
DERSON AND ENDING WITH JEFFREY R. WESSEL, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 23, 2015. 
NAVY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH MARIA A. 
ALAVANJA AND ENDING WITH VINCENT A. I. ZIZAK, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JULY 23, 2015. 
FOREIGN SERVICE  
FOREIGN SERVICE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH 
MAURA BARRY BOYLE AND ENDING WITH ANTHONY WOLAK, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON JUNE 10, 2015. 
IN THE COAST GUARD  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT 
AS VICE COMMANDANT, UNITED STATES COAST GUARD, AND TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 14, U.S.C., SECTION 47: 
To be vice admiral 
VICE ADM. CHARLES D. MICHEL 
COAST GUARD NOMINATION OF STEPHEN R. BIRD, TO 
BE LIEUTENANT COMMANDER. 
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION  
MARIE THERESE DOMINGUEZ, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE AD-
MINISTRATOR OF THE PIPELINE AND HAZARDOUS MATE-RIALS SAFETY ADMINISTRATION, DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:43 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 0637 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A05AU6.006 S05AUPT1emcdonald on DSK67QTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — Extensions of Remarks E1211 August 5, 2015 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS 
Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, 
agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily 
Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the 
meetings as they occur. 
As an additional procedure along 
with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  
on Monday and Wednesday of each week. 
Meetings scheduled for Thursday, 
August 6, 2015 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
SEPTEMBER 10 
10 a.m. 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and 
Urban Affairs 
To hold hearings to examine the nomina-
tion of Adam J. Szubin, of the District of Columbia, to be Under Secretary for Terrorism and Financial Crimes, De-partment of the Treasury. 
SD–538 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M05AU8.000 E05AUPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D934 Wednesday, August 5, 2015 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
Senate agreed to H. Con. Res. 72, Adjournment Resolution. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S6327–S6428 
Measures Introduced: Sixty-five bills and seven res-
olutions were introduced, as follows: S. 1938–2002, and S. Res. 242–248.
                                      Pages S6379–81 
Measures Reported: 
Special Report entitled ‘‘The Internal Revenue 
Service’s Processing of 501(c)(3) and 501(c)(4) Appli-cations for Tax-Exempt Status Submitted by ‘‘Polit-ical Advocacy’’ Organizations from 2010–2013’’. (S. Rept. No. 114–119) 
S. 1603, to actively recruit members of the Armed 
Forces who are separating from military service to serve as Customs and Border Protection Officers, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 114–116) 
Report to accompany S. 710, to reauthorize the 
Native American Housing Assistance and Self-Deter-mination Act of 1996. (S. Rept. No. 114–117) 
S. 1946, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 
1986 to extend expiring provisions. (S. Rept. No. 114–118)
                                                                       Page S6379 
Measures Passed: 
Drinking Water Protection Act: Senate passed 
H.R. 212, to amend the Safe Drinking Water Act to provide for the assessment and management of the risk of algal toxins in drinking water.
            Page S6349 
Federal Water Pollution Control Act National 
Estuary Program: Committee on Environment and 
Public Works was discharged from further consider-ation of S. 1523, to amend the Federal Water Pollu-tion Control Act to reauthorize the National Estuary Program, and the bill was then passed, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto: 
                                                                                    Pages S6349–50 
Whitehouse Amendment No. 2639, to modify the 
authorization of appropriations.                  Pages S6349–50 
Adjournment Resolution: Senate agreed to H. 
Con. Res. 72, providing for a conditional adjourn-ment of the House of Representatives and a condi-
tional recess or adjournment of the Senate. 
                                                                                            Page S6356 
Jacob Trieber Federal Building, United States 
Post Office, and United States Court House: Com-
mittee on Environment and Public Works was dis-charged from further consideration of S. 1707, to designate the Federal building located at 617 Wal-nut Street in Helena, Arkansas, as the ‘‘Jacob Trieber Federal Building, United States Post Office, and United States Court House’’, and the bill was then passed.
                                                                             Page S6363 
Gerardo Hernandez Airport Security Act: Senate 
passed H.R. 720, to improve intergovernmental planning for and communication during security in-cidents at domestic airports, after agreeing to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute. 
                                                                                    Pages S6422–23 
Representative Payee Fraud Prevention Act: 
Senate passed S. 1576, to amend title 5, United States Code, to prevent fraud by representative pay-ees, after agreeing to the committee amendments. 
                                                                                    Pages S6423–24 
Specialist Joseph W. Riley Post Office Building: 
Senate passed S. 1596, to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 2082 Stringtown Road in Grove City, Ohio, as the ‘‘Spe-cialist Joseph W. Riley Post Office Building’’. 
                                                                                            Page S6424 
Lieutenant Colonel James ‘‘Maggie’’ Megellas 
Post Office: Senate passed S. 1826, to designate the 
facility of the United States Postal Service located at 99 West 2nd Street in Fond du Lac, Wisconsin, as the Lieutenant Colonel James ‘‘Maggie’’ Megellas Post Office.
                                                           Pages S6424–25 
Electronic Health Fairness Act: Senate passed S. 
1347, to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act with respect to the treatment of patient encoun-ters in ambulatory surgical centers in determining 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:36 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D05AU5.REC D05AUPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D935 August 5, 2015 
meaningful EHR use, after agreeing to the com-
mittee amendment in the nature of a substitute. 
                                                                                            Page S6425 
PACE programs: Senate passed S. 1362, to amend 
title XI of the Social Security Act to clarify waiver authority regarding programs of all-inclusive care for the elderly (PACE programs), after agreeing to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute. 
                                                                                            Page S6425 
Land Management Workforce Flexibility Act: 
Senate passed H.R. 1531, to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to provide a pathway for temporary sea-sonal employees in Federal land management agen-cies to compete for vacant permanent positions under internal merit promotion procedures.
              Page S6425 
J. Waties Waring Judicial Center: Committee 
on Environment and Public Works was discharged from further consideration of H.R. 2131, to des-ignate the Federal building and United States court-house located at 83 Meeting Street in Charleston, South Carolina, as the ‘‘J. Waties Waring Judicial Center’’, and the bill was then passed.
           Page S6425 
PFC Milton A. Lee Medal of Honor Memorial 
Highway: Committee on Environment and Public 
Works was discharged from further consideration of H.R. 2559, to designate the ‘‘PFC Milton A. Lee Medal of Honor Memorial Highway’’ in the State of Texas, and the bill was then passed.
                Page S6425 
National Ovarian Cancer Awareness Month: 
Committee on the Judiciary was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 228, designating September 2015 as ‘‘National Ovarian Cancer Awareness Month’’, and the resolution was then agreed to.
                                                               Pages S6425–26 
National Lobster Day: Committee on the Judici-
ary was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 230, designating September 25, 2015, as ‘‘Na-tional Lobster Day’’, and the resolution was then agreed to.
                                                                       Page S6426 
National Prostate Cancer Awareness Month: 
Senate agreed to S. Res. 248, designating September 2015 as ‘‘National Prostate Cancer Awareness Month’’.
                                                                          Page S6426 
Measures Considered: 
Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act—Agree-
ment: Senate continued consideration of the motion 
to proceed to consideration of S. 754, to improve cy-bersecurity in the United States through enhanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats. 
                                                                Pages S6329–48, S6350–51 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding that the motion to invoke cloture on the mo-tion to proceed to consideration of the bill, be with-drawn.
                                                                              Page S6342 A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-
viding that at a time to be determined by the Ma-jority Leader, in consultation with the Democratic Leader, Senate begin consideration of the bill; and that Senator Burr then be recognized to offer the Burr/Feinstein substitute amendment, and that it be in order for the Majority bill manager, or their des-ignee, to offer up to 10 first-degree amendments rel-evant to the subject matter and for the Democratic bill manager, or their designee, to offer up to 11 first-degree amendments relevant to the subject mat-ter.
                                                                                     Page S6342 
Iran Resolution of Disapproval—Agreement: A 
unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that following Leader remarks on Tuesday, Sep-tember 8, 2015, Senate begin consideration of H.J. Res. 61, amending the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of deter-mining the employers to which the employer man-date applies under the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act, and that the Majority Leader, or his designee, be recognized to offer a substitute amendment related to Congressional disapproval of the proposed Iran nuclear agreement.
             Page S6342 
Signing Authority—Agreement : A unanimous- 
consent agreement was reached providing that the junior Senator from West Virginia, the junior Sen-ator from Arkansas, and the junior Senator from Missouri, be authorized to sign duly enrolled bills or joint resolutions from Wednesday, August 5, 2015, through September 8, 2015.
                                Page S6356 
Authorizing Leadership To Make Appoint-ments—Agreement : A unanimous-consent agree-
ment was reached providing that, notwithstanding the adjournment of the Senate, the President of the Senate, the President pro tempore, and the Majority and Minority Leaders be authorized to make ap-pointments to commissions, committees, boards, conferences, or interparliamentary conferences au-
thorized by law, by concurrent action of the two Houses, or by order of the Senate.
                    Page S6356 
Authority for Committees—Agreement : A unani-
mous-consent agreement was reached providing that, notwithstanding the adjournment of the Senate, Committees be allowed to file bills and reports on Thursday, August 6, 2015, from 11:30 a.m. until 1:30 p.m., and on Friday, August 28, 2015, from 12 noon, until 2 p.m.
                                                    Page S6426 
Record—Agreement: A unanimous-consent agree-
ment was reached providing that notwithstanding the adjournment of the Senate that the Record be kept open on Thursday, August 6, 2015, from 11:30 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\AUG 15\D05AU5.REC D05AU5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D936 August 5, 2015 
a.m., to 1:30 p.m., for the introduction of bills and 
resolutions, statements, and cosponsor requests. 
                                                                                            Page S6426 
Pro Forma Session—Agreement: A unanimous- 
consent agreement was reached providing that Senate adjourn until 11:30 a.m., on Thursday, August 6, 2015, for a pro forma session, with the only business conducted being that under the orders of Wednes-day, August 5, 2015; and that when Senate adjourns on Thursday, August 6, 2015, it next convene at 2:00 p.m., on Tuesday, September 8, 2015, pursuant to the provisions of H. Con. Res. 72, providing for a conditional adjournment of the House of Rep-resentatives and a conditional recess or adjournment of the Senate.
                                                               Page S6426 
Ketchmark Nomination—Agreement: A unani-
mous-consent-time agreement was reached providing that at 5 p.m., on Tuesday, September 8, 2015, Sen-ate begin consideration of the nomination of Roseann A. Ketchmark, of Missouri, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Missouri; that there be 30 minutes for debate on the nomination, equally divided in the usual form; that upon the use or yielding back of time, Senate vote, without intervening action or debate, on confirma-tion of the nomination; and that no further motions be in order to the nomination.
                           Page S6356 
Nominations—Agreement: A unanimous-consent 
agreement was reached providing that all the nomi-nations received by the Senate during the 114th Congress, first session, remain in status quo, not-withstanding the provisions of Rule XXXI, para-graph 6, of the Standing Rules of the Senate. 
                                                                                            Page S6356 
Michaud Nomination Referral—Agreement: A 
unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that the nomination of Michael Herman Michaud, of Maine, to be Assistant Secretary of Labor for Vet-erans’ Employment and Training, be referred jointly 
to the committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
                                                                                            Page S6356 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-
lowing nominations: 
Kristen Marie Kulinowski, of New York, to be a 
Member of the Chemical Safety and Hazard Inves-tigation Board for a term of five years. 
Rafael J. Lopez, of California, to be Commissioner 
on Children, Youth, and Families, Department of Health and Human Services. 
Michele Thoren Bond, of the District of Colum-
bia, to be an Assistant Secretary of State (Consular Affairs). Monica C. Regalbuto, of Illinois, to be an Assist-
ant Secretary of Energy (Environmental Manage-ment). 
Sheila Gwaltney, of California, to be Ambassador 
to the Kyrgyz Republic. 
Perry L. Holloway, of South Carolina, to be Am-
bassador to the Co-operative Republic of Guyana. 
Eric Martin Satz, of Tennessee, to be a Member 
of the Board of Directors of the Tennessee Valley Authority for a term expiring May 18, 2018. 
Vanessa Lorraine Allen Sutherland, of Virginia, to 
be a Member of the Chemical Safety and Hazard In-vestigation Board for a term of five years. 
Vanessa Lorraine Allen Sutherland, of Virginia, to 
be Chairperson of the Chemical Safety and Hazard Investigation Board for a term of five years. 
David Hale, of New Jersey, to be Ambassador to 
the Islamic Republic of Pakistan. 
Kathleen Ann Doherty, of New York, to be Am-
bassador to the Republic of Cyprus. 
Hans G. Klemm, of Michigan, to be Ambassador 
to Romania. 
Atul Keshap, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to 
the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka, and to serve concurrently and without additional com-pensation as Ambassador to the Republic of Maldives. 
Alaina B. Teplitz, of Illinois, to be Ambassador to 
the Federal Democratic Republic of Nepal. 
Joyce Louise Connery, of Massachusetts, to be a 
Member of the Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board for a term expiring October 18, 2019. 
Joseph Bruce Hamilton, of Texas, to be a Member 
of the Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board for the remainder of the term expiring October 18, 2016. 
Jonathan Elkind, of Maryland, to be an Assistant 
Secretary of Energy (International Affairs). 
William A. Heidt, of Pennsylvania, to be Ambas-
sador to the Kingdom of Cambodia. 
Glyn Townsend Davies, of the District of Colum-
bia, to be Ambassador to the Kingdom of Thailand. 
Jennifer Zimdahl Galt, of Colorado, to be Ambas-
sador to Mongolia. 
James Desmond Melville, Jr., of New Jersey, to be 
Ambassador to the Republic of Estonia. 
Peter F. Mulrean, of Massachusetts, to be Ambas-
sador to the Republic of Haiti. 
Gregory Guy Nadeau, of Maine, to be Adminis-
trator of the Federal Highway Administration. 
Laura Farnsworth Dogu, of Texas, to be Ambas-
sador to the Republic of Nicaragua. 
Denise Turner Roth, of North Carolina, to be Ad-
ministrator of General Services. 
Paul Wayne Jones, of Maryland, to be Ambas-
sador to the Republic of Poland. 
5 Air Force nominations in the rank of general. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:36 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D05AU5.REC D05AUPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D937 August 5, 2015 
91 Army nominations in the rank of general. 
3 Marine Corps nominations in the rank of gen-
eral. 
5 Navy nominations in the rank of admiral. Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, Foreign 
Service, and Navy.
            Pages S6352–56, S6426, S6427–28 
Marie Therese Dominguez, of Virginia, to be Ad-
ministrator of the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, Department of Transpor-tation. (Prior to this action, Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation was discharged from further consideration.)
                  Pages S6355, S6427 
1 Coast Guard nomination in the rank of admiral. 
(Prior to this action, Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation was discharged from fur-ther consideration.)
                        Pages S6352–54, S6427–28 
Routine list in the Coast Guard. (Prior to this ac-
tion, Committee on Commerce, Science, and Trans-portation was discharged from further consideration.) 
                                                         Pages S6352, S6354, S6427–28 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-
lowing nominations: 
Marcel John Lettre, II, of Maryland, to be Under 
Secretary of Defense for Intelligence. 
Patrick Joseph Murphy, of Pennsylvania, to be 
Under Secretary of the Army. 
Thomas F. Scott Darling, III, of Massachusetts, to 
be Administrator of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration. 
Cherry Ann Murray, of Kansas, to be Director of 
the Office of Science, Department of Energy. 
Charles P. Blahous, III, of Maryland, to be a 
Member of the Board of Trustees of the Federal Sup-plementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund for a term of four years. 
Charles P. Blahous, III, of Maryland, to be a 
Member of the Board of Trustees of the Federal Old- Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Disability Insurance Trust Fund for a term of four years. 
Charles P. Blahous, III, of Maryland, to be a 
Member of the Board of Trustees of the Federal Hos-pital Insurance Trust Fund for a term of four years. 
Robert D. Reischauer, of Maryland, to be a Mem-
ber of the Board of Trustees of the Federal Supple-mentary Medical Insurance Trust Fund for a term of four years. 
Robert D. Reischauer, of Maryland, to be a Mem-
ber of the Board of Trustees of the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Disability Insurance Trust Fund for a term of four years. 
Robert D. Reischauer, of Maryland, to be a Mem-
ber of the Board of Trustees of the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund for a term of four years. Linda I. Etim, of Wisconsin, to be an Assistant 
Administrator of the United States Agency for Inter-national Development. 
Laura S. H. Holgate, of Virginia, to be Represent-
ative of the United States of America to the Vienna Office of the United Nations, with the rank of Am-bassador. 
Laura S. H. Holgate, of Virginia, to be the Rep-
resentative of the United States of America to the International Atomic Energy Agency, with the rank of Ambassador. 
Richard Otto Buckius, of California, to be Deputy 
Director of the National Science Foundation. 
                                                                                    Pages S6426–27 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S6379 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S6381–84 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                             Pages S6384–S6405 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S6373–79 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S6405–22 
Notices of Intent:                                     Pages S6369, S6422 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S6422 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S6422 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and 
adjourned at 8:19 p.m., until 11:30 a.m. on Thurs-day, August 6, 2015. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S6426.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
JOINT COMPREHENSIVE PLAN OF ACTION 
Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action and the military balance in the Middle East, after receiving testimony from Walter Russell Mead, The Hudson Institute, and Richard Nephew, Colum-bia University Center on Global Energy Policy, both of New York, New York; and Michael Singh, The Washington Institute for Near East Policy, and Ray Takeyh, and Philip Gordon, both of the Council on Foreign Relations, all of Washington, D.C. 
IRAN NUCLEAR AGREEMENT SANCTIONS 
RELIEF 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: 
Committee concluded a hearing to examine the im-plications of sanctions relief under the Iran agree-ment, after receiving testimony from Wendy Sher-man, Under Secretary of State; Adam J. Szubin, Act-ing Under Secretary of Treasury for Terrorism and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:13 Feb 24, 2016 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD15\AUG 15\D05AU5.REC D05AU5bjneal on DSK2TWX8P1PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D938 August 5, 2015 
Financial Intelligence; Nicholas Burns, Harvard Ken-
nedy School, Cambridge, Massachusetts; and Juan C. Zarate, and Mark Dubowitz, both of the Foundation for Defense of Democracies Center on Sanctions and Illicit Finance, and Matthew Levitt, The Washington Institute for Near East Policy, all of Washington, D.C. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Environment and Public Works: Com-
mittee ordered favorably reported the following busi-ness items: 
S. 1324, to require the Administrator of the Envi-
ronmental Protection Agency to fulfill certain re-quirements before regulating standards of perform-ance for new, modified, and reconstructed fossil fuel- fired electric utility generating units; 
S. 1523, to amend the Federal Water Pollution 
Control Act to reauthorize the National Estuary Pro-gram; 
S. 1500, to clarify Congressional intent regarding 
the regulation of the use of pesticides in or near nav-igable waters; 
S. 1707, to designate the Federal building located 
at 617 Walnut Street in Helena, Arkansas, as the ‘‘Jacob Trieber Federal Building, United States Post Office, and United States Court House’’; 
H.R. 2131, to designate the Federal building and 
United States courthouse located at 83 Meeting Street in Charleston, South Carolina, as the ‘‘J. Waties Waring Judicial Center’’; 
H.R. 2559, to designate the ‘‘PFC Milton A. Lee 
Medal of Honor Memorial Highway’’ in the State of Texas; and 
General Services Administration resolutions. 
BUSINESS MEETING 
Committee on Finance: Committee ordered favorably 
reported the following business items: 
The committee’s report on the IRS handling of 
tax exempt status under Internal Revenue Code 501 (c)(4); and 
The nominations of Marisa Lago, of New York, to 
be a Deputy United States Trade Representative, with the rank of Ambassador, and W. Thomas Reed-
er, Jr., of Virginia, to be Director of the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation. 
JOINT COMPREHENSIVE PLAN OF ACTION 
Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded 
a hearing to examine the implications of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action for United States pol-icy in the Middle East, after receiving testimony from Michael Singh, The Washington Institute for Near East Policy, and Kenneth M. Pollack, The Brookings Institution, both of Washington, D.C. 
REAUTHORIZING THE HIGHER 
EDUCATION ACT 
Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: 
Committee concluded a hearing to examine reauthor-izing the Higher Education Act, focusing on oppor-tunities to improve student success, after receiving testimony from Stan Jones, Complete College Amer-ica, Indianapolis, Indiana; Scott Ralls, North Caro-lina Community College System, Raleigh; Timothy Renick, Georgia State University, Atlanta; Lashawn Richburg-Hayes, MDRC, New York, New York. 
INSPECTOR GENERAL AND INDEPENDENT 
OVERSIGHT 
Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded a 
hearing to examine the Department of Justice’s legal obligation to ensure Inspector General access to all records needed for independent oversight, after re-ceiving testimony from Michael E. Horowitz, Inspec-tor General, Kevin L. Perkins, Associate Deputy Di-rector, Federal Bureau of Investigation, and Carlos Uriarte, Associate Deputy Attorney General, all of the Department of Justice; David Smith, Acting In-spector General, Office of Inspector General, Depart-ment of Commerce; Danielle Brian, Project on Gov-ernment Oversight, and Brian D. Miller, former In-spector General, General Services Administration, Navigant Consulting, both of Washington, D.C.; and Paul C. Light, New York University Robert F. Wagner School of Public Service, New York, New York. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
The House was not in session today. The House 
is scheduled to meet at 2 p.m. on Tuesday, Sep-tember 8, 2015 pursuant to the provisions of H. Con. Res. 72. Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:36 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D05AU5.REC D05AUPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D939 August 5, 2015 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, 
AUGUST 6, 2015 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-
ine the 2015 Trafficking in Persons Report, 10 a.m., SD–419. House 
No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:36 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D05AU5.REC D05AUPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postage
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
the Congressional Record .
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD940 August 5, 2015 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 
11:30 a.m., Thursday, August 6 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Senate will meet in a pro forma 
session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
2 p.m., Tuesday, September 8 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: The House is scheduled to meet 
at 2 p.m. on Tuesday, September 8, 2015 pursuant to the provisions of H. Con. Res. 72. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:36 Aug 06, 2015 Jkt 049060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D05AU5.REC D05AUPT1smartinez on DSK4TPTVN1PROD with DIGEST